The district , built on landfill , suffered heavy quake damage , including collapsed buildings . 
`` My husband was instantly impoverished by the very act of marrying me , '' she says . 
`` Most of us grew up believing in the axioms ` Haste makes waste ' and ` Do n't cut corners , ' ideas that seem to run counter to the concept of managing speed , '' says Dean Cassell , vice president for product integrity at Grumman Corp . 
Mr. Paul boasts that he spotted bargains in old masters just before they took an upward turn . 
But others reject the view , and forecast the dollar will continue to hold its current tight trading pattern . 
Separately , the bill gives authority to the Department of Housing and Urban Development to facilitate the refinancing of high-interest loans subsidized by the government under the so-called Section 235 home-ownership program for lower-income families . 
Fees 1 3\/8 . 
I 'm not sure cross-ownership would necessarily make things smoother . '' 
According to available details , yields range from 8.70 % , a spread of 80 basis points over three-year Treasury securities , to 10.37 % , a spread of 230 basis points over 20-year Treasurys . 
Most popular acquisition method : the leveraged buy-out . 
Possible bidders include Christopher Ondaatje , a Toronto financier and vice chairman of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , a holding company controlled by Toronto 's Bronfman family . 
Finally , the government has to convince a rattled financial community -- and voters -- it is proceeding coherently toward its goals . 
A cell filled with heavy water is producing 1.0 to 1.5 watts more heat than an identical electrolytic cell filled with ordinary water next to it , reported Turgut M. Gur , an associate of materials scientist Robert A. Huggins , head of the Stanford experimental team . 
NBC broadcast throughout the entire night and did not go off the air until noon yesterday . 
Madison 's noble and unifying vision of the representative still can guide us . 
`` It was scary to people thinking that they could n't get their trades off . '' 
A spokesman for the retail jeweler said the company would provide more details today and that it expects to reach a definitive agreement by the end of the week . 
Home Nutritional currently has 10 million shares outstanding . 
`` I said , ` NOW ? ' 
`` If they think they are going to stop index arbitrage by causing a few Wall Street firms to quit , they are crazy , '' Mr. Greenberg said . 
Still , Mrs. Thatcher had once again gone against the grain . 
Richard Rifenburgh , chairman and chief executive of the Longmont , Colo. , disk-drive maker , also said the company continued losing money in the third quarter and expects to sustain further losses through the end of the year . 
Or the zero-coupon bonds turn out not to have been discounted deeply enough to pay your kid 's tuition . 
Its chief builder , Taiwan-born Feng-hsiung Hsu , nicknamed his brainchild `` the Weasel '' for its tactical flair at wriggling out of horrible positions . 
`` People are sick and tired of hearing about these deficits , but the imbalances are still there and they are still a problem , '' said Mr. Robertson . 
The two are also signing a trade agreement . 
The Republicans show no sign of relenting . 
Elsewhere in the Commerce Department , nearly $ 191.2 million is preserved for assistance programs under the Economic Development Administration . 
If the refinancing plan clears Congress , there could be fairly heavy prepayments on the premium securities , hurting any investor paying much above par for them . 
The 1988 results were restated for accounting-rules changes . 
`` They figure it 's not a very good advert . '' 
Talks between the two sides could unravel , of course , as they have more than once since Sony announced its plans to hire Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
`` My position is well-known and well-stated , '' he replied . 
Seiren Co . ( Japan ) -- 
A bid against Paribas could n't be ruled out . 
DFC asked the central bank to appoint managers after it revised loan-loss provisions to around the same level of shareholders ' funds of 180 million New Zealand dollars ( US$ 105.4 million ) . 
Over the years , it has helped encourage investments by entrepreneurs in the Third World through its extensive credit operations and through loans and investments by the International Finance Corp . 
`` One case of cancer or a high-risk pregnancy with a sick infant , and rates go up 40 % to 60 % . 
`` One of the three major markets in the world is getting chewed up pretty bad . '' 
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans . 
The symptoms all point to one thing : Japan does not have a modern government . 
`` Human nature being what it is , people do n't always follow instructions , '' says Jack Guzewich , chief of food protection for the New York state Health Department . 
He noted that for the first time in months there was some light investor interest in the metals . 
This misguided policy could not prevent a British trade deficit . 
Prices of other paper makers rose sharply , although Georgia-Pacific fell $ 2.50 a share , to $ 50.875 . 
The closed branches , in San Francisco , Hayward , Santa Clara and Santa Cruz , sustained structural damage . 
Most recently , the Bank Group has been expanded to include the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency to stimulate direct foreign investment in developing countries by offering guarantees against noncommercial risk and advice to member countries on how to improve their business climate . 
Japan is considering giving aid to Hungary and Poland to support their recent political reforms , a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry said . 
The coalition would include the current Vietnamese-backed Hun Sen regime , the two non-communist resistance groups led by Son Sann and Prince Sihanouk , and the Khmer Rouge . 
One recruiter working with Mr. Meyer was so generous with $ 10 and $ 20 bills that prospects sang `` Here Comes Santa Claus '' when he approached . 
The boost in rates sent IBM 's bonds tumbling , leaving underwriters with millions of dollars of losses and triggering a sell-off in the overall market . 
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again . 
Traders said municipals were underpinned by influences including the climb in Treasury issue prices . 
In good times , he says , they lag a bit , but overall they provide superior performance . 
`` On a stand-alone basis , the network ought to make money , '' he says . 
Three years ago , the ratio was reversed . 
First , there 's the name : `` asset-backed securities . '' 
StatesWest owns 7.25 % of Mesa . 
Some employers initiate referrals , especially if work problems threaten a top manager 's job . 
A balance of $ 25.8 million remained in late order-taking , according to the lead manager . 
Democracy is making a return with a vengeance to Latin America 's most populous and deeply indebted country . 
For Mr. Tait , who says he used to earn as much as $ 150,000 a year at Wang , it was one more reason to quit . 
As hamburger and pizza outlets saturate one area after another , franchisers are struggling desperately for market share , slashing prices and stepping up costly promotions . 
Mr. Simmons declined to comment , and the White House said the congressmen 's letter is under review . 
It 's equally ridiculous not to provide a capital investment or retirement-savings tax incentive . 
The loss in Comprehensive Care 's latest quarter is equal to 46 cents a share . 
Silver prices could also be boosted by strikes in leading producing nations Peru and Mexico , Mr. Demler says . 
He says he spent $ 300 million on his art business this year . 
Drugs were a major issue in two days of talks between French President Francois Mitterrand and Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez . 
But many investors remain wary about stocks , partly because they expect continued turbulence in the junk-bond market that would make it more difficult to finance corporate takeovers . 
110 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with an indicated 0.25 % coupon at par , via Bank Leu Ltd . 
The approach has generated so much interest that NYU is host to the first conference on cooperative care Nov. 30 . 
With a conservative debt-to-equity ratio of 1-to-1 -- and $ 329 million in cash -- Manville is indeed actively on the prowl . 
The egg producers also lobbied the Food and Drug Administration . 
In Chicago , for example , size is the issue . 
Digital , however , does n't expect to displace IBM mainframes that are already installed at big companies . 
The company had a loss from operations of $ 1.7 million . 
Companies that actually market speed as part of their service train their managers to lead and participate in teams that increase speed and improve quality in everyday operations . 
Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company approved the creation of this second class of stock , which will be traded on the national over-the-counter market and which the company said would be used for acquisitions and other general corporate purposes . 
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage-securities trust it created for Japanese investors . 
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit . 
Polls also have recorded some slippage in Mr. Dinkins 's support among Jewish voters , and citywide projections now put his lead at between four and 20 percentage points . 
Shoppers , many of whom operate small businesses , pay annual membership fees , which provide an income base for the stores . 
The U.S. soon found new cause for concern : gun-running . 
But the new union leader makes no apologies for Pemex 's more outward-looking attitude . 
Still , some sectors found buying interest after being actively sold in recent weeks . 
Japanese companies have a caveat competitor attitude . 
The market during the start-up is estimated at 25,000 subscribers . 
But some money managers are doing just that . 
The Canadian government plans to auction on Tuesday 750 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 639.9 million ) of 9.25 % bonds due Dec. 1 , 1999 , the Finance Department said . 
These findings illustrate the vicious cycle that National Institute of Justice Director James K. Stewart calls `` crime causing poverty . '' 
But spokesmen for both Mr. Isler and Mr. Conner say the formation of the new syndicate has to do with Mr. Isler 's desire to skipper his own team and begin planning now , rather than any falling out between the two sportsmen . 
But after restructuring under new management , the profits began rolling in . 
Nobody has any credible estimate . 
The Mouth is back . 
First , a pop quiz . 
But he estimated that a raider would have been able to amass no more than 4 % of the shares in recent months . 
Still , he says , `` it 's no bad thing '' if all the marketing prods people into putting aside a little more . 
Under a microscope he could actually see that a bit of chromosome 13 was missing . 
`` Prices for LBOs have to come down if you do n't have that feature , '' argued Lawrence Schloss , managing director for merchant banking at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. in New York . 
Without Moscow 's military and party behind it , East Germany runs the risk of disintegrating . 
For some banks that 10 % ceiling created problems . 
`` It 's reasonable to say there is not a solvent S&L in the state and the amount of viable bank capital is very low , '' said Mr. Jackson . 
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 . 
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings . 
Now the Mirage and Circus Circus Enterprises Inc. 's $ 290 million Excalibur are going up . 
But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . 
Air France and Lufthansa last month concluded a far-reaching cooperation accord that includes air-freight activities . 
Trinova closed at $ 25 , down $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The Dorrance family will still receive a substantial portion of the auction proceeds above $ 100 million , people familiar with the transaction said . 
Analysts peg the dollar 's recent weakness to an underlying slowdown in the U.S. economy , highlighted by recent economic data , particularly a surprisingly sharp widening in the August U.S. trade gap . 
Fueling the growth , among other things , were higher-than-expected prices for certain building products . 
Conner dominates the market for hard-disk drives used to store data in laptop computers . 
The action abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts to fund the payments , but is widely seen as a more realistic means of expediting reparations first authorized in 1988 . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Black & Decker closed at $ 19.75 yesterday , down 25 cents . 
Mr. Katz adds that people who jump in and out of the stock market need to be right about 70 % of the time to beat a buy-and-hold strategy . 
But even that brings Nissan only to the share it had in 1987 , and leaves the company behind its high of 5.5 % in 1980 and 1982 . 
Corporate profits may also dip initially . 
The old guard had every right , however , to disdain the newcomers ' new ways of making money , such as greenmail . 
But with sales growth sluggish and other men 's stores putting on the heat , the venerable retailer can no longer afford such a smug attitude . 
Connecticut -- $ 100.4 million of general obligation capital appreciation bonds , College Savings Plan , 1989 Series B , priced by a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group . 
He was back in jail over the summer on shoplifting charges . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the freight railroad earned $ 83 million , or $ 1.21 a share . 
`` What really matters is the operating income of the divisions : I look at these numbers and I say , these businesses are doing well , '' said Mark Manson , a vice president of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
Average yields on CDs aimed at individual investors fell less than half as much as yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction . 
U.S. exports to Canada jumped 11.2 % in August from July while U.S. imports from Canada rose only 2.7 % . 
At the news conference , Mr. Lorenzo and Eastern President Phil Bakes presented a far rosier assessment . 
Both Toshiba and NEC already produce hard-disk drives , and Sony also is studying the field , Mr. Claridge said . 
He adds : `` It just has n't gotten down to the engine room yet . '' 
After years of relative obscurity , he is starting to attract notice for the ecological as well as the aesthetic quality of his architecture . 
The industry used 81.6 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.2 % the previous week and 86.2 % a year ago . 
Among other things , Innopac is involved in recycling polystyrene foam products that are often used by fast food chains , such as McDonald 's Corp. , for food packaging . 
In September , DWG , a Miami Beach , Fla. , holding company controlled by financeer Victor Posner , rejected an offer from a group of Arby 's franchisees to acquire Arby 's for $ 200 million . 
In Warsaw , Shevardnadze held his first talks with the Solidarity-led government and vowed to maintain fuel supplies . 
`` It makes no sense for us to put money at risk when you know you 're going to lose , '' says Mr. Antolini , of Donaldson Lufkin . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
Whether Polly Peck 's acquisition makes sense remains to be seen , but at the news conference , Mr. Nadir brimmed with self-confidence that he can turn Sansui around . 
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business . 
`` It increasingly appears that 1987-88 was a temporary inflation blip and not the beginning of a cyclical inflation problem , '' argued Edward Yardeni , chief economist at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. in New York . 
Security costs are also quite high . 
And that , in turn , would only strengthen the argument of those who oppose execution under any circumstances . 
Crude oil for November delivery edged up by 16 cents a barrel to $ 20.75 a barrel . 
No doubt many of his ideas are worthy , but ultimately he is proposing to make fundamentally flawed programs work slightly more fairly and efficiently . 
TVA offered $ 2 billion of 30-year bonds priced to yield 9.06 % ; $ 1 billion in 10-year notes priced to yield 8.42 % ; and $ 1 billion in five-year notes priced to yield 8.33 % . 
Three years ago , the exchange took up residence in a space-age tower of steel and glass -- evocative of the kind of modern architecture that Britain 's Prince Charles has denounced . 
Analysts say they think durable goods orders fell about 1 % , compared with a 3.9 % gain in August , and that growth in the third quarter slowed to about 2.3 % from the second quarter 's 2.5 % . 
Pierre-Karl Peladeau , the founder 's son and the executive in charge of the acquisition , says Quebecor has n't decided how it will finance its share of the purchase , but he says it most likely will use debt . 
Sandra Swift Parrino 
Raytheon Co. was issued a $ 19.2 million Air Force contract for support of the Milstar communications satellite . 
I do n't want companies to be built around me as a person . 
The financial problems are particularly frustrating for salespeople pushing Wang 's image systems , which convert paper forms to electronic documents . 
The new technology , which creates a very thin piece of steel , radically reduces the costs of making flat-rolled sheets . 
Now those items will be discussed in a House-Senate conference , which could begin as soon as today , with the expectation that they could either be resolved there or placed into other legislation . 
According to Richard P. Mills , a Boston-based official of the U.S. partner , 10,000 copies of the quarterly will be printed in Russian from next year . 
Beatrice Co. -- 
Peter Isler , the winning navigator in the past two America 's Cup challenges , has split from the team led by Dennis Conner , skipper of the victorious Stars & Stripes , to form his own team for the next contest in 1992 . 
Broiler prices fell 6.5 cents in October to 30.6 cents a pound , while turkey prices rose 1.2 cents a pound to 38.5 cents . 
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan . 
Sir John noted that GM , a longtime Jaguar supplier , agrees `` we should remain an independent company . '' 
`` Their attitude is , ` You want to talk mainframes , we 'll talk mainframes , ' '' says one computer industry executive . 
Foothills ' main rival to build a Mackenzie Delta pipeline is likely to be TransCanada PipeLines . 
The two companies would appear to be a logical fit because of their complementary lines , and analysts described the offer , representing a 36 % premium over Nekoosa 's market price , as fair . 
10 billion yen of 6 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1992 , priced at 101.225 to yield 6.056 % via IBJ International . 
The firm did the trade in seconds on the London stock exchange 's SEAQ automated-quotation system . 
He recalled to the audience a `` strange , infelicitous '' analogy he once heard arguing `` now that we have finally recognized that American blacks have rights , we need to do the same for animals . 
'' In such circumstances , free-speech interests outweighed the interests of the copyright owner . 
`` Saturday Night '' has cast actors to appear in future stories ranging from the abortion rights of teen-agers to a Nov. 4 segment on a man named Willie Bosket , who calls himself a `` monster '' and is reputed to be the toughest prisoner in New York . 
Terms of the agreement were n't given . 
Nissan Motor Co. 's domestic auto sales are up 20 % this year largely because its expensive Cima , Sylvia and Cefiro models are in heavy demand . 
Bristol-Myers said net income rose 15 % to $ 266.2 million , or 93 cents a share , from $ 232.3 million , or 81 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Now that 's advice the writers should take to heart . 
Peter W. Likins , president of Lehigh University , Bethlehem , Pa. , was elected a director of this maker of industrial motion-control parts and systems . 
The potential is displayed along every road into Warsaw : row upon row of greenhouses , stretching out behind modern mansions that trumpet their owners ' wealth . 
It may be straightforward -- he wants money for food -- or incredibly convoluted ; his sister is at this very moment near death in Hoboken , he has lost his wallet and has only $ 1.22 in change to put toward a bus ticket costing $ 3.83 , and wo n't you give him the difference ? 
HE RODE HIS HOBBY , but he could n't milk it , the Tax Court says . 
Falconbridge , he says , will continue operating in its current form . 
Vice President Quayle and Budget Director Darman said recently they 've joined the search . 
`` The Campeau situation is a little uncertain and very difficult to analyze . '' 
His daughter turns to dressmaking , then to peddling herself for a few piasters . 
Although the polyester and rayon markets remain mostly bleak , Akzo has high hopes for some emerging fiber businesses , such carbon fibers and aramid , extremely strong fibers used to reinforce tires and metals and to make such products as bullet-proof vests . 
Just when Ms. Gruberova sat down away from her guests to cough in private , her salon began sliding around the stage ; her country hideaway also has a very active set of drapes . 
In his letter to Knight-Ridder President James K. Batten , Mr. McMaster said he arrived at the $ 68 million figure using Knight-Ridder 's corporate financial statements and comments by Knight-Ridder officials that the Free Press has a $ 50 million value in salvage . 
A former prosecutor and member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , Sen. Specter is expected to exercise influence when the Senate votes on the impeachment today . 
Firm will not , however , resume 24-hour service until power in city is restored . 
However , CDs sold through major broker-dealer networks were up slightly almost across the board . 
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder . 
Even if only some of the allegations stand up , however , they provide ample testimony to the awesome power of judges in rural communities . 
That power can sometimes be abused , particularly since jurists in smaller jurisdictions operate without many of the restraints that serve as corrective measures in urban areas . 
A crusade of NO to the consumption of drugs is imperative . 
The Harrisburg 7 trial in 1972 , in which Daniel Berrigan and others were charged with plotting anti-war-related violence , was a landmark . 
Many of Wednesday 's winners were losers yesterday as investors quickly took profits and rotated their buying to other issues , traders said . 
`` We were saving up to buy a house , and my wife was pregnant , '' says Mr. Cortese . 
The new 3090s due next week will boost performance by only about 8 % to 10 % . 
That would give the Pentagon flexibility that no other federal agency has . 
Her idea : bring in live zoo animals . 
Sea Containers added that the recapitalization plan will reduce its debt by more than $ 500 million . 
`` You stay out of it , '' author Whitford quotes Mr. Clements as saying . 
Imprisoned by the Nazis during World War II for his political beliefs , Mr. Honecker typified the postwar generation of committed Communist leaders in Eastern Europe who took their cues from Moscow . 
Fibreboard Corp. said it completed the previously reported sale of approximately 27,500 acres of timberland near Truckee , Calif. , to closely held Sierra Pacific Industries Corp. , Arcata , Calif. , for $ 32.5 million . 
Mr. Laff 's attorney , John Lang , filed a memorandum asking that the trial record include a secretly taped conversation in which the witness , Henry Lorin , told a Haas stockbroker that Mr. Laff should be killed . 
The hotels and management interests will be sold at an auction , said John Rothman , president and chief executive officer of the trust and a director of the corporation . 
Union Carbide 's earnings plunged 35 % in the third quarter , reflecting weakness in the company 's core chemicals and plastics businesses . 
I decided to brave the storm . 
Consumers , credit cards in hand , are n't running amok through the shopping malls -- or putting the economy at any great risk . 
And we 'll raise it through existing shareholders '' as well as through junk bonds , said Anthony Simonds-Gooding , the private consortium 's chief executive . 
Housing , for instance , has remained a fairly steady component of household assets over the past decade -- although common wisdom would have expected an increase . 
Nissan says it will introduce its first system next month on the Infiniti Q45 luxury sedan , and Toyota 's Celica coupe will go on sale with the suspension device next spring . 
In the end , after meeting with the former housekeeper , Stevens sits by the seashore at dusk , thinking of her and of his employer , and declares `` I trusted . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Ashton-Tate closed yesterday at $ 10 a share , up 62.5 cents . 
Separately , Chemical confirmed that it took an undisclosed charge in the second quarter for losses on forward-rate agreements involving foreign currency written by its branch in Frankfurt , West Germany . 
But 1991 could be a window for action . 
The Treasury expressed pleasure , however , with the government of Taiwan , which was cited for exchange-rate manipulation in last year 's report . 
Commerzbank gained 1 to 252.5 . 
So what does consensus mean ? 
The acquisition would give Wilmington , Del.-based Star States access to the Pennsylvania market . 
On the allegation of kidnapping , Judge Keenan wrote , `` The suggestion that Mrs. Marcos was brought to this country against her will is unsupported by affidavit or affirmation . '' 
The legislation and other issues related to the stock market will be the focus of hearings this week by the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee and the Senate Securities Subcommittee . 
Another interesting example is the poison pill adopted recently by Pittsburgh-based National Intergroup Inc. , a diversified holding company . 
Mr. von Germeten , in turn , attributed the controversy to judgmental errors by accountants and accused Shearson of conducting a `` witch hunt . '' 
Dealers bought the used stamps cheaply from charities , including the Guide Dogs for the Blind Association . 
The dollar finished at its intraday highs . 
He said there are two reports this week that might affect prices : the purchasing managers report on Wednesday and the unemployment report on Friday . 
Japanese tourists will be told to take care when photographing earthquake damage in San Francisco , the Japan Association of Travel Agents said . 
No major player in the SCI TV deal will talk publicly . 
Until the baby-faced heroes of today reclaim these ballparks for spring training , there is one more . 
But the broader truth is more complicated -- and dismaying . 
`` Mattel 's world-wide volume has grown 25 % in a climate of relatively flat industry sales , '' said John W. Amerman , chairman . 
Such companies `` are increasingly being left behind '' in the global liquor business , says Nomura 's Mr. Littleboy . 
It is n't ... . 
And there 's pride . 
We need to get a space platform set up soon -- just in case we want to step out for a breath of fresh air . 
Amoco 's refining and marketing profit in the quarter fell to $ 134 million from $ 319 million . 
It 's also widespread for reservations clerks in the airline , car-rental , hotel and railroad industries . 
Harry Manion , Mr. Sala 's attorney , says his client denies any wrongdoing and adds that the attorney general 's contentions about First Meridian 's business practices are incorrect . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Norfolk Southern shares closed at $ 37.875 , up $ 1.125 . 
Separately , the House last night approved a nearly $ 67 billion compromise spending bill providing the first construction funds for the administration 's ambitious space station in fiscal 1990 and incorporating far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
Perhaps the Halloween season is a good time for Congress to be looking at funding for some ghostbusting equipment . 
In addition , President Aquino has yet to sign into law a bill removing a stiff 48 % tax on naphtha , the principal raw material to be used in the cracker . 
`` There 's a definite psychology of the sale and different personalities you pitch different ways , '' he says . 
At a meeting Sept. 1 to consider the labor-management bid , the board also was informed by its investment adviser , First Boston Corp. , of interest expressed by buy-out funds including Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and Forstmann Little & Co. , as well as by Robert Bass , Morgan Stanley 's buy-out fund , and Pan Am Corp . 
People are shooting for a dream . '' 
If you can do that and at the same time send a message that supports your business , that 's brilliant . '' 
And Mr. Jackson probably has opened new checking accounts , too . 
U.S. Memories is seeking major investors to back its attempt to crack the $ 10 billion market for dynamic random access memory chips , a market dominated by the Japanese . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 130.13 , up 0.23 ; spot index 130.46 , up 0.10 . 
At closely held Deltec Securities Corp. , junk bond money managers Amy K. Minella and Hannah H. Strasser say the problems of the junk market go deeper than a temporary malaise . 
So the scramble is on for lighter crudes globally , and for natural gas in the U.S. . 
It more than doubled Federal 's long-term debt to $ 1.9 billion , thrust the company into unknown territory -- heavy cargo -- and suddenly expanded its landing rights to 21 countries from four . 
Adjusters must count the number of bathrooms , balconies , fireplaces , chimneys , microwaves and dishwashers . 
So far no one has suggested putting the comptroller back on the board . 
But the lovebirds have a conflict . 
The HUD scandals will simply continue , but under new mismanagement . 
Excluding the provision , Republic earned $ 44.6 million , up 15 % from a year ago . 
Scrap merchants are converting smaller quantities of metal into silver , while low prices are discouraging exports from India and the Soviet Union . 
First half ended , June 30 , 1989 : 
Mr. Peters , on the other hand , has fewer fans in Hollywood , and his detractors like to characterize him as something of a hot-tempered bully . 
Same-store sales for Pizza Hut rose about 13 % , while Taco Bell 's increased 22 % , as the chain continues to benefit from its price-value strategy . 
The surprising discovery of the evening at Fisher was the high standard achieved by some of his now-obscure colleagues , notably Raimondo Boucheron . 
BSB has 3.1 million shares outstanding . 
The 20-stock MMI mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
You had to have been blind not to see the scenario there for what it was and is and will continue to be for months and even years -- a part of South Carolina that has sustained a blow that the Red Cross expects will cost that organization alone some $ 38 million . 
That 's easy for him to say : CBS 's four-year NBA pact , now at $ 176 million for four years , could double in price by the time his talks with Mr. Pilson are completed later this month . 
Of his 10 novels , `` The Hive '' ( 1951 ) , full of sharp vignettes of Madrid life and centered on a cafe run by Dona Rosa , a foul-mouthed , broad-based woman with blackened little teeth encrusted in filth , used to be available in English , translated by J.M. Cohen and published by Ecco Press , which now no doubt regrets relinquishing its copyright . 
But HomeFed said it purposely curbed loan originations in the quarter because of uncertainty over the new capital requirements and regulations that will emerge from negotiations over implementing the government 's massive thrift bailout bill . 
The characters will also be featured in a new public service effort for the United Way . 
What is the consequence of a high-interest burden , high default rates and continued low profitability ? 
But even those who have found a way to cope with the imports and the slump , fear that furs are losing part of their allure . 
The legislation failed by one vote to clear the House Rules Committee Tuesday , but anti-abortionists still may succeed in bringing the measure to the floor this fall . 
Refcorp is the financing unit of Resolution Trust Corp. , a new government agency created to rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts . 
The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older from July 7 to July 15 , 1989 . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
How could he be ? 
And they have bought about $ 500 million in prepaid-tuition plans , offered in Michigan , Florida and Wyoming . 
`` We could have called ourselves the Academic Intellectual Society , but then everyone would have said , ` Oh , you mean the nerd-and-geek club , ' '' Leonid Fridman , SONG 's graduate-student adviser , told 19 attendees at the club 's inaugural meeting earlier this month . 
That is the conclusion of a report released by the New York State Bar Association . 
Michael Eskridge , president of CNBC , said that although there will be a studio audience , viewers will no longer have to endure the shouting of `` Mort ! Mort ! Mort ! '' 
Nevertheless , Mr. Rey has been very careful since then to make sure his moves are welcome . 
Hilton rose 2 7\/8 to 100 , for example . 
Currently , even though the issuer does n't pay tax , the debt holder is taxed on the accrued interest . 
General Electric plans to use the characters to plug its Miser light bulb . 
Homerun = jonron . 
The scars will be here years after the polls close . '' 
Essentially , Mr. Freeman had invested heavily in the Beatrice leveraged buy-out , when he was told by another prominent trader , Bernard `` Bunny '' Lasker , that the deal was in trouble . 
Colgate 's results were at the high end of the range of analysts ' forecasts . 
Sales of North American-built cars and trucks plunged 20.5 % in mid-October from a year earlier , as domestic manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier this year . 
Donald Vinson , who oversees the experiments , is n't some white-coated researcher . 
That bill , proposed by the SEC last year , would require brokerage firms to disclose the financial positions of their holding companies , mandate large traders ' reporting of program or block trades , and improve clearing and settlement of trades between the futures and stock markets . 
Timothy C. Brown , a vice president , was named executive vice president and a director of this lighting and specialty products concern . 
Sales rose 5.2 % to $ 2.04 billion from $ 1.94 billion the previous year . 
He has characterized the five senators ' roles as `` tantamount to an attempt to subvert the ... regulatory process , '' and he is n't expected to back down even though the five senators have disputed his account of a 1987 meeting . 
If it ca n't be made at that price , it does n't get filled . 
One reason , they said , was that the official reports on the 1987 crash exonerated program trading as a cause . 
While they have moved to the fore in underwriting fixed-income securities in the Eurobond market -- mostly for Japanese firms -- they have been only marginally profitable , if at all , in the U.S. . 
`` We were concerned that they were n't going to generate enough cash for capital spending and also to pay down debt , '' says a big investor in high-yield debt . 
Parents , he says , should aim at whatever regular investment sum they can afford . 
Rachel Weiss Brookline , Mass . 
James A. Toney , a vice president , sold 1,500 shares Aug. 28 . 
And lawmakers are putting the finishing touches on a compromise that would give the Air Force nearly all of the $ 2.4 billion it wants for production of Northrop Corp. 's radar-eluding B-2 bombers , which cost $ 530 million apiece . 
Senate Democrats are to meet today to consider the GOP proposal . 
Then it turned up , and by one estimate the number will be up to about 109,000 regulators by next year . 
The Merc received considerable criticism in 1987 when it was discovered that its compliance director , Kevin P. Conway , who then was responsible for policing the exchange 's busy oil and metal pits , `` was engaged in other personal business activities on Exchange time , '' including out-of-state trips , according to a New York Merc report prepared last year . 
Trading executives privately say that huge stock-index funds , which dwarf Wall Street firms in terms of the size of their program trades , will continue to launch big programs through the stock market . 
`` Everything is going through firehoops right now , and { Chicago & North Western } is no exception , '' said Mariel Clemensen , vice president , high-yield research , at Citicorp . 
Ideologues on the other side of the border can also slow the process . 
He came out of nowhere to grab the lead in opinion polls , probably less because of his vague program to `` build a new Brazil '' than because of his good looks , the open backing of the powerful Rede Globo television network and his reputation as a hunter of `` maharajahs , '' or overpaid and underworked civil servants . 
`` The American proposal is not an adequate basis for negotiation , '' the EC said in a statement . 
Poland plans to start negotiations soon on purchasing natural gas from Iran , the official Islamic Republic News Agency reported . 
Executives at Time Inc . Magazine Co. , a subsidiary of Time Warner , have said the joint venture with Mr. Lang was n't a good one . 
After plummeting 1.8 % at one point during the day , the composite rebounded a little , but finished down 5.52 , at 461.70 . 
While the company 's sales were soaring , `` We still had a system that was probably appropriate for $ 10 million to $ 20 million in sales . '' 
Early in the decade he saw that fur workers in many foreign countries were willing to work longer hours at lower wages than their American counterparts and were more open to innovation . 
The No. 1 auto maker scheduled overtime this week at its Janesville , Wis. , assembly plant , manufacturer of the Chevrolet Cavalier . 
The activity is enough to move some oil-service prices back up a little . 
In this case , that 's about $ 250,000 . 
-- The Treasury wisely has refused , but has concluded that indirect credit support through various multinational agencies should be made available for a price : either debt reduction or debt-service reduction or new loans ( the Brady Plan ) . 
Then the computers give us more information than we can ever read . 
In 1984 , the Congress ( I ) captured 405 seats , the largest victory in the history of Indian democracy . 
Unlike stop orders -- which are filled at the market price when the stop price is hit -- stop-limit orders demand that the trades be made only at the specified price . 
Gen. Gromov himself said Soviet troops expected to leave behind more than $ 1 billion of military equipment and installations for the Kabul regime . 
The flamboyant and publicity-conscious Mr. Belli says he already has investigators looking into who could be held liable for the damage on the Bay Bridge and the interstate approaching it . 
They are telling people what roads are closed and just keeping the public informed has helped to keep the panic down , '' said James Ball , a station supervisor at Daly City Police Department . 
Its stock closed at $ 38 , up $ 1.875 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
Varity Corp. led the Big Board list of largest short volumes with 12,822,563 shares . 
One group is the Committee on State Taxation , which comprises 330 multistate corporations and advises the Council of State Chambers of Commerce . 
What is wrong with expecting the Japanese to conform to American norms when they locate here ? 
However , Bear Stearns on Monday reported improved earnings for its first quarter , ended Sept. 29 , partly because of a 31 % increase in commissions during the quarter . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. , buoyed by improved operating profit in its tire segment , reported that third-quarter net income rose 11 % to $ 70.5 million , or $ 1.22 a share . 
Donna Rice of Gary Hart fame failed to obtain a book contract and lost her modeling contract for `` No Excuses '' jeans . 
In its brief , the government asserted that it needs the internal GE documents to rebut anticipated efforts by GE during the trial to demonstrate `` its good corporate character . '' 
Outside the white-walled headquarters of the socalled Society of Orange Workers , all seems normal in South Africa 's abnormal society . 
`` These days , anything can happen . 
While Compaq sells its machines to businesses through computer retailers , Texas Instruments will be selling most of its machines to the industrial market and to value-added resellers and original-equipment manufacturers . 
This somewhat-ambiguous assessment moves one Alliance portfolio manager to ask : `` So , what is this -- a Stealth recession ? '' 
Died : Rudolf von Bennigsen-Foerder , 63 , chairman of Veba AG of West Germany , in Duesseldorf , of pneumonia . 
Housing starts sank 5.2 % in September to a seven-year low . 
`` He does n't want to have the image of the gun man , '' says Fred Oldenburg , an expert at the Bonn-sponsored Institute of East European and International Studies in Cologne . 
Observers also wonder whether Judge Mazzone will use the lost-profits method of determining damages , which Polaroid favors because it would result in a larger award , or the reasonable royalty method . 
To the extent that potential Republican candidates and their financial backers realize that the congressional prisoner 's dilemma game works to their disadvantage , the Republican Party will be hindered in its attempts to field a competitive slate of congressional candidates . 
`` What kind of right to exist , '' he asked , `` would a capitalist German Democratic Republic have alongside a capitalist Federal Republic ? '' 
Republicans countered that long-range revenue estimates were unreliable . 
Sears is also stepping up its television ads and changing its message . 
The company would n't elaborate , citing competitive reasons . 
In the absence of humans , would the Earth enjoy a constant climate over the long term ? 
What 's next ? 
Furthermore , a U.S. rejection of the capital increase ( and transfer of shares to Japan ) would give Japan an argument against future calls for economic burden-sharing . 
He asserts that some directors , who have joined forces with company founder James Patterson , have ties to Wendy 's , a competing hamburger chain . 
West German bond prices ended lower after a day of aimless trading . 
These statesmen might take counsel from William Robinson , author of `` The English Flower Garden '' -- the gardener 's bible since 1883 -- who seems to have had a Jennifer Bartlett in mind when he wrote : `` Unhappily , our gardeners for ages have suffered at the hands of the decorative artist when applying his ` designs ' to the garden ... . 
But traders said the market lacks a base on which to set long-term buying strategy , as the future direction of U.S. interest rates remains unclear . 
High default rates , a low interest rate , and government coverage of all interest costs while the student is in school make program costs extremely high . 
The new rate will be payable Feb. 15 . 
A prospectus in India does n't always tell a potential investor much . 
Fujisawa continued to attract investors because of strong earning prospects stemming from a new immune control agent . 
Analysts expect Federal 's earnings to improve again in its fiscal third quarter ending Feb. 28 , when the company should begin benefiting from Tiger 's extra flights , back-up planes and landing rights . 
Revenue increased 11 % , to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.46 billion . 
Anthony J.F. O'Reilly , the company 's chairman , swears by her firm touch , saying regular massages are a balm for his old football injuries . 
Echo Bay Mines rose 5\/8 to 15 7\/8 ; Pegasus Gold advanced 1 1\/2 to 12 , and Corona Class A gained 1\/2 to 7 1\/2 . 
But , he observes , while makers suffer losses when program trading drags the market down , they also make money when program trading pushes the prices higher . 
Congress , with a measure of White House complicity , has been manipulating the spending accounts for years under the cover of omnibus appropriations bills . 
In short , the problem is not intra-administration disagreement , but preoccupation with the prospect that perestrokia might fail , and its political opponents will ask `` Who lost Gorbachev ? '' 
MADD did n't learn of the fund raising until the couple sent it a check for $ 613 , along with a letter saying that was the charity 's `` share . '' 
Some traders said institutions were waiting to see the U.S. jobless rate to be issued Friday . 
He has canceled numerous campaign appointments and was largely inaccessible to the media until the stock story broke . 
Most of trading action now is from professional traders who are trying to take advantage of the price swings to turn a quick profit , he and other traders said . 
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes . 
The remainder expect a downturn to begin sometime in 
As it turns out , the board has a lot of important members , including Winton Blount ( former postmaster general of the U.S. ) , Mrs. Henry Gaisman ( widow of the inventor of auto-strop razor ) and Vincent Murphy ( an investment banker at Merrill Lynch & Co . ) 
`` I never thought it would become so momentous , '' Bobby remarked . 
Municipal Issues 
Ms. Bettner covers personal finance from The Wall Street Journal 's Los Angeles bureau . 
Mr. Tomlin , among other things , illegally provided Mr. Lavelle with inside information and documents intended to give Sperry an unfair advantage in the competition , the documents said . 
`` There is no difference of opinion between ( Chairman ) Lord King and Sir Colin on any aspect of company policy . 
When ad dollars are tight , the high page cost is a major deterrent for advertisers , who generally want to appear regularly in a publication or not at all . 
Blunt Ellis , a Milwaukee brokerage firm , says part of the reason catalog sales grow in popularity is because consumers have more money but less time to spend it . 
`` We feel we have the money necessary to handle the immediate , short-term requirements , '' Mr. Fitzwater said . 
West German Environment Minister Klaus Toepfer said Bonn is convinced of the need for cooperation , `` especially with our neighbors in the East , because we are directly affected by their ecological progress or lack of it . '' 
The Fed did , in fact , execute $ 1.5 billion of liquidity-enhancing customer repurchase agreements , the third set of repurchase orders in three days . 
The rise of superintendents such as Joseph Fernandez and Ted Kimbrough suggests plainly the process of disintegration in many school systems . 
Moreover , by stepping outside the state 's pro-choice tradition , Mr. Courter aggravates fears that he is too conservative as well on more pressing concerns such as auto insurance rates and the environment . 
All three new models are outselling their predecessors by wide margins . 
`` There will be no capital-gains bill this year , '' said Sen. Dale Bumpers ( D. , Ark . ) . 
Separately , a Campeau shareholder filed suit , charging Campeau , Chairman Robert Campeau and other officers with violating securities law . 
Sales of information-processing products and electric parts increased a strong 22 % to 236.23 billion yen from 194.24 billion yen and accounted for 46 % of total sales . 
In novels of an earlier vintage , David would have represented excitement and danger ; Malcolm , placid , middle-class security . 
Until now , its corporate ads , mainly promoting its sponsorship of the arts , have appeared almost exclusively in newspapers and magazines . 
When Ms. Parks and her mother heard about what had happened , Mr. Friend says , they volunteered that they would like to give Mr. Alexander a good walloping . 
About $ 190 million were offered through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
But when agencies like the NIH circulate guidelines , they 've often already formulated policy , veteran scientists say . 
In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace and Electronics groups ; the new Defense and Space Group will contain the Aerospace and Electronics division and Advanced Systems , both based in the Seattle area ; Boeing Helicopters in Philadelphia ; Boeing Military Airplanes in Wichita , Kan. , and ArgoSystems in Sunnyvale , Calif . 
But right now programmers are figuring that viewers who are busy dialing up a range of services may put down their remote control zappers and stay tuned . 
Among pharmaceutical shares , Chugai lost 60 yen to 2,290 yen ( $ 16.20 ) , and Mochida fell 150 to 4,290 . 
Beijing officials have said they will step up the campaign of arrests and intimidation against those who participated in the demonstrations . 
Declining issues on the Big Board were far ahead of gainers , 1,108 to 416 . 
At the first day of the House Banking Committee 's hearings last week , William Seidman , chairman of the Resolution Trust Corp. , the federal agency created to sell sick thrifts , said the agency is investigating whether Lincoln made illegal political contributions . 
The issue has been simmering for years . 
In addition to free massages , there was free counseling , phone calls and a free shuttle bus to a health club , which offered up its showers , saunas and hot tubs . 
Foreign lending has been virtually suspended since then , choking liquidity and hobbling many projects . 
Its developer is a Polish American , Sasha Muniak . 
What happens to me if Campeau collapses between now and then ? '' 
So Mr. Moon is in retreat , refocusing on the Far East . 
For the third quarter , Rubbermaid earned $ 32.6 million , or 44 cents a share , up 16 % from $ 28.1 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Some institutional traders loved the wild ride . 
It is difficult , if not impossible , for anyone who has not pored over the thousands of pages of court pleadings and transcripts to have a worthwhile opinion on the underlying merits of the controversy . 
Both before and after the Friday plunge , Shearson has maintained a recommended portfolio weighting of 65 % stocks , 20 % bonds and 15 % cash . 
The merged firm will carry Norris McLaughlin 's name . 
But its success has been largely in the sale of small , nonperforming companies , which are valued for their assets . 
Amid a riot of jousting knights , circus clowns , gold-leaf centurions and creatures of the wild , lesser competitors will fall . 
`` This was an invisible , powerful force that 's almost impossible for a layman to contemplate , '' Mr. Warren says solemnly as the ghostbusting entourage packs up to leave . 
The company said it expects to use the proceeds to repay certain bank debt and for general corporate purposes , including establishing new operating centers and possible acquisitions . 
MINOR MEMOS : 
Since McDonald 's menu prices rose this year , the actual decline may have been more . 
With airline deals in a tailspin , legendary Wall Street trader Michael Steinhardt could have trouble parachuting out of USAir Group , traders say . 
Medical-supply houses are expected to report earnings increases of about 15 % on average for the third quarter , despite sales increases of less than 10 % , analysts say . 
PRIMERICA Corp. , New York , raised its quarterly 14 % to eight cents a share , from seven cents , payable Nov. 24 to stock of record Nov. 6 . 
That Stevens himself is not grotesque or repellent , but funny and sad and enlightening , is entirely the author 's triumph . 
SCI TV 's grace period for paying its bills is due to expire Nov. 16 . 
Testimony is expected to continue until early December . 
The group will complain to Washington , to the heads of program-trading firms and to the heads of the Big Board itself , he said . 
One person familiar with Georgia-Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion . 
In September 1987 , it ordered LTV to reassume liability and funding for the three original plans . 
The problem for IBM trial lawyers Thomas Barr and David Boies was how to make such a highly technical case understandable . 
Meanwhile , PaineWebber remains among the leaders in efforts to simply persuade investors to keep giving Wall Street their money . 
That was up 2.8 % from a year earlier , even though orders for the first nine months of 1989 were down 19 % from the comparable 1988 period . 
The level of interest in the RTC 's properties has been greater than expected , and has come from larger companies than initially anticipated , says Stan Ross , Leventhal 's co-managing partner . 
He told the woman 's lawyer , Victor Blaine , that the short skirt was inappropriate for a court appearance . 
In its notice of action , the attorney general said the company had promised to put clients into `` balanced '' investment portfolios ; instead , the attorney general alleged , the company consistently shoved unwary customers into high-risk investments in paintings , coins and Florida condos . 
`` There are some witnesses who will be forced to testify about their meetings with senators . '' 
Ed Shea and Barbara Orson never find a real reason for their love affair as the foolish , idealistic young Vass and the tirelessly humanitarian doctor Maria Lvovna . 
A slightly higher percentage of New York Stock Exchange volume has been attributed to retail investors in recent months compared with post-crash 1988 , according to Securities Industry Association data . 
`` When the chain stores took over , there was no longer a connection between grower and consumer . 
You might not find one in the ` Jurisprudence ' column . 
The 1988-return project starts Jan. 1 and is to be done by May 31 , 1991 . 
Should n't they properly be called exit-load funds ? 
These security costs are kept off-budget because the centers ' site acquisition , construction , and financing costs were reduced by such programs as Urban Development Action Grants , Economic Development Administration Grants , Community Development Block Grants , tax-free Industrial Development Bonds , Enterprise Zone tax write-offs , city infrastructure grants , and tax increment financing . 
A foul-smelling demon supposedly plagued a house in Mannington , Ky . 
`` That 's what they 're after . '' 
Lake View had an operating deficit last year and has a poor reputation as an out-of-repair and crime-infested cemetery . 
That helped persuade the company to introduce a new advertising slogan : `` A warm hug from Campbell 's . '' 
But that ghost would n't settle for words , he wanted money and people -- lots . 
And some investors at Fidelity and elsewhere even began buying stock funds during the day . 
Following the consolidation , the entertainment company , which has film and television operations in Beverly Hills , Calif. , will have about 4.1 million shares outstanding . 
Phil Harms , a software engineer , was an eager customer . 
The places renowned for breeding bunco , like the Miami neighborhood known as the `` Maggot Mile '' and Las Vegas 's flashy strip of casinos , invariably offer fast cars , high rollers , glamorous women and lots of sunshine . 
Another inflationary sign came in a surge in building-society lending to a record # 10.2 billion ( $ 16.22 billion ) last month , a much higher level than economists had predicted . 
The new bonds will be dated Oct. 30 and mature Oct. 15 , 2019 . 
For a brief time , the buy-out effort seemed to solve his problems with United 's pilot union . 
-- Lee Wakeman , vice president in charge of options research who discovered the valuation errors and was asked by senior management to straighten out the mess , resigned to take a position in asset and liability management at Continental Bank in Chicago . 
The Justice Department scrambled to play down the significance of revised guidelines concerning prosecutions under the federal racketeering law . 
Nevertheless , the 1989 deficit still exceeded the $ 136 billion target set by the Gramm-Rudman deficit-reduction law by $ 16 billion , a reminder of that law 's shortcomings . 
Addressing a conference of the New York-based Institute for East-West Security Studies in Frankfurt yesterday , Mr. Genscher said , `` History will judge us by whether we have taken the opportunities that emerge from these reforms . '' 
Under terms of the stock , the Yukon ESOP can demand that the stock be redeemed for $ 4,090,000 on Nov. 30 , but NBI said it is legally prohibited from making the redemption . 
That plan would leave existing preferred shareholders with at least a 41 % stake and give common shareholders as little as 13 % . 
USX 's profit dropped 23 % in the third quarter as improved oil results failed to offset weakness in the firm 's steel and natural gas operations . 
The Tennessee Valley Authority issued $ 4 billion in bonds in the federal utility 's first public debt offering in 15 years . 
All you get is risk . '' 
Discrepancies go unexplained in `` Confidential '' ( one ex-player claims he received $ 4,000 to $ 5,000 for his season football tickets while others said theirs brought only a few hundred dollars ) , and when Mr. Keteyian ca n't nail down something , like who really owned a car driven by Husker tailback Doug Dubose , he simply reprints his notes . 
The story of tumor-suppressor genes goes back to the 1970s , when a pediatrician named Alfred G. Knudson Jr. proposed that retinoblastoma stemmed from two separate genetic defects . 
The 13.25 % subordinated debentures due 2002 were issued in August 1987 as part of the $ 690 million financing for a leveraged buy-out of the company . 
`` Why anyone would want to close themselves off { from direct mail } , a priori , does n't make any sense , '' says Michael Bronner of Bronner Slosberg Associates , a Boston directmail firm . 
In both cases , Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover have been fighting ferociously over their shares of the pie . 
Mr. Lodge , 48 years old , a former finance executive at Singer Sewing Machine Co. and Celanese Corp. , succeeds Francis L. Brophy , 64 , who plans to retire from the company next year . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set Aug. 31 , 1987 . 
When it was restarted , heat output `` really took off '' and produced excess heat for several hours before dying down , he said . 
But a medical clinic with about 20 employees wrongly listed all of them -- including physicians and receptionists -- as independent contractors . 
Holiday Corp. said net income jumped 89 % , partly on the strength of record operating income in its gaming division . 
Why , he used to lay in wait for Cap ; suddenly he 'd leap from behind some statue of Marshall onto Cap 's chest and grab him by the throat and choke him till he coughed up an additional $ 2 billion or so . 
BNL previously reported that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome-based management 's approval . 
`` When we decided to look outside the company for critical data-processing and communications services , we wanted to get the best vendor for that service , '' said Paul Allen , the spokesman . 
Wearing a business suit and western-style hat and boots , he opened up his briefcase and dumped $ 1 million in cash on a table in front of the directors , says Myron Diebel , the bank 's president . 
Mr. Mitchell has been predicting that the president 's initiative would fail this year . 
The initial bond offering by the new government agency , which was created to help rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts , is n't expected to see robust demand . 
`` I may want to offer additional amendments to improve it when the bill comes to the floor , '' said Sen. David Boren ( D. , Okla. ) , a leader of those Democrats . 
The Spanish author Camilo Jose Cela won the Nobel Prize for literature yesterday , a surprising choice , but given the Swedish Academy 's past perversities , hardly the most undeserved and ridiculous accolade handed out by the awarding committee . 
`` If they get 50 packets of something , they open one , see what it says , throw 48 away and send two to people or departments they think are appropriate , '' a spokesman says . 
Call it disaster marketing . 
Former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick , in a CNN `` Capital Gang '' discussion Oct. 7 of House action on federal catastrophic-illness insurance : 
The housing starts numbers , however , are one of the least precise of the government 's economic indicators and are often revised significantly as more information is collected . 
Here are the seasonally adjusted changes in the components of the Labor Department 's consumer price index for September . 
But these players were dead . 
In Tokyo Tuesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 142.32 yen , up from Monday 's Tokyo close of 142.17 yen . 
Past Colombian government tolerance of the `` narcotraficantes '' was due to the drug lords ' history of wiping out leftists in the hinterlands . 
About 45 % of requests for SBA relief loans , which also are available to homeowners , come from small businesses , compared with a 25 % business share after most disasters . 
Let me immediately put limits to whatever nostalgic notions that may intimate . 
Nixon , Hargrave , Devans & Doyle , based in Rochester , N.Y. , has opened an office in Buffalo , N.Y ... . 
In national over-the-counter trading , the company 's shares climbed 37.5 cents to $ 20.375 . 
But Sun Microsystems slipped 1\/4 to 17 1\/4 . 
Jaguar shareholders would have to bless such a far-reaching accord . 
The brokers ' hope has been that they could soon coax investors into shifting some of their hoard into the stock market . 
Up until now , most stores have followed the same basic overseas strategy : 
Many have launched promotions to attract new fans and are renegotiating dated stadium contracts . 
But analysts caution an expected fall in metal prices next year could slow profit growth . 
Even though such facilities use a relatively small amount of crude , analysts say , now the facility wo n't need any , at a time of already high availability . 
While Remic issuance may slow in the coming days because of the shift in the Treasury yield curve , underwriters continued to crank out new real estate mortgage investment conduits structured when the yield curve was more favorable . 
In a speech prepared for delivery to London 's financial community , Mr. Lawson summed up current economic policy as a battle to wring inflation out of the British economy , using high interest rates as `` the essential instrument '' to carry out the campaign . 
Soon the whole purpose of the demonstration is lost in mob mania . 
Most unusual will be water-borne commuters from the East Bay towns of Oakland and Berkeley . 
The move would greatly boost Paribas 's stake in the insurance , transport and food businesses , where Navigation Mixte is strong . 
This is in response to Atsushi Kageyama 's Manager 's Journal , `` Looking for the Real Thing in Sony '' ( editorial page , Oct. 2 ) . 
Using Gnu-Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes . 
The bank 's additional provisions brought reserves for loans to less-developed countries to $ 2.4 billion , covering 36 % of its medium and long-term loans outstanding to these nations . 
Its keyboard , according to industry consultants , is better than Compaq 's , but its battery life of two to three hours is shorter . 
Moreover , with 88 % of its assets tied up in Manville , the trust is badly in need of diversification . 
But public documents indicate 10 % or more of the bank 's provisions were made for foregone interest on a M$ 200 million loan to Malaysia 's dominant political party , the United Malays National Organization , to build its convention and headquarters complex in Kuala Lumpur . 
Mr. Bullock says 45 % of revenues are tied to construction . 
And he has worked to shed his raider image . 
Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses . 
`` Oil of Olay brought with it the baggage of being used basically by older women who had already aged , '' says David Williams , a consultant with New England Consulting Group . 
When the judge bought his new Sunbird from James E. Black Pontiac-Cadillac in Ebensburg five years ago , the dealership had `` certain apprehensions '' about the judge 's reputation , according to the grand-jury report . 
Some traders said the sell-off of technology stocks on low volume reflected a lack of conviction by investors . 
Jamaica costs 504 punts . 
He moved quickly through the ranks with the help of his patron , Mr. Honecker , and emerged as the heir apparent . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
In addition , the directors said if a bid by Mr. Drabinsky is successful , Cineplex expects Rank Organisation PLC to acquire the 51 % of Cineplex 's Film House unit it does n't own , and provide Mr. Drabinsky with additional loan financing . 
Despite the proliferation of tourist distractions , Las Vegans have n't forgot that gambling is still what the town is all about . 
`` The impact , if there is any , will be impossible to judge ahead of time because the decision whether to use { racketeering charges } is made in individual cases '' by Justice Department officials in Washington , he said . 
Dentsu 's billings last year were larger than those of Young & Rubicam , the world 's second-largest ad agency , according to a survey by the publication Advertising Age . 
Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business . 
`` Investors , '' he adds , `` are getting religion . '' 
`` We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , '' Mr. Schwarz says . 
And by late Friday afternoon , actually after the close , we decided that was the wrong tone to take . 
Moreover , the company , whose go-it-alone approach nearly proved fatal , now sees alliances with others as the way back to prosperity in what it calls `` the data solutions '' business . 
For all historians and most journalists , this admission would have been sufficient to condemn the Malcolm articles . 
But Mr. Ortega 's threat over the weekend to end a 19-month cease-fire with the rebels seeking to topple him , effectively elevated the Contras as a policy priority just as they were slipping from the agendas of their most ardent supporters . 
Wessels & Pautsch , a small St. Charles law firm , plans to mail 500 customers a list of its lawyers ' new phone and fax numbers as well as updated Rolodex cards . 
Exports of rum surged 54 % to 814,000 proof gallons . 
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues . 
What is undemocratic is the unwillingness of the more political parts of the government to take the responsibility for deciding the basic question of monetary policy , which is what priority should be given to stabilizing the price level . 
Anheuser , the world 's largest brewer and U.S. market leader , has historically been reluctant to engage in price-cutting as a means of boosting sales volume . 
Under a less-sweeping Senate plan , the catastrophic-care monthly premium would continue , rising to $ 4.90 next year , but the surtax would be abolished . 
The bankruptcy judge has ruled that federal bankruptcy laws could be used to circumvent state regulation . 
The year-ago results have been restated to comply with government regulations . 
The FDA has asked Kellogg and General Mills to show research that their cereals are safe . 
Mr. Greenspan 's decision to keep quiet also prompted a near-mutiny within the Fed 's ranks . 
He believes those defenses might well apply to the Bay Bridge collapse . 
The statement was the U.S. government 's first acknowledgement of what other groups , such as the International Monetary Fund , have been predicting for months . 
The comparable year-earlier number was $ 56 million , a spokesman said . 
`` I am beside myself , '' I 've said in moments of heat , Without ever bothering To marvel at the feat . 
The purchase price is equal to about 1.65 times Deseret 's roughly $ 10.7 million book value , or assets less liabilities . 
Copper has been stuck in a trading range of $ 1.19 to $ 1.34 . 
Spokesmen for the television networks of CBS Inc. and Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , say there are no plans to alter the children 's line-up on Saturday mornings . 
In a letter Monday to Mr. Saltzburg , the judge said he would `` reluctantly '' accept the resignation . 
Nikon said sales rose despite the adverse effect of Japan 's unpopular consumption tax , introduced in April . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Now , Mr. Pilson -- a former college basketball player who says a good negotiator needs `` a level of focus and intellectual attention '' similar to a good athlete-s is facing the consequences of his own aggressiveness . 
`` When you leave the room after your massage , people say you look like you 're glowing . '' 
He said he believes the bank loan , to be arranged by February , will supply about half of the financing . 
Since joining the Politburo in 1983 as its youngest member , Mr. Krenz had acquired the nickname `` crown prince , '' a reference to the widely held view that he was the hand-picked successor to Mr. Honecker . 
Estimating that the state may lose $ 15 million a year , officials announced the filing of 15 criminal actions and `` hundreds '' of civil penalties . 
`` Anne does n't believe in blandness , '' said Ms. Smith . 
When UAL finally opened a half hour late , some 400,000 shares traded at $ 150 . 
The computer processes 55 million instructions per second and uses only one central processing chip , unlike many rival machines using several processors . 
A De Beers spokesman said yesterday the company had offered to increase the minimum wage by 18 % , while the union was demanding 26.6 % . 
Nearly 6.3 million shares , or about 11.5 % of the company 's shares outstanding , changed hands in Big Board composite trading . 
Bids totaling $ 475 million were submitted . 
But the Supreme Court 's opening of debate may have changed even that . 
They only accounted for 5 % , at best , of the station 's total revenues . '' 
The Japanese company received orders totaling 12.44 billion yen ( $ 87.9 million ) from its U.S. business activities during the fiscal year ended in March . 
Virtually every automotive analyst in New York showed up . 
In a statement issued after the meeting , the aerospace giant said it wo n't increase its offer although adjustments within the proposed pay-and-benefit mix are possible . 
That pace is causing some analysts to speculate that the Soviet Union might soon purchase as much as another two million metric tons . 
In each show , Mancuso gets to unleash similar harangues : 
Both estimates would mark declines from the 1988 net of $ 5.81 billion , or $ 9.80 a share , which itself was well below the record IBM set in 1984 . 
The ministers are to reshape NATO 's defenses in Western Europe amid fast-paced changes in the Soviet bloc . 
But Foothills said it plans to seek regulatory approval to build an alternative line , the Alaska Natural Gas Transportation System further north toward Alaska . 
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . '' 
Most New York judges are elected , and the federal age-discrimination law does n't apply to elected officials , said James L. Lee , regional attorney for the EEOC in New York . 
The President of the United States urged the Panamanian armed forces to move against Mr. Noriega . 
The acquisition combined the country 's second-largest security company , Pinkerton 's , with 1987 sales of $ 410 million , and the fourth largest , California Plant Protection , with $ 250 million in sales , creating the industry 's biggest firm , which took on the Pinkerton 's name . 
That has n't deterred plenty of companies . 
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 , which eliminated many tax shelters peddled by planners , and the stock market crash the next year did cause a sharp slump in such demand , and many planners had to make an unplanned exit from the business . 
Revenue rose 4 % to $ 1.79 billion . 
Winners outpaced losers , 572 to 368 , while 181 issues remained unchanged . 
And there were Senate hearings on the questions in July 1972 . 
Yesterday , Mr. Skase said the company is `` solvent and with the continued support of its bankers is able to meet its financial commitments . '' 
Dissidents in Czechoslovakia said the nation 's pro-democracy movement was growing despite the government 's move to crush a protest Saturday in Prague 's Wenceslas Square . 
He said Chase and the Atlas estate were looking to sell the entire building for $ 400 million to $ 475 million , but did n't get an offer for more than $ 375 million . 
Mr. Eddington regards promoting Hong Kong as an important part of attracting visitors from Japan , South Korea and Taiwan , where the number of people looking to travel abroad has surged . 
But Mr. Rivkin insists that the 10 pages were n't pulled because they were too bullish . 
Mr. Sherry declined to comment when asked about the sales . 
The company , which went public in May , intends to pay dividends from available cash flow ; the amount may vary from quarter to quarter . 
American Brands declined to comment on Mr. Wathen 's accusations . 
Coke could be interested in more quickly developing some of the untapped potential in those markets . 
Under the plan , the companies will use Calgene 's patented technology to encapsulate microbes such as Bacillus subtilis , a bacterium , to enhance their biological activity against plant diseases . 
Those , of course , were the responses of people with something to hide . 
The Commodore 64 and 128 , mainly used for children 's educational software and games , had surprised market researchers by continuing to produce strong sales even though other low-profit personal computers now operate several times as fast and have much more memory . 
It could lose some of its dynamism , '' says Mr. Mushkat , a director of Baring Securities ( Hong Kong ) Ltd. , a unit of Britain 's Barings PLC . `` 
With no petroleum-related news or changes in the fundamentals to dictate price moves , `` technicians are wanting to sell this stuff , '' said Eric Bolling of Edge Trading Corp . 
He gave up seven hits , walked five and did n't get a decision . 
`` People were waiting to see if we would take an additional provision '' for medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries , a Citicorp spokesman said . 
Consumers Power Co. filed with the Michigan Public Service Commission a contract to buy power from the Palisades nuclear plant under a proposed new ownership arrangement for the plant . 
Of the self-starting vacuum cleaner , he says : `` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . '' 
The constraints do n't bother the office 's 54-year-old manager , Erich Stromeyer . 
The sale of Merksamer Jewelers is subject to approval by Judge Tina Brozman of U.S. Bankruptcy Court . 
That is , he is being compelled to put them on the market too soon , and has already gotten offers that are less than he paid for some of the art works . 
Under the terms of the accord , Ingersoll will pay about $ 255 million for the Register , a daily that Goodson bought for about $ 170 million in 1986 . 
Demonstrations are particularly apt to degenerate into criminal conduct when they leave the site of the grievance and become mobile . 
And other developers may shift from commercial to residential development in the U.S. . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Air & Water closed unchanged at $ 17.50 . 
`` Every witness receives a formal subpoena , '' Rep. Gonzalez told him . 
It is well-known that the regular Afghan infantry is filled with reluctant conscripts . 
Most recently he had been executive vice president for planning and finance at Texas Air . 
A 60-day to 65-day supply is considered normal . 
The yield on the benchmark bond rose slightly to 7.98 % from 7.96 % . 
If they wo n't change their ways voluntarily , maybe somebody bigger -- Congress -- should make them . 
As with many other goods , the American share of Japan 's PC market is far below that in the rest of the world . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
One state environmental regulator returned a report because `` it was n't heavy enough , it could n't have been correct , '' Mr. Maguire says . 
`` The situation you want to avoid is having somebody not save anything and hope they 'll be able to do it out of current income , '' he says . 
Paul Ely , general partner of Alpha Partners , a venture-capital firm based in Menlo Park , Calif. , was named a director of this computer company . 
The bill must be enacted before the cuts can be restored . 
Blue-chip advertisers have plenty of complaints about the magazines they advertise in , ranging from inadequate consumer research to ad `` clutter '' and a seemingly unchecked proliferation of special interest magazines . 
PWA did n't disclose the expected net cost of the fleet overhaul , but a Toronto-based analyst estimated it at about $ 450 million ( US ) , excluding replacement costs for the 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA plans to sell , and purchase costs for as many as 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft that PWA previously ordered . 
We need them and I thank God for them . '' 
Y&R 's Klein Steps Down 
He notes that industry executives have until now worried that they would face a severe shortage of programs once consumers begin replacing their TV sets with HDTVs . 
Microsoft Corp. 's earnings growth continued to outstrip that of most of its competitors and customers in the personal-computer industry , as it reported a 36 % jump in fiscal first-quarter earnings on a 33 % revenue gain . 
The association said the September total brought French output for the first nine months this year to 14,789,000 tons , up 4.5 % from a year earlier . 
But for us in Western Europe , these are Europeans next door . '' 
`` But it 's like biting the hand that feeds them , because every one of these companies uses direct marketing . '' 
Mr. Wachter , who became his principal adviser , searched galleries in London , Paris and Monaco . 
He reckons the current account deficit will narrow to only # 1.8 billion in September . 
But high-yield , high-risk bonds fell 1\/4 to 1\/2 point with the stock market early in the session and never recovered . 
But with some clients , the talk can heat up a bit . 
He is n't convinced , though , that the price decline reflects falling demand because the world economy remains relatively strong . 
The 33 % bracket should apply to all income over the applicable level , not just the 5 % rate adjustment amount . 
Those Metropolitan Life ads were bad enough . 
The most important development in Mr. Gorbachev 's policy for marginalizing the opposition movement is the claim that the U.S.S.R. also suffers from terrorism . 
More broadly , Mr. Boren hopes that Panama will shock Washington out of its fear of using military power . 
A computer with the optical device will still cost $ 6,495 , but from now on Next will outfit every computer with a hard drive and supply one at no cost to those who have already bought Next machines . 
But Irving Kayton , a patent expert at George Mason University School of Law who is familiar with the case , said the fact that seven patents were infringed `` suggests that infringement was willful . 
The acquisition `` gives us additional production capacity for the food service coffee business and a stronger distribution network , '' a P&G spokesman said . 
For , just as Mr. Giuliani latches on to an issue that has Mr. Dinkins reeling , his campaign desperately needs cash to keep Mr. Ailes 's commercials on the air beyond Wednesday or Thursday . 
HUD officials said they will make available as many as 100 Bay area houses that are under HUD loans but now are vacant after the houses have been inspected to ensure they are sound . 
Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included difficulty obtaining or maintaining public benefits ( 22 % ) , consumer fraud ( 15.4 % ) , and health-care issues ( 15 % ) . 
Westridge Capital is an index fund -- the type of stolid long-term investor whose goal is to be nothing more than average . 
With three minutes left on the clock , Mr. Aikman takes the snap , steps back and fires a 21-yard pass -- straight into the hands of an Atlanta defensive back . 
Warner described as `` nonsense '' yesterday Sony 's assertions in prior court filings that Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters could in theory run Columbia while still fulfilling their contract to produce movies for Warner . 
Bank Building & Equipment Corp. of America , which previously said accounting discrepancies its auditors uncovered would hurt earnings and require restatement of earlier results , increased its projections of the negative fiscal impact , and said it was exploring the company 's sale . 
Renaissance 's last portfolio shift , carried out by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , was a highly publicized decision last January to sell its entire stock portfolio and buy Treasury bills . 
Wives May Not Benefit When Men Do Chores 
Union Carbide , whose third-quarter earnings dropped about 35 % from a year earlier and fell short of analysts ' expectations , declined 1\/2 to 24 1\/2 . 
The apparel maker would n't disclose terms of the agreement . 
Environmental concerns are beginning to have as much influence in oil-industry spending plans as the price of crude does . 
There have been some reports that Mr. Krenz is moving to `` soften '' his reputation , notably rumors that it was he who kept East Germany 's state police off protesters ' backs at the country 's dismal 40th anniversary celebrations earlier this month . 
`` This week was uneventful for the CD market , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote . 
Hooker 's U.S. unit is expected to agree in principle this week to sell its Merksamer Jewelers chain to management , according to executives . 
Instead of hiring one of the many active managers specializing in growth stocks , indexers can design a portfolio around the same stocks ; the portfolio will be maintained by computer , reducing both fees and , in theory , risk ( because of the large number of stocks ) . 
After gaining strength during a brief run-up when trading began , the Nasdaq Composite Index weakened under selling pressure . 
Gerald Stone , the executive producer of `` A Current Affair , '' says , `` We have opened eyes to being a little less conservative and more imaginative in how to present the news . '' 
In when-issued trading , the notes were quoted at a price to yield 7.78 % . 
Term bonds due 2005 are n't being formally reoffered . 
But it is n't clear how long GM would be willing to fight Ford for Jaguar . 
Eprex , used by dialysis patients who are anemic , and Prepulsid , a gastro-intestinal drug , did well overseas , he said . 
Moreover , the amended pact shows how McCaw 's persistence has pushed LIN and BellSouth into a corner , forcing huge debt on the proposed new company . 
Denizens of London 's financial district are cushioning themselves for heavy blows . 
`` We do n't have passive readers . '' 
Those concerns are n't expressed in public . 
The luxury auto maker last year sold 1,214 cars in the U.S. 
The EC Commission decided that such an accord does n't benefit consumers enough to merit an exemption from antitrust law . 
In anticipation of that shift , he and other analysts are encouraging their clients to buy such issues now . 
HomeFed Corp. said its main subsidiary , Home Federal Savings & Loan , converted from a federal savings and loan to a federal savings bank and changed its name to HomeFed Bank . 
PUTS AND CALLS , STOCK MARKET PATOIS for options to sell or buy a company 's shares , were long an arcane Wall Street art best left to the experts , who used them either as a hedge or for pure speculation . 
The latest report compares with a modest 9.9 % increase in July machinery orders from a year earlier . 
He said he was giving up the golden share `` to clear the way so the playing field is level between all contestants . '' 
They will get `` new and improved tools to sell , particularly to the affluent investor , '' says brokerage chief Charles V. Sheehan . 
But predictions that central banks of the Group of Seven ( G-7 ) major industrial nations would continue their massive dollar sales went astray , as the market drove the dollar downward on its own , reacting to Wall Street 's plunge and subsequent price volatility , lower U.S. interest rates and signs of a slowing U.S. economy . 
Columbia Pictures is being acquired by Sony Corp. , which is based in Japan . 
The work force provides the third arm of the `` alliance . '' 
The key will be whether Arizona real estate turns around or at least stabilizes , he said . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Tribune closed at $ 49.375 , down $ 4.75 . 
`` The obligation is totally unwarranted , '' the statement said . 
`` It should read , `` Have You Anything Left ? '' 
Mr. Gross said he had hoped that a cost savings of $ 450 million would result in even greater growth than the 20 % annual earnings increase AT&T has told analysts it expects in the future . 
Students also are taught to return clients ' phone calls immediately and to treat the support staff with respect . 
`` The perception out there is that we are very conservative and we only sell one type of suit , '' Mr. Roberti says , referring to Brooks Brothers ' signature three-button `` sack suit , '' with a center-vented jacket and boxy fit . 
While volatility wo n't go away , he said , `` Volatility is greater than program trading . 
However , the Fed limited the revenue that banks could earn from these new underwriting activities to no more than 10 % of the revenue earned from other securities activities long open to banks , such as dealing in U.S. Treasurys . 
Susan Rogin , a consultant to abortion-rights activists in the state , takes comfort from the fact that the state 's House abortion opponents `` have n't been able to muster the votes to overturn a veto on abortion in 16 years . '' 
`` We are n't Philip Morris Cos. , '' says Bertrand de Galle , chairman of government-owned Societe Nationale d'Exploitation Industrielle des Tabacs & Allumettes S.A. , known as Seita . 
Although Mr. Brawer 's appointment as president was long expected , the move on Sept. 25 precipitated the resignation of Alan Lesk as senior vice president of sales and merchandising . 
PACS GIVE and receive in a debatable duet with employees ' favored charities . 
Thus , the leverage has amplified the funds ' portfolio losses . 
Even so , `` We 're looking for chaos , '' said George Gray , a deputy district director at the California Department of Transportation . 
Some of our sources in Thailand say the notorious old Khmer Rouge leader , Pol Pot , has been holed up this summer in Khmer Rouge camps near the Thai-Cambodian border . 
The bill also imposes the California auto-emissions standards on all cars nationwide , as if a car registered in Big Sky , Montana , needed to be as clean as one driven in Los Angeles . 
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks . 
Similarly , visual images will be more vivid , sensational and , sometimes , gruesome . 
Last month , the complaints intensified and the massages ended . 
According to this theory , Warner executives , hoping to strengthen their relationships with the producers , encouraged Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters in their ambitions to build a major entertainment company . 
The increase of $ 1.25 a share is being made to settle shareholder litigation relating to SIBV-MS 's tender offer . 
In Hollywood , an average family can gain cachet from moving into a home vacated by the famous or near famous . 
The longer the time period , the less risk there is of losing money in the stock market . 
It did n't work . 
Hewlett-Packard is a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer maker . 
The approach worked well in the recent antitrust case in which Energy Transportation Systems Inc. sued Santa Fe Pacific Corp. over the transport of semi-liquefied coal -- the kind of case likely to make almost anyone 's eyes glaze over . 
For Republicans who began this campaign with such high hopes , all of this is deeply frustrating . 
e - In Canadian dollars . 
In Humphrey Bogart 's nightclub , Victor Laszlo leads Free French sympathizers in `` La Marseillaise '' to drown out the Nazis . 
General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. are now going head to head in the markets for shares of Jaguar PLC , as GM got early clearance from the Federal Trade Commission to boost its stake in the British luxury car maker . 
`` The pain is too great . 
Heating oil and gasoline futures ended higher as well . 
David Tunick , the president of David Tunick Inc. , a New York gallery , says scholars question the authenticity of the Rubens . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring . 
`` The whole idea here is the automobile and oil companies have joint customers , '' said Keith McHenry , a senior vice president of technology at Amoco Corp . 
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration . 
Though analysts say competition will probably hold down increases in retail energy prices , many expect some of the wholesale rise to be passed along to the consumer before the end of the year . 
Broward County School District , Florida -- $ 185 million of school district general bonds , via a First Boston Corp. group . 
`` On the contrary , it shows a corporation reacting swiftly and aggressively to very difficult issues in largely uncharted waters . '' 
Federal investigators have identified the problem in last July 's crash of a United Airlines flight in Iowa : a structural flaw that developed during the making of a titanium engine disk . 
Everyone around me lives well . 
Minpeco attorneys said they would appeal the decision to a federal district court . 
`` We had a lot of people who threw in the towel today , '' said Earl Ellis , a partner in Benjamin Jacobson & Sons , a specialist in trading UAL stock on the Big Board . 
The unit , which is the holding company for Esselte 's non-Swedish units , accounted for 58 % of sales and 71 % of operating profit last year . 
Similarly , 57 % of respondents own shares in a money-market mutual fund , and 33 % own municipal bonds . 
`` I know it 's not over , '' a sober-faced Mr. Corry acknowledged while greeting steel suppliers in New York on Oct. 12 and inviting them to a buffet of salmon and sushi in honor of Kobe Steel Ltd. , USX 's partner in a steel mill in Lorain , Ohio . 
Says Mr. Bauman : `` If things get really tough , I can always auction it off at Sotheby 's . 
General Dynamics appealed to the high court , backed by numerous business trade groups , arguing that the appeals court definition restricts the defense too severely . 
This month , the Food and Drug Administration expressed concern that Americans might someday , in various forms , ingest too much psyllium . 
In the latest week , funds open to institutions alone grew by $ 1.8 billion . 
Frank L. Mingo , one of the pioneers of advertising targeted at black audiences , died at the age of 49 after a stroke . 
Sales amounted to 1.011 trillion yen , climbing 29 % from 787.02 billion yen . 
However , they said the company 's flat revenue was a disappointment , and an indication that sales of Polaroid 's new conventional film in the U.S. have been sluggish . 
But even on the federal bench , specialization is creeping in , and it has become a subject of sharp controversy on the newest federal appeals court . 
Columbia , S.C . 
`` Sometimes a shakeout is healthy , '' said Drexel 's Mr. Feinman . 
Its mortality rate for males over 35 is about 50 % higher than West Germany 's , and 50 % higher in hazard areas than the national average . 
Before 1974 , a President could `` impound , '' or refuse to spend , funds appropriated by Congress . 
Either way it was a pity , because Mr. Stolzman offered the most substantial music of the evening just after intermission : Steve Reich 's `` New York Counterpoint , '' one of a series of Reich works that juxtapose a live performer with recorded tracks of his or her own playing . 
The noncallable issue , which is puttable back to the company Nov. 1 , 1994 , was priced at a spread of 62.5 basis points above the Treasury 's five-year note . 
Maidenform generated such memorable campaigns as `` I dreamed I ... in my Maidenform bra , '' and `` The Maidenform woman . 
While a decline in orders for cars and civilian airplanes pulled down the orders total , an enormous jump in orders for heavy military equipment propped it up . 
COMPANIES SEEKING to make insurers pay for pollution cleanup win court victory . 
Competition in the sale of complete bikes is heating up too . 
I know many schoolteachers and , on the whole , they are seriously committed to conscientious teaching . 
The stock slid $ 1.875 on more than four times average daily volume . 
Millicom Inc. said it is one of two companies to receive a license to introduce and operate a cellular mobile telephone system in Pakistan . 
The company , which makes data base systems and software , said it expects to report a loss for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
And by adding equity , DLJ would seem to be acknowledging that credit risk was a concern . 
She issued a separate statement , separating herself from a Commonwealth document reasserting the political value of imposing sanctions against South Africa . 
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans . 
We ca n't lose sight of that . 
Most banking issues retreated after a sector downgrade by Warburg Securities , although National Westminister showed strength on positive comments from brokerage firms about its long-term prospects . 
Bond prices were barely higher . 
Sponsors are naturally counting on their ability to keep ahead of tuition inflation with investment returns . 
In an effort to determine whether a caller has reason to sue , Cane lawyers review documents and perform research , if necessary , with the help of three law clerks and several support staffers . 
None sustained `` significant '' damage , a spokesman said , adding that `` the delicate manufacturing process machines were checked and were all found to be operating normally . '' 
`` Even though we 'll still compete against Mitsubishi , we can also work jointly on some projects , and we 'll gain a lot of sourcing flexibility , '' Mr. Stern contends . 
Kenneth Olshan , Wells Rich 's chairman , did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
Although Coopers has n't been courted by other major accounting firms for a merger , it is benefiting greatly from fallout from the Deloitte-Touche merger . 
The operation , which has been slow to respond to consumers ' shifting tastes away from fried foods , has been developing a grilled-chicken product that may be introduced nationally at the end of next year . 
`` There are going to be very clear winners and very clear losers , '' says Cynthia Turk , a Touche Ross & Co. retail consultant . 
The transaction has been approved by Kyle 's board , but requires the approval of the company 's shareholders . 
In fact , yesterday the administration and Congress were still differing on what had been agreed to . 
The mines produced a total of 110,000 tons of copper in 1988 . 
That 's because you have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy and the effort required to sell and service the whole package . 
A Canadian government agency conditionally approved proposed exports to the U.S. of natural gas from big , untapped fields in the Mackenzie River delta area of the western Canadian Arctic . 
Paris shares had a similar reaction , but most other European bourses posted gains , as did all major Asian and Pacific stock markets . 
The only thing a lot of these lenders can get out of their mouth now is : ` Pay me in 60 days . ' '' 
It was a nightmare , '' says Susan Noble , an investment manager at Robert Fleming Holdings Ltd. 's International Investment Management unit in London . 
Here are auction details : 
Indeed , one of his first actions as leader was to visit a gritty machine factory on the outskirts of Berlin and wander among the workers -- a la Gorbachev . 
Quebecor also publishes a second tabloid in Montreal , the struggling 18-month-old Montreal Daily News ; dailies in Quebec City and Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and dozens of weeklies covering most of Quebec . 
Among its restructuring measures , the company said it plans to sell 53 of its 453 branch offices and to lay off 800 employees . 
If there 's somethin' strange in your neighborhood ... 
Investment-grade corporate , municipal and mortgage-backed securities also fell . 
The Manhattan U.S. attorney 's office stressed criminal cases from 1980 to 1987 , averaging 43 for every 100,000 adults . 
`` He has n't added anything , '' Mr. Levine said , predicting the board will again reject Mr. Green 's proposal . 
I find it troubling . '' 
But while history can suggest what is reasonable to expect there 's no guarantee that the past will repeat itself . 
Greenville , Miss . 
Magnetic brain tweaking started in the early 1900s , when researchers produced flashes of light in the visual field with magnets . 
The Canadian government also has recently opened new trade offices in San Diego ; San Juan , Puerto Rico ; Miami ; Princeton , N.J. , and Denver , bringing the total number of such Canadian offices in the U.S. to 27 . 
Last month , program trading accounted for a record 13.8 % of average daily Big Board volume . 
Coda Energy Inc. said it arranged a $ 50 million credit facility with NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , of Charlotte , N.C . 
CompuServe provides about 20 % of both sales and earnings . 
As of March 31 , the Daiwa group had shareholder equity of 801.21 billion yen ( $ 5.64 billion ) . 
With reduced exports and rising imports , South Korea 's trade surpluses with the U.S. and Europe between January and September fell sharply from a year ago , the Customs Administration said . 
It said the reduction reflects impaired business prospects and reduced financial flexibility caused by continuing losses at the maker of Winchester disk drives . 
It added another 5 % Monday before stocks rallied . 
Cadillac may be on to something . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors committee backed off a move to come up with its own alternative proposals to the carrier 's bankruptcy reorganization plans , according to sources familiar with the committee . 
The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . 
For starters , some people call Ed and Lorraine Warren . 
The pollution is also killing forests and destroying buildings that date back to the Middle Ages . 
The U.S. has voiced opposition to China 's bid for GATT membership , saying China has yet to undertake needed economic reforms . 
Durable goods orders for September , due out tomorrow , are expected to show a slip of 1 % , compared with August 's 3.9 % increase . 
The two-part issue consists of $ 200 million of senior subordinated reset notes maturing in 1997 and $ 150 million of subordinated floating rate notes also maturing in 1997 . 
Reuben Mark , chief executive of Colgate-Palmolive , said advertisers lack detailed demographic and geographic breakdowns of magazines ' audiences . 
You 'll remember when you see the stunning footage taken from inside a hurricane 's eye , in this edition of `` NOVA . 
The last federal execution before the Supreme Court 's 1972 ruling banning the death penalty took place in 1963 , meaning that the federal government did n't exercise its execution authority for eight years . 
Bank Building , which expects to report a fourth-quarter loss , said it engaged advisers to `` explore financial alternatives for the company including the possible sale of the company or one or more of its units . '' 
You are absolutely wrong , however , in opining that this position is some kind of `` flip-flop , '' something newly arrived at as a result of reading the opinion polls . 
`` Some of those folks were coming back , '' says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman , of discount brokers Quick & Reilly Group Inc . 
The central offices for both regions were previously located in Ludwigshafen , Basf headquarters . 
Not so the Soviets . 
A final agreement has not been signed , and the moves will not have a material effect on the company , Gillette said . 
`` We did n't rubber-stamp everything that came to us , '' Mr. Lynch says . 
As a result of the refinancing , the company said the interest on the debt will fall to slightly more than 11 % from slightly more than 14 % . 
And heavy-industry lobbyists are quietly discussing the possibility of reinstating the investment tax credit . 
Michael Ruettgers , who had been executive vice president , operations , was named president and chief operating officer . 
Afterward , as the A 's toasted their victory with beer ( they dispensed with traditional champagne showers in deference to the quake victims ) , Stewart said he thought his championship-team ring would outshine his individual trophy . 
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week . 
The proposal reiterates the U.S. desire to scrap or reduce a host of trade-distorting subsidies on farm products . 
In many other institutions , scientists are shunning contacts with venture investors until the NIH policy is settled . 
The expansion will set off a marketing war among the big hotel-casinos . 
The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that appeal to intellectuals , the media and the imagination , but are full of practical pitfalls . 
Ironically , Caltrans this year began working on a second round of seismic reinforcements of freeways around the state , this time wrapping freeway columns in `` steel blankets '' to reinforce them . 
With its recently revised guidelines for RICO , Justice makes it clear that the law currently holds too many incentives for abuse by prosecutors . 
In a free market , his insurance rates can be raised to recover insurance-company losses . 
That is gilding the lily . 
U.S. Trust also created a four-member office of the chairman , effective Feb. 1 . 
Others point out that lawyers in small communities have always had a feel for public sentiment -- and used that to advantage . 
Even in the present uncertain investment climate , investors are preferring `` quality assets '' such as Treasury bills and bonds to gold , silver and platinum , dealers say . 
And he indicated that more substantial improvement is expected in the next couple of quarters . 
In the herbal lounge she specified a `` plaid knot garden '' decor . 
Anti-nuclear activists took a less positive view . 
Thus , an acquisition may prove the necessary course . 
The Revco bonds are high-yield , high-risk `` junk '' bonds ; holders have $ 750 million in claims against Revco , Mr. Schulte said . 
Now there 's an idea . 
When he gets calls , `` I do n't even have to consult '' with Mrs. Coleman , Mr. Masket says . 
The recently released leaders sat high atop a podium in one section of the stadium stands . 
As a result , Ireland did n't spurn the Soviets after they shot down a Korean Air Lines jetliner over the Sea of Japan in 1983 , though it suspended direct Moscow-Shannon flights for two months . 
Shearson , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Morgan Stanley & Co. and Salomon Inc. are discussing formation of a group to sell securities-price data . 
Pay raises of 60 % over the past three years have given many South Koreans the money to enjoy the things they were supplying the rest of the world . 
As conferees noted , scarce capital means the costs of control must be minimized through a broad menu of compliance choices for individual firms . 
Meanwhile , Bear Stearns 's 650 stock and bond salesmen saw thinner paychecks over the past year , which the company says reflected lower commission revenue caused by a decline in investor activity in the markets . 
The occasional Englishman tries to put on airs but we let it pass ... . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged about 80 points in slightly more than one hour after the opening bell . 
I have a question for Mr. Laband : How do I explain to the single mother of three standing in line next to me for the past three hours that the two bags of ice she needs to keep her children 's food edible will take her last $ 20 ? 
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % . 
The average six-month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
It was as short as 29 days at the start of this year , when rates were marching steadily upward , and hit 42 days in August . 
Mark T. Kuiper Jersey City , N.J . 
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar . 
You 'll find her there . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
The previous reports were based on remarks by British Air 's chief financial officer , Derek Stevens , who said any revised bid would have to include a lower purchase price to reflect the sharp drop in UAL 's stock in the past week . 
Atop them sit cars and trucks abandoned in a terrifying scramble to safety the day before . 
The indirectness of his later work reflects both an appetite for new genres and the hazards of art in the Arab world . 
The associations would like the court to include between three and six judges with specialized training . 
He was performing for pay , and why should anyone expect anything more ? 
`` If you want to be a player , you have to be in America , Europe and the Far East . 
Secretary of State Baker , in his first major arms-control speech , called for a new military relationship with Moscow to reduce `` first strike '' nuclear arms . 
The received Darwinian wisdom of the day said that animals living so long ago must be simple in design , limited in scope and ancestral to contemporary species . 
The disclosure follows last Friday 's news that Bond Corp. incurred an overall loss of A$ 980.2 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 , the largest loss in Australian corporate history . 
Even the boon to affiliate relations may be limited . 
`` You need one person to just take care of sales tax , '' says Jennie Tong , executive vice president of Lee Liu & Tong Advertising Inc. , New York . 
Intelogic Trace , a computer services company , was spun off to Datapoint holders in 1985 , after Mr. Edelman gained control . 
`` We must either integrate honestly or segregate honestly . '' 
And Mr. Shultz curtly told Mr. Abrams that the general should be told that only he could repair his tarnished image . 
Around Thanksgiving , the Solar Max satellite , which NASA repaired in orbit in 1984 , will tumble back into the Earth 's atmosphere . 
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said . 
In the year-ago quarter , the software developer reported pro forma earnings of $ 4.8 million , or 24 cents a share . 
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . '' 
The 13-week bills mature Jan. 25 , 1990 , and the 26-week bills mature April 26 , 1990 . 
Now , there have been a number of questions raised . '' 
Turner Broadcasting System Inc. said it formed a unit to make and distribute movies to theaters overseas and , eventually , to U.S. theaters , too . 
Many a piglet wo n't be born as a result , and many a ham will never hang in a butcher shop . 
Other analysts are nearly as pessimistic . 
Blocked by patent protection from following suit , Dictaphone decided to go a step further and cut the cassette in half again -- down to the length of a paperclip . 
The bank , which previously said it was for sale , said it has received no offers and that its board will review whether to continue soliciting bids . 
`` The extent of the claims wo n't be known for some time , '' Mr. Leach said . 
`` This is paying a big price to maintain their virility as the world 's leading insurance broker , '' said Philip Olsen , an analyst at Kitcat & Aitken , a U.K. brokerage firm . 
They try to figure out the long-term results the person needs to meet major goals . 
The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 or less at major banks was 7.96 % in the week ended Tuesday , according to Banxquote Money Markets , a New York information service . 
Total return is price changes plus interest income . 
Chemex Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1.2 million units consisting of two shares of common stock and one common warrant , via PaineWebber Inc . 
The president apparently will have only one bill to push , Sen. Packwood 's , and at least some of the dissident Democrats plan to support it . 
The company already markets a wide range of detergents , food , household and health-care products . 
Estimated volume was a light two million ounces . 
Still , analysts do n't expect the buy-back to significantly affect per-share earnings in the short term . 
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions . 
Advanced Medical Technologies Inc. said it purchased 93 % of a unit of Henley Group Inc . 
The media company said it purchased Cable USA Inc. , a privately held cable television system in Carroll County , Ga. , a suburb of Atlanta . 
Pencil pushers chew and put the plastic models behind their ears just like traditional pencils made of glued strips of California incense cedar filled with ceramic lead . 
Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 
`` If there 's any way you can do it , you ought to go to Idaho and go fishing for a while . '' 
`` It 's all anybody wants to talk about , '' says Richard Posner , executive vice president for Credit Exchange Inc. , a leading credit service . 
He says , `` Within a few weeks , we made deals with the government of Rwanda and everyone who had ever met or talked to Dian Fossey . 
The chairman promised Mr. Stone a decision within two weeks . 
He said all three non-food operations are profitable . 
It now will be played mostly for the record , and should be wrapped up as quickly as possible , without `` off '' days . 
Over at Conradies , the general store , a black stock boy scurries to help an elderly white woman with her packages . 
Ingersoll Publications Co. agreed to buy the New Haven Register in a transaction valued at $ 275 million from Goodson Newspaper Group Inc . 
The Intel 486 chip can process 15 million instructions per second , or MIPS , while Intel 's previous 386 chip could handle only 3 to 6 MIPS . 
Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president , said the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer . 
Even though the currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar , with a fixed exchange rate of HK$ 7.8 to the American currency , the U.S. and Hong Kong economies do n't always move in lock step , making it difficult to predict where interest rates in the colony will go . 
The chains include Bloomingdale 's , owned by Campeau Corp. , Toronto ; Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field 's , owned by B.A.T Industries PLC , London ; and B. Altman & Co. and Sakowitz Inc. , owned by Hooker Corp. , which is now being managed by a court-appointed provisional liquidator . 
Mr. Conway said the Fox shows appearing on nights when Paramount-MCA shows would n't be offered could be promoted on the programs produced by Paramount-MCA . 
Anxious allies of President Mikhail Gorbachev are cautioning media leaders to take it easy , to be careful not to do anything that could be used by Mr. Gorbachev 's opponents . 
The jury also convicted them of extortion in obtaining a $ 20,000 , interest-free loan from a Wedtech officer . 
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club . 
Actually , the funds do fluctuate , but beyond the third decimal place . 
These campaign problems have echoed difficulties Mr. Dinkins has run into before . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % two months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % four months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
The final package is expected to be announced within the next week . 
Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. said he may cut his earnings estimate for the current fiscal year because he had expected at least some mainframe profit this year . 
I was in Stinson Beach when the quake rolled through town . 
The $ 12 million lavished on the Rubens , for example , was a record price for the artist and maybe twice its value , given a dispute among scholars about its provenance . 
The White House said Mr. Quayle 's staff had invited the mayor to two meetings of the vice president and groups of local officials and had offered to dispatch a helicopter to pick him up . 
In recent days , Mr. Krenz has sought to project a kinder image . 
Longer term , however , the buy-back is expected to increase earnings , especially after 1990 , Mrs. Lidgerwood said . 
As a result , both may now have virtual veto power over any UAL transaction . 
Stock-index arbitrage is the most controversial form of program trading because it accelerates market moves , if not actually causing them . 
Additional shares may be bought or sold in the open market , in private transactions or otherwise , depending on market conditions and other factors . 
The Vatican , which denies any wrongdoing , paid $ 250 million to the Milan bank 's creditors as a `` goodwill gesture '' in 1985 . 
Merieux , a vaccine manufacturer based in Lyon , France , is 51%-held by French state-owned Rhone-Poulenc S.A . 
`` Go run the university . '' 
GM lawyers have been working with technicians to develop more uniform welding procedures -- the way a vehicle is welded has a lot to do with its durability . 
The company had been experiencing softening margins because of increased sales of software applications , which have lower margins than do operating systems . 
At this week 's New York City bond sale , traders expect yields on the 20-year New York bonds to nearly match the 7.9 % yield on 30-year Treasury bonds . 
The majority decision contended that the phrase was a rational interpretation of Mr. Masson 's description of himself as a `` private asset but a public liability '' to Anna Freud and that in any case it was not defamatory . 
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one-eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares . 
That injunction resulted from litigation between Temple and Sea Containers last May . 
Tymnet is a major network linking computers . 
Hudson 's Bay Co. announced terms of a previously proposed rights issue that is expected to raise about 396 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 337 million ) net of expenses . 
Also , most of the ramps connecting the city to its main link to the south , the 101 freeway , have been closed for repairs . 
The company said its junk-bond portfolio after these moves had been reduced to less than 1 % of assets . 
Still , suggestions ' net savings per 100 employees is $ 274,475 in Japan vs. $ 24,891 in the U.S. . 
More seriously , FmHA has carried several billion dollars of defaulted loans at face value . 
They then had no choice in many cases but to sell the contracts at prevailing prices -- in most cases at a substantial loss . 
In its order , the state regulatory agency said the company `` must be held accountable for the mistakes made in the management of the plant 's operation . '' 
While competitors moved production offshore in response to the sagging competitiveness of Japanese factories , Sansui lacked the money to build new plants in Southeast Asia . 
Lotus Development Corp. is in talks to sell its Signal stock-quote service to Infotechnology Inc. , the New York parent of Financial News Network , people familiar with the negotiations said . 
The two surveys , which asked different questions , were conducted using national random probability samples . 
Tons of delectably rotting potatoes , barley and wheat will fill damp barns across the land as thousands of farmers turn the state 's buyers away . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 28 , 1989 , through Oct. 28 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 27 . 
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said . 
That would increase Prospect 's ownership of the company 's fully-diluted shares outstanding to 20 % from 14.1 % . 
Mr. Stein said Woodstream is `` marginally profitable '' but has n't performed as well as expected . 
A leveling off of farmer selling tied to the harvest also removed some of the downward pressure on futures contract prices . 
Cross & Trecker said negotiations are under way for the sale of another company , RobertsCorp . 
Manville and a spokeswoman for the trust said that the two are discussing the proposal but a decision has n't been made . 
But the magazine was slower than its competitors to come up with its regional editions , and until last year offered fewer of them than did competitors . 
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
The carpet division had 1988 sales of $ 368.3 million , or almost 14 % of Armstrong 's $ 2.68 billion total revenue . 
British customs officers said they 'd arrested eight men sneaking 111 rare snakes into Britain -- including one man who strapped a pair of boa constrictors under his armpits . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Fannie Mae also said James A. Aliber , chairman of First Federal of Michigan and a director since 1985 , moved up the date of his retirement from the board to accommodate Mr. Johnson 's election as a director . 
Zero-coupon CDs are only a small portion of the $ 1 trillion-plus in CDs outstanding , and those purchased on the secondary market are an even smaller part of the total . 
Volume on the First Section was estimated at 900 million shares , up from 582 million shares Monday . 
In a sharply written letter , Rep. David Obey , chairman of the House appropriations subcommittee for foreign operations , warned Mr. Bush that the result of his `` ultimatum '' could weaken efforts to accommodate the administration elsewhere . 
The index fell 151.20 Friday . 
Credit Agricole officials could n't be immediately reached for comment . 
The company said the redemption is permitted because the price of Addington 's stock has equaled or exceeded $ 19.60 for 20 consecutive trading days , a condition set in the terms of the debentures . 
The large increase in Customs Service air-interdiction funds is also intended to counter smuggling , and the annual appropriations level has more than quadrupled in five years . 
Propylene glycols are used in making personal-care products such as shampoo , and urethane polyols are used in making the polyurethane foam found in furniture cushioning and other products . 
All the issues were priced at a spread of 37 basis points above the Treasury strips with similar maturities . 
EPO , or erythropoietin , is a protein the human body makes to stimulate the growth of red blood cells . 
Mitsui expects the antibiotic products to be exported to Southeast Asia and Africa . 
Charles Gardner , a former Unisys vice president , and James Neal , a former company consultant , have admitted participating in this and other bribery schemes . 
The government 's primary economic-forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing . 
Texas Instruments , which had reported Friday that third-quarter earnings fell more than 30 % from the year-ago level , went down 2 1\/8 to 33 on 1.1 million shares . 
Comprehensive Care Corp. , which has agreed to be acquired by closely held First Hospital Corp. , reported a $ 4.7 million loss for its Aug. 31 first quarter and said it is negotiating an extension of senior bank debt past its Oct. 18 due date . 
He does this in at least three of his solo pieces . 
Some diaries simply are n't worth snooping in . 
IBM , which said Motorola is paying just a nominal fee to cover the 21-month agreement , acknowledged some companies had turned down its invitation to join in . 
Specifications include a polished bronze sculpture at the center of each showroom and a tile bridge spanning a stream that flows into the building from outside . 
It 's not a zero-sum game . '' 
Coniston , a New York investment partnership , awaits a vote by TW 's shareholders , scheduled for Friday , on Coniston 's $ 34-a-share , or $ 1.66 billion , offer for TW . 
Now 's the time to make the political case that Presidents need the line-item weapon to restore discipline to the budget . 
While franchisees were having a tough time holding sales , McDonald 's company-operated stores posted hefty gains for the nine months , with sales per company-operated unit rising $ 20,000 . 
Then , as growers bred them more for looks , and to satisfy supermarket chains ' demands of long-term storage , the Red went into decline . 
The talk of a sales tax rise follows a rebuff from Congress on the question of how much the federal government is willing to spend to aid in California 's earthquake relief efforts . 
`` There should be no great rush for investors to buy this . 
And a squad of influential former Senate aides employed by the Wall Street firm Salomon Brothers came to the Capitol in a vain attempt to strip the provision . 
In the affidavits , Mr. Peters says he was `` shocked '' when Mr. Ross refused a meeting and made it clear he would stop them . 
Coke now leads Pepsi in market share in caffeine-free diet colas but trails Pepsi in sales of caffeine-free sugared colas , according to Beverage Digest . 
Ethiopian politics are the most sophisticated , secretive and Byzantine in all of black Africa . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Excluding the one-time charges , the company would have posted earnings of $ 298 million , or 73 cents a share . 
`` Our ordnance business has been hurt very badly by the slowdown , '' says Arch Scurlock , TransTechnology 's chairman . 
Hudson 's researchers estimated that it would cost less than $ 650 million a year to test the entire population between the ages of 12 and 65 years old . 
Grumman Corp. won a $ 58.9 million Navy contract for 12 F-14 aircraft . 
Aldus , Seattle , makes computer software products . 
`` We want it to be a '90s kind of image . '' 
They are already industrialized ... . 
Robert Borden Santa Monica , Calif . 
Earthquake insurance typically runs $ 200 or more a year for a small house . 
Long considered a potential takeover target , Navigation Mixte had hoped Allianz would help protect it from raiders . 
Ciba-Geigy and Chiron have made a joint bid of C$ 866 million for Connaught , and Institut Merieux S.A. of France has made a rival bid of C$ 942 million . 
Firms Walk Fine Line In Distributing Profits 
Revenue rose to $ 1.5 billion from $ 1.1 billion . 
S.G. Warburg , a rumored target of some European banking concerns , finished 22 higher at 400 . 
But unofficially , senior navy officials sharply criticize the Rafale as an air force plane ill-suited to carrier use . 
Still , like the auto makers , when dealing with Mr. Everyman the Pentagon sticks to the tried and true . 
Charles A. Donohoo , sole proprieter of a Louisville , Ky. , demolition company , was found guilty of violating the Superfund law as well as the Clean Air Act . 
Did n't feel a thing , but noticed some strange bird behavior . 
The announcement got wide exposure in the Japanese media , and even moved some pharmaceutical stocks yesterday . 
Bancroft Convertible Fund Inc. , New York , likely will reject a renewed offer from Florida investor Robert I. Green to buy Bancroft for $ 18.95 a share . 
For example , if a company posted a loss of $ 100 million from buy-out interest payments , the existing rule would allow the concern to be able to receive a refund from the tax it paid from 1986 through 1989 , when it may have been a profitable public company . 
Hugely popular , it is far more flexible than straight whole life . 
He calculates that the recent market slide translated into a 5 % to 7 % reduction in IPO proceeds to companies . 
`` The only response to the challenge being presented to us by the East , '' Mr. Mitterrand told the European Parliament in Strasbourg yesterday , `` is to reinforce and accelerate the union and cohesion of the European Community . '' 
During one recent episode , all the advertisements were in English . 
Stretching his arms in his silky white shirt and squeaking his black shoes , he lectures a visitor about the way to sell American real estate and boasts about his friendship with Margaret Thatcher 's son . 
The broker , Thomas Beairsto of Merrill Lynch 's Morristown , N.J. , office , refuses to discuss the matter with a reporter , referring inquiries to Merrill Lynch officials in New York . 
Under the statute , agencies are provided `` defenses that normally are n't available in the private sector , '' Mr. Ruvolo says . 
But congressional Democrats have blocked the same from occurring at the federal level , with the exception of a 1988 law allowing capital punishment for certain drug-related homicides . 
It 's a process that never really ends . '' 
At the same time , many of Spain 's traditional export markets in Latin America and other developing areas faced a sharp decline in economic growth . 
Instead , both congressional and administration officials agreed , it grew out of talks about coup-planning in Panama that were initiated by the administration in July 1988 and stretched into last October . 
Many airlines are talking about cargo ventures , and there have been rumors about such a tie between JAL and European airlines . 
Kidder competitors are n't outwardly hostile to the firm , as many are to a tough competitor like Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. that does n't have Kidder 's long history . 
He has n't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal . 
Insofar as Mr. Dingell has a special interest in NIH and the institutions that receive its funding , the Rockefeller scientists were no doubt discomfited by Dr. Baltimore 's unflattering public opinion of this congressional patron , whose behavior reminded Dr. Baltimore of the McCarthy era . 
Retail sales are plummeting , while consumer prices still are rising . 
For several months , there was optimism all around . 
The company said it has n't named a successor to Ronald Bufton , the vice president who resigned . 
Costa Rica reached an agreement with its creditor banks that is expected to cut that government 's $ 1.8 billion in bank debt by as much as 60 % . 
Lights flickered on and off ; plaster dropped from the ceiling , the walls still shook and an evacuation alarm blared outside . 
According to department policy , prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers ' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made . 
Industry executives said Interpublic approached Saatchi in August about buying its Campbell-Mithun-Esty unit , but was turned down by Chairman Maurice Saatchi . 
SEPARATED and divorced men and women are far more likely to be smokers than married persons , the Centers for Disease Control discovers ... . 
`` In that sense , the whole debate is sort of a fraud , '' argues a Democratic Senate staff member . 
Many law firms sponsor their own programs . 
`` Apparently the commission did not really believe in this ideal . '' 
Members of the Senate Banking Committee know Mr. Breeden from working on the thrift-bailout bill , and the relationship generally remains warm . 
( Some 64 % of items offered at the Guterman auction were sold , at an average price of $ 343,333 . 
This does not mean that the Federal Reserve does not already play an important indirect role in the stock market . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it received a three-year contract valued at more than $ 15 million to provide network , credit-card and other telecommunications services to Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Moreover , unlike Mr. Buffett , who often holds big stakes in companies for years , Mr. Steinhardt has n't in the past done much long-term investing . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Last July , his committee rejected a Reagan administration plan to support a coup in Panama . 
A Guinness spokesman declined to comment . 
Kellogg indicated that it has room to grow without adding facilities . 
Unisys dropped 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 after posting a third-quarter loss of $ 4.25 a share , including restructuring charges , but other important technology issues were mixed . 
For example , Mr. Arbel says , stocks of small companies are selling for about 19 times cash flow . 
If there 's going to be a race to the courthouse , it has n't started yet . 
The report takes a more alarmed view of AIDS and recommends a more sweeping response than many other analyses . 
The young leave , especially girls who wo n't milk cows by hand . 
While the third period contained no major surprises , Mr. Lothson said , the results show how sensitive the multinationals can be to developments in a single country such as Brazil . 
Experts estimate the first sets of HDTVs wo n't be available for another five to 10 years , and will probably retail for more than $ 3,000 each in today 's dollars . 
`` We continue to believe the position we 've taken is reasonable , '' a Morgan Stanley official said . 
The typical Glass audience , which is more likely to be composed of music students than their teachers , certainly does . 
Daniel James President Mexico-United States Institute 
In late New York trading , sterling stood at $ 1.5765 , down from $ 1.6145 late Wednesday . 
According to a spokeswoman , they also relate to changes Franklin will have to make in its accounting procedures to comply with new federal capitalization requirements for thrifts . 
Mr. Bince , the trust 's associate executive trustee , declares the bidding a failure . 
Wellington was closed . 
According to the proxy statement , James E. Cayne , 55 , Bear Stearns 's president , made $ 3.9 million ; an executive vice president , Michael L. Tarnopol , 53 , made nearly $ 3.4 million ; and two executive vice presidents , Vincent J. Mattone , 44 , and William J. Michaelcheck , 42 , made about $ 3.3 million each . 
`` The high ratio reflects the fact that silver is still regarded as about a half-industrial metal and its price lagging relative to gold says that traders are expecting a weakening economy , '' he said . 
Green allowed residents to re-enter ; yellow allowed limited access ; red allowed residents one last entry to gather everything they could within 15 minutes . 
Money manager Robert Ross , head of Duncan Ross Associates Ltd. in Vancouver , British Columbia , says stocks would have to fall 15 % to 20 % before they are competitive with less risky investment alternatives . 
These include Jennifer Tilly 's audition to be the Baker Boys ' girl singer . 
The bonds are tentatively priced to yield from 6.90 % in 1996 to 7.55 % in 2023 . 
`` The stock market is sick because profits are crumbling , '' says Michael K. Evans , president of Evans Economics Inc. , Washington . 
( Both men declined to be interviewed for this article . ) 
Jessica Mathews , vice president of World Resources Institute in Washington , D.C. , says that perhaps a quarter of Poland 's soil is too contaminated for safe farming because of air pollution . 
Carat will receive its WCRS stake as part of payment for the 50 % Carat stake that WCRS is buying , while Eurocom said it expects to pay about # 32 million for its WCRS stake . 
The flood of claims and counter-claims worried consumers and actually hurt sales of the new cereals . 
The IL-4 receptor is one of five such receptors to be developed and tested by Receptech Corp. , a spinoff of Immunex , through a proposed $ 30 million initial public offering . 
Polly Peck International Inc. 's agreement to acquire 51 % of Sansui Electric Co. proves that foreign companies can acquire Japanese companies -- if the alternative for the Japanese company is extinction . 
Consolidated Freightways Inc. reported a 77 % drop in third-quarter net income , citing expected losses in its Emery Worldwide shipping business . 
Issues typically come with `` credit enhancements , '' such as a bank letter of credit , and thus have received high credit ratings . 
Such a countermove could end Jaguar 's hopes for remaining independent and British-owned . 
But nobody did such a piece , reflecting a contemporary axiom : the more a scandal has to do with a congressman 's duties as a congressman , the less likely it is to catch the fancy of a network . 
Many of the RJR securities , which had been trading near their 52-week lows earlier in the session , bounced back after the company 's announcement that it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle Foods , a unit of the Swiss-based food concern . 
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F-15 weapons system trainer . 
But the broadcasts continued through the blacked-out night , with pictures of the sandwiched highway ganglion in Oakland and firefighting in the Marina district . 
Boise , Idaho-based Morrison had losses totaling $ 186 million over the two years ended in December , but it has surged back to profitability as a result of cost-cutting and shedding of unprofitable operations . 
But opposition legislators and others calling for help for South Korea 's renters say the proposed changes do n't go far enough to make it possible for ordinary people to buy a home . 
American institutional investors have never had a large appetite for Japanese equities . 
Wall Street traders say that , with institutional brokerage commissions far lower than in the 1970s , securities firms ca n't afford to take the risk of buying too much stock . 
Compound yields assume reinvestment of dividends and that current yields continue for a year . 
In a letter , prosecutors told Mr. Antar 's lawyers that because of the recent Supreme Court rulings , they could expect that any fees collected from Mr. Antar may be seized . 
Because of the tax consequences of zero-coupon investments -- income tax is payable in the year interest is accrued , although interest is n't actually paid until maturity -- zero-coupon CDs are usually sold for tax-advantaged accounts to finance things like retirement and children 's education . 
Kennametal is a carbide-products and cutting-tools company . 
Eight people , including a supervisor of Security Pacific National Bank 's central vault , were arrested in an investigation of an alleged drug money-laundering operation . 
The retail participation dropped to an average 18.2 % in 1988 , and shriveled to barely 14 % some months during the year . 
Experts on California tort law say protections afforded government agencies in such cases are pretty ironclad . 
But do n't do anything rash . 
Elisa Byler , a St. Louis masseuse , won over officials at Emerson Electric Co. , a maker of electrical and electronic equipment , by providing documents and other articles trumpeting the therapeutic benefits of massage . 
In over-the-counter trading Friday , Weisfield 's gained $ 9.50 to $ 39 . 
At the same time , there appears to be a market for news-oriented programming ; Turner Broadcasting System Inc. 's Cable News Network has its highest ratings , outside of prime time , on Saturday mornings . 
DARMAN'S MANEUVERS on the budget and capital gains hurt him in Congress . 
He distinguished the two cases : In Salinger , Judge Leval noted , the quotations were for the purpose of enlivening the biography rather than of proving points about the subject . 
Mr. Thal says that Elizabeth Taylor , a client , `` hates being called ` Liz . ' ... 
Computer Sciences would n't disclose the proposed purchase price for Cleveland Consulting , which counsels companies on logistics and supply . 
In this respect , it would be helpful if our political leaders were mute , rather than eloquently `` concerned . '' 
Occidental Petroleum 's third-quarter net income rose 2.9 % to $ 108 million , or 39 cents a share , from $ 105 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The doctor was among dozens of people milling through East Berlin 's Gethsemane Church Saturday morning . 
Young & Rubicam 's Pact 
The trial had been postponed to allow Dunkin ' Donuts to seek alternatives to DD Acquisition 's offer . 
The FT-SE 100 largely remained within an 11-point range establshed within the first hour of trading before it eased to an intraday low late in the session when a flurry of program selling pushed Wall Street lower . 
U.S. terrorism experts also say they are highly uncertain about the veracity of the separate documents leaked to the New York Times . 
The board increased by one to 26 members . 
Mr. Brady also said he expects the leveraged buy-out phenomenon to `` end under ( its ) own weight . '' 
Nissan started advertising Infiniti fully eight months before the cars hit American showrooms . 
S.A. Brewing Holdings Ltd. began laying the groundwork to launch a rival offer for Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. 's Australian brewing operations . 
`` We do n't want to be known as ambulance chasers , '' says William Garrison , Lake View 's president . 
Such a focus is `` more profitable , more efficient and gives us a greater sense of control , '' said William A. Shane , Mercury 's senior executive vice president . 
`` But instead of gathering their input piecemeal , we formed the team , which reached consensus on the proposal objectives and produced a statement of work to guide all the functions that were involved . '' 
At the end of the exercise , the cash injection from Petronas will increase the bank 's paid-up capital to M$ 1.15 billion after virtually being wiped out by the new provisions . 
`` Over the next couple of years we would not be surprised to see Europe and international { sales } represent 50 % of the company 's revenues , '' he said . 
Total truck production fell 22 % from a year earlier to 315,546 units . 
`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco . 
In the corner of his reception room is a delicate antique desk piled high with dossiers . 
It was n't clear , however , whether the actions were related to a battle between the corporate raider and New York attorney Martin Ackerman for control of Datapoint Corp. , a San Antonio , Texas-based data-processing systems maker . 
FREDERICK 'S OF HOLLYWOOD Inc. , Los Angeles , said its board voted a 50 % increase in the specialty boutique-store operator 's semiannual dividend , to five cents a common share . 
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . '' 
The sell-off in New York City bonds was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainty in view of the impending mayoral election . 
The death rate from lung cancer of white males aged 35 to 44 in the mid-1970s was 13.4 per 100,000 , but the mortality rate of the same age group in the mid-1980s was 9.6 , a decline of 28.7 % . 
However , he acknowledges they `` have the option of taking a swat at me if they really want to . '' 
But the agency has n't yanked psyllium off store shelves . 
The U.S. automotive loss was a sharp reversal for a company that had reeled off 12 consecutive quarters of improved earnings until the 1989 second quarter . 
`` Magazines are not providing us in-depth information on circulation , '' said Edgar Bronfman Jr. , president and chief operating officer of Seagram , in a panel discussion . 
The bank had been suffering in late 1987 from a slew of bad real estate loans made in Arizona . 
The private suit was brought by three mentally retarded people who live in a group home in Moon . 
As recently as August , the company said it did n't foresee a need for substantial additions to reserves . 
Beijing lawmakers have called for jails to be built to house prostitutes and for severe punishment , including the death sentence , for anyone who induces or coerces women into prostitution . 
Production is expected to be about 40,000 barrels of oil a day after completion of the drilling program . 
`` The whole of Europe and the industrialized world is suffering from a breakdown in infrastructure investment , '' he says . 
If both copies of a second gene were then deleted , the polyps would progress to malignancy . 
Granges said in Vancouver , British Columbia , that the production halt will be phased in over a 10-week period . 
In 1986 , he settled an antitrust suit based on a taped telephone conversation of him proposing to Braniff 's president that they both raise fares 20 % . 
South African gold stocks ended marginally firmer . 
Chemicals that exceed these risk levels would be barred , but those that fall below these levels would be allowed . 
Was there a fiduciary breach in order to obtain personal gain ? 
In the 1988 third quarter , profit from continuing operations totaled $ 140.1 million . 
The Dow Jones industrials closed up 39.55 , at 2683.20 , after rising over 60 points in mid-afternoon . 
However , even USX executives who work closely with him are n't sure about his long-term goals . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8353 marks , down from 1.8355 marks Tuesday , and at 141.52 yen , up from 141.45 yen late Tuesday . 
Michael wo n't confirm the identities of any Easy Egg customers , nor will it say much of anything else . 
It noted , however , that it has n't determined any specific terms of a possible transaction . 
After years of wild swings , oil prices over the last 12 months have settled at around $ 15 to $ 20 a barrel . 
Peter Gumbel in Moscow contributed to this article . 
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group . 
Mr. Redford is slowing down a mindless , speeding maniac known as the progress of mankind . 
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting . 
Berlin 's Villa Grisebach will auction art works with pre-sale estimates of less than $ 1,600 on Nov. 25 . 
Ing . 
Dow said it already has agreements with Albert J. Smith Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of PSE , and certain other officers of the company under which Dow may buy about 40 % of the PSE common shares outstanding . 
One fan , seated several rows in front of the open , upper-deck auxiliary press section where I was stationed , faced the assembled newsies and laughingly shouted , `` We arranged that just for you guys ! '' 
In effect , McCaw has forced LIN 's hand by bidding $ 1.9 billion for the stake earlier this month . 
Such risk taking is an everyday matter for the brash Mr. Nadir , who is 25 % owner of Polly Peck as well as its chairman . 
Indeed , some of the bill 's requirements , including broad representation on the exchanges ' boards of directors and strong measures to prevent conflicts of interest , already have been put in place by the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange and other futures exchanges . 
He probably has n't done it for the cash . 
Osborn also operates Muzak franchises , entertainment properties and small cable-television systems . 
For those investors who believe -- or fear -- that 1990 will be a recession year , many economists and money managers agree on steps that can be taken to lower the risks in a portfolio . 
The conditions include not misrepresenting how many directories will be distributed , and agreeing to make refunds to directory advertisers if any misrepresentations are involved in the sale . 
Ginnie Mae 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 97 29\/32 , down 7\/32 ; 9 1\/2 % securities at 99 31\/32 , down 6\/32 ; and 10 % securities at 101 29\/32 , down 5\/32 . 
Using a recent average private-school cost of about $ 12,500 a year , T. Rowe Price 's planner prescribes $ 450 monthly if the plan begins when the child is six . 
Marcus W. Brauchli contributed to this article . 
His boss complained about neglect of other chores . 
Last year , the Cowboys ' share of that pie came to $ 17.6 million . 
Last year the public was afforded a preview of Ms. Bartlett 's creation in a tablemodel version , at a BPC exhibition . 
It was a predictable revival of her prize-winning off-Broadway anthology of Bertolt Brecht 's theoretical writings , called `` No Plays , No Poetry . '' 
California expects to rely on federal emergency funds and its $ 1.06 billion in general fund reserves to meet the estimated $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in damages resulting from the quake , according to a state official . 
In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time . 
Revco has $ 1.5 billion in claims outstanding . 
Healthcare has given HealthVest a 12 % note for that overdue amount , to be repaid over three years . 
Figures assume a 7 % annual rise in tuition , fees , room and board and an 8 % annual investment return . 
It is public relations of the highest sophistication , that recognizes that credibility is enhanced by honesty -- up to a point . 
Guests bring movies on tape , and show their favorite three-to-five minute segments on the screen that unrolls from the ceiling of the Volokhs ' art-nouveau library ( `` the pleasure dome '' ) . 
In the past year , one inside director resigned , while three others retired . 
`` They do n't have the votes to get it passed . '' 
`` It was the plunge that did n't happen , '' he says . 
`` A significant increase in gold sales to 248,279 ounces for the quarter from 188,726 in the third quarter of 1988 was more than offset by the continued decline in average gold price realization to $ 367 from $ 429 per ounce , '' the company said . 
Montedison S.p.A. definitively agreed to buy all of the publicly held shares of Erbamont N.V. for $ 37 each . 
( The union will keep a 2 % commission on construction projects . ) 
An AP-Dow Jones survey of integrated oil companies , independent refiners , and oil industry consultants indicates that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries increased its production to 22.2 million barrels a day in September . 
Equally importantly , the treasury secretary has spearheaded the administration effort to bring the U.S. dollar down by shopping avidly for West German marks and Japanese yen . 
The spinoff should solve a problem for the parent . 
Half the amount that the investment tables suggest might be a good goal , he adds . 
'' Folk doctors also prescribe it for kidney , bladder and urethra problems , duodenal ulcers and hemorrhoids . 
Mercury attributed the loss to rapid prepayments of loans and costs incurred in refinancing many house loans this past spring and summer , when interest rates dipped . 
The government defines excessive profits as those above the average realized for other similar-sized properties in an area . 
No , we ought to be mad because he has demeaned the office we gave him , enlisting it in the service of private gain , just as we ought to be mad that public officials lie through their teeth , play disingenuous games about their activities or , to steal a phrase , make public service a private trough . 
The company complains that it paid $ 10 million to non-Humana hospitals in its latest fiscal year for services provided to its insurance plan members . 
Revenues rose 8.8 % to $ 4.35 billion from $ 4.0 billion . 
Mr. Genova said the committee may meet to propose solutions to the problems identified in the study . 
The second time he identified two robbers , who were arrested and charged . 
Investing four million Swiss francs earned from his financial transactions and two million Swiss francs from his parents and his wife , Mr. Rey acquired 20 % of Bally 's shares . 
The Berkeley police do n't have any leads but doubt the crime was driven by a passion for sweets . 
Investors also are anxious about today 's `` witching hour , '' the monthly expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks . 
The banks said they do n't expect the merger to face any regulatory hurdles . 
Part of both the costs and the savings could be passed on to shippers on the TransCanada pipeline through tolls , which are based on the value of the pipeline system and the cost of operating it . 
Researchers say the inactivation of tumor-suppressor genes , alone or in combination , appears crucial to the development of such scourges as cancer of the brain , the skin , kidney , prostate , and cervix . 
Among them , he says , is the family 's traditional ties to old wealth and decision-makers in banking and industry throughout Europe and beyond . 
Ad Notes ... . 
Sales were C$ 4.2 billion compared with C$ 3.7 billion . 
Revenue soared to $ 101.7 million from $ 39.5 million . 
Their protest was ignored . 
Moreover , much investment is n't aimed at increasing capacity . 
The prime minister of Aruba has said it could cost around $ 100 million . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it won a $ 27 million contract from Stuart-James Co. , a Denver investment banking concern , to provide voice and data telecommunications services . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
The growing sales sustained by domestic demand failed to counter rising material metal costs and declining profitability in overseas construction , Furukawa said . 
Profit from the calls goes to charity , but ABC Sports also uses the calls as a sales tool : After thanking callers for voting , Frank Gifford offers a football videotape for $ 19.95 , and 5 % of callers stay on the line to order it . 
Last week , just before the bank commitments were due , the union asked the U.S. Labor Department to study whether the bid violated legal standards of fairness governing employee investment funds . 
Mr. Kume made the earnings projection for fiscal 1990 , ending next March 31 , in an interview with U.S. automotive writers attending the Tokyo Motor Show . 
Thursday , a judge is scheduled to rule on Warner 's motion seeking to block the Guber-Peters duo from going to Columbia . 
He succeeds William Kohut , who resigned earlier this year . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Wang had previously forecast a loss . 
Georgia Gulf Corp. , hurt by declining sales and falling chemical prices , said third-quarter earnings fell 13 % to $ 46.1 million from $ 53.1 million in the year-earlier period . 
The Senate , after deleting Section 89 repeal from its deficit-reduction bill , still is expected to join the House in voting to kill the law , which forces companies to provide comparable benefits to laborers and executives alike . 
Los Angeles County Supervisor Kenneth Hahn yesterday vowed to fight the introduction of double-decking in the area . 
American Express , Kraft General Foods , and Mattel executives said the move wo n't affect their relationships with the ad agency . 
Mr. Whittle said private and parochial schools in both states will be canvassed to see if they are interested in getting the programs . 
He 's had other brushes with the law . 
Shoney 's said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in 
As a result , they often speak one language at home , another at school . 
Also , the soil in the Valley is solid , unlike the landfill of San Francisco 's downtown Marina District , which was hit with fires and vast destruction . 
According to my calculations , these outlays should have brought the value of my sedan to more than $ 22,000 on the open market ( Figure 6 ) , where I plan to offer it shortly . 
His client contacts , meanwhile , could prove a gold mine for an agency that has had few new business wins of late . 
He says he has n't yet studied the Dellums bill , but that requiring a beeping tone on recorders `` would be ludicrous . '' 
Manville Corp. said it offered to buy $ 500 million of its convertible preferred stock from the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust in a move that would improve the trust 's liquidity and reduce the potential number of Manville shares outstanding . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
Canadian steel ingot production totaled 276,334 metric tons in the week ended Oct. 14 , down 5.3 % from the preceding week 's total of 291,890 tons , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
`` We anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , '' said Bethlehem Chairman Walter F. Williams . 
Mr. Rabinowitz , the Warner attorney , says the studio still wants the producers to come back and fulfill their contract . 
According to Mr. Verwoerd , the early Afrikaner pioneers were the first people to settle in the eastern Transvaal , even before the blacks . 
She is almost cavalier about the possibility Vietnam 's reforms will create rivals on her home turf . 
MCA and Cineplex 's other major shareholder , Montreal-based financier Charles Bronfman and his associates , have agreed to tender their holdings to an offer by Mr. Drabinsky unless a higher offer is made by another bidder . 
`` It 's a question of timing , '' says Mayumi Takayama , managing director of international operations at Isetan Co. , a Tokyo department store . 
In 1988 , 31.6 % of blacks lived in poverty , compared with 10.1 % for whites and 26.8 % for Hispanics . 
Acting more than a year after Ms. Bertussi filed a complaint , the panel issued a `` letter of reproval '' saying Rep. Bates had admitted conduct that violated a House rule forbidding discrimination against employees on account of their sex . 
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns . 
But the cosmetic changes are n't expected to win over Britain . 
Federal authorities in New York started investigating exchanges in May , though no indictments have been handed down there . 
`` It 's simple , '' says Lamar Hunt , who owns the Kansas City Chiefs and last year raised ticket prices by $ 2.40 to an average $ 17 . 
He said the tie-up would mean Jaguar could `` develop cars down range { in price } from where we are '' by offering access to GM 's high-volume parts production . 
He said that Oliver North of Iran-Contra notoriety thought he had erased his computer but that the information was later retrieved for congressional committees to read . 
In Cherry Hill , the National Abortion Rights Action League , whose goal is to sign up 50,000 pro-choice voters , targets a union breakfast to build labor support for its cause . 
When you do that you wipe out the criminal incentives , including , I might say , the incentive that the drug pushers have to go around and get kids addicted , so that they create a market for themselves . 
`` Everybody is worried about the possibility of cancellations , '' says Kurt Barnard , publisher of Barnard 's Retail Marketing Report . 
The lawsuits stemmed from the development of cancer and other problems in the daughters of women who took the drug . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , for one , is still a favorite of widows , orphans and trust departments -- but shorn of its regional telephone units and exposed to competition on every side , it is a far different investment prospect than it was before divestiture . 
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 . 
It was an ideal place for the Orange Workers to start their new nation , unencumbered by the demographics that have undermined apartheid elsewhere in South Africa . 
Some jobs already have been moved to Australia , and there are plans to place others in Canada . 
A man gunned down by a stray bullet while cycling to work carries , after his death , the official stigma of `` counterrevolutionary , '' his wife says . 
Eastern said it is ahead of schedule in resuming its operations after filing earlier this year for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , from which it expects to emerge early next year . 
ARTY FAX from David Hockney begins a tongue-in-cheek exhibit today at New York 's Andre Emmerich Gallery . 
In a joint statement , the two companies , whose combined holdings equal 52.7 % of Sun Life 's ordinary shares , said their agreement is aimed at reducing `` the uncertainty and instability for Sun Life that has resulted from two major shareholders owning '' a controlling interest in the company . 
Sales rose 9.7 % to $ 351.5 million from $ 320.4 million . 
Investors , he advises , `` should be cautious , '' holding fewer stocks than usual and also shunning bonds . 
Utility operations , the only company unit operating in the black in the latest period , had a 26 % drop in profit , to $ 86.3 million , largely as a result of outages at the company 's huge Palo Verde nuclear facility and the cost of purchased replacement power . 
Markets -- 
Mr. Rambo says that a 3.2-acre property overlooking the San Fernando Valley is priced at $ 4 million because the late actor Erroll Flynn once lived there . 
And there are the twin-deficit Keynesians , who predict\/advocate devaluations to balance trade flows . 
Installation of the TV system , which includes providing free 19-inch TV sets in classrooms , begins in January . 
Some had predicted earnings of more than $ 4 a share for this year , up from last year 's fully diluted $ 3.27 a share on earnings of $ 680.6 million . 
But Mr. Gilmartin said the hurricane damage was n't extensive enough to prompt premium boosts . 
COMPARE P\/E RATIOS WITH PROSPECTS . 
Results for that quarter included a $ 30 million , or 40 cents a share , write-down associated with the consolidation of a facility . 
They were protecting his interests . '' 
Ducks . 
Would I have done all those things successively if I did n't think he was the right guy ? '' Mr. Roman asked . 
`` Many scholars are of the opinion that the mere existence of the penalty deters many people from the commission of capital crimes , '' says Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R. , Utah ) . 
The researchers say many Japanese companies err in the U.S. by adopting the American practice of hiring managers on the `` open market . '' 
Limiting care wo n't be easy or popular . 
Bank of Italy has also ordered BNL to shore up its capital base to account for potential foreign loan losses , and the Rome bank has outlined a 3 trillion lire capital-raising operation . 
He indicated that Ekco may be interested in acquiring another company with revenue in the range of $ 75 million to $ 100 million , partly because mass merchandisers increasingly want to rely on larger , and fewer , suppliers . 
But if the opposition remains fractured , the Congress ( I ) could win a small majority , or lead a coalition government . 
Mr. Goldberg , who took over as head of the IRS in July , has been disturbed by what he considers the inefficiency , waste and lack of coordination among the branches of the vast federal agency . 
But the market remains uneasy about Mr. Major 's policy strategy and the prospects for the pound , currency analysts contend . 
UAL tumbled $ 56.875 to $ 222.875 on volume of 2.3 million shares , and AMR declined by $ 22.125 to $ 76.50 as 4.7 million shares changed hands . 
Expenses are flat and that 's a good sign . 
For the week , the industrial average gained 119.88 points , or 4.7 % , the biggest weekly point advance ever and a better than 50 % rebound from the 190.58 point loss the industrial average logged Oct. 13 . 
For the nine months ended July 29 , SFE Technologies reported a net loss of $ 889,000 on sales of $ 23.4 million . 
In other European markets , share prices closed sharply higher in Frankfurt and Zurich and posted moderate rises in Stockholm , Amsterdam and Milan . 
His credentials are excellent for the task . 
It is inhumane to imply that a poor , unemployed woman can not receive immediate relief for her family at fair prices because she does not have as much to protect as a rich family . 
The Treasury sold $ 7.81 billion of three-month bills with an average discount rate of 7.52 % , the highest since the average of 7.63 % at the auction on Oct. 10 . 
United Parcel Service , Greenwich , Conn. , said its operations in the San Francisco area have been reduced to 40 % of normal . 
Paribas said it would publish details of its bid once authorities clear it . 
One Southern California aerospace firm , for example , two months ago asked Location Management to compare the costs of reinforcing its current building against earthquakes with the cost of building a new structure elsewhere . 
When a certain class of investment performs so poorly that its reputation is tarnished , look for Wall Street to give it a new moniker . 
Shareholders have been steadily bailing out of several big junk funds the past several weeks as the $ 200 billion market was jolted by a cash crunch at Campeau Corp. and steadily declining prices . 
The captain of the aircraft carrier , the oldest in the Navy , said the flier was making his first attempt to land on a carrier . 
Ms. Garratt sued the Dallas apparel maker earlier this year , charging that Jerell developed and marketed clothing lines fashioned after her designs , in violation of their contract . 
Can a security analyst call an investment banker to make certain that a seemingly improbable rumor is in fact false ? 
( True , the Mexican government has granted `` control '' over the airline to a new private consortium , but its propensity to take back what it gives is too well known to permit one to be sanguine . ) 
Immune Response Corp. -- Three million common shares , via Merrill Lynch . 
RJR Nabisco Inc. and American Brands Inc. say they have no plans to follow Philip Morris 's lead . 
But traders on the exchange floor , who can observe the computer-guided trading activity on monitor screens , said most of the top program-trading firms were active both days . 
He probably did n't penetrate any top-secret files , but the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates , Peter Carl and Dirk Brezinski , $ 15,000 for some of the material Hess collected . 
Moreover , companies have sold off many of their smaller , less-profitable hospitals and have completed painful restructurings . 
Those allies included Politburo members Guenter Mittag , who has long headed economic affairs , and Joachim Hermann , chief of information policy . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
The move is a setback for Bush , who needs Democratic support to pass a capital-gains cut in the Senate . 
The left also is critical of the style of the Socialist government -- a remarkable parallel to the situation in Britain . 
That coverage is provided by a syndicate of insurance companies including Fireman 's Fund Corp. , based in Novato , Calif. , and Cigna Corp. , based in Philadelphia . 
B.A.T has been London 's best-performing blue chip over the past six months , up 40 % against a 4 % rise in the Financial Times 100-Share Index . 
San Jose and several other California cities mounted major campaigns during the summer to woo the group , which was founded last June by seven electronics concerns . 
Baltimore attorney Michael A. Pretl and 17 other attorneys representing 18,136 claimants in the U.S. and abroad argue that the appeal would delay -- and perhaps even destroy -- a $ 2.38 billion settlement fund that is the centerpiece of the reorganization plan . 
Friday 's strong price gains confirmed a turnaround in the precious metals markets , according to PaineWebber 's Mr. Frawley . 
Changing legislation has opened the field to thousands of inexperienced Soviet players , many who promise more than they can deliver . 
On Monday , for instance , Howard Ward , a principal at Scudder , Stevens & Clark , found that `` you could n't buy blue-chips at quoted prices without paying up . '' 
But Goya Foods Inc. believes it can milk some sales by bucking the trend . 
Mr. Carmichael said investors also demanded stricter convenants . 
To offset sluggish sales growth , companies have been cutting staff , mostly through attrition , and slowing the growth in research and development spending . 
The Kremlin leader , on the first day of a three-day official visit to Helsinki , assured Finland 's president that the Soviet Union has `` no moral or political right '' to interfere with moves toward democracy in Poland , Hungary or elsewhere in Eastern Europe . 
Microsoft officials said the strong results also reflected continuing high demand for its software applications and operating systems . 
In the best of times , the Bay Bridge is the worst commute in the region , often experiencing back-ups of 20 to 30 minutes or more . 
French crude-steel production in September was 1,616,000 metric tons , unchanged from a year earlier , according to the National Steel Manufacturers ' Association . 
He is warm and polished before a Puerto Rican Congress in Asbury Park . 
In addition , activity at a number of San Francisco-based brokerage houses was curtailed as a result of the earthquake , which knocked out power lines and telephone service throughout the Bay area . 
I 'm OK . '' 
Currently , most traders on commodity exchanges specialize in trading either for customer accounts , which makes them brokers , or for their own accounts as socalled locals . 
News of the halt comes amid growing anger in the Ukraine and Byelorussia over continuing high levels of radiation from Chernobyl . 
For many , the situation is especially discouraging because the market for IPOs was showing signs of strengthening after several years of weakness . 
Markets -- 
I got home , let the dogs into the house and noticed some sounds above my head , as if someone were walking on the roof , or upstairs . 
Although bond prices were n't as volatile on Tuesday trading as stock prices , traders nevertheless said action also was much slower yesterday in the Treasury market . 
Mr. Mason left the campaign after telling reporters Mr. Dinkins is `` a fancy'shvartzer ' with a moustache . '' 
For the week , the index dropped 3.8 % . 
( Donald Trinen , an attorney for the penny-brokerage firm , denies the fraud allegations and says the Lyneses were fully apprised that they were pursuing a high-risk investment . ) 
Yet he has proved more resilient than any of them . 
He also noted that various work environments , such as night work , have their own `` stressors . '' 
In the third quarter , the implicit price deflator fell to 2.9 % of the 1982 average , from 4.6 % in the previous quarter . 
Mr. Roman said American Express 's Mr. Robinson first approached him about the job in late September . 
Competition is intensifying as larger companies invade a mountain-bike market Mr. Sinyard 's company once had virtually all to itself . 
CNBC is a joint venture of the National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , and Cablevision System Corp . 
`` You need to buy the entire lot , '' Mr. Seidman said , `` so get out your checkbooks . 
Allied Capital Corp. II -- 6,500,000 common shares , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The bulk of the money would be funneled through the National Endowment for Democracy , but the legislation is so vaguely written that it has been dogged by questions regarding the money 's true purpose and its ultimate destination . 
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk-bond market in disarray , Georgia-Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy-out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing . 
Fox attracts a young audience with shows such as `` Married ... With Children , '' its most successful series . 
The March contract advanced 0.14 cent a pound to 14.11 cents . 
However , these discount purchase rights may generally be redeemed at a nominal cost by the corporation 's directors if they approve of a bidder . 
The departures , said Alice Ruth , an analyst at Montgomery Securities in San Francisco , should enable the company to focus on business issues instead of management differences . 
Since the China crisis erupted , Mr. Mushkat says , the scenario as depicted by the middle-of-the-road group bears a remarkable resemblance to the difficulties Hong Kong currently faces . 
`` The other half , we may have before long . '' 
Some people argue that strong brands can afford to stop advertising for a time because of the residual impact of hundreds of millions of dollars spent on advertising through the years . 
StatesWest had proposed acquiring Mesa for $ 7 a share and one share of a new series of StatesWest 6 % convertible preferred stock it values at $ 3 a share . 
But Lipper Analytical 's figures show that there were a number of ways investors could have cushioned themselves from the stock market 's gyrations . 
However , last week Mr. Webster 's two top CIA deputies said congressional curbs had n't hampered the spy agency 's role in the coup attempt in Panama . 
`` It 's a good indication that level of profitability has peaked for the industry , '' says Vahid Fathi , metals analyst with Prescott , Ball & Turben Inc. , who had estimated Reynolds would earn about $ 2.35 a share . 
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . '' 
`` The programs have arthritis , '' says Rep. Henry Hyde , a conservative Republican from Illinois . 
Mr. Lipstein 's absence from the meeting here raised speculation that the sale is in trouble . 
Among other things , the government is expected to report that the number of young cattle placed on feedlots during the quarter slipped 3 % . 
In this week 's show , there 's an unsafe nuclear weaponsmaking facility ( a la Rocky Flats ) . 
IBM will face still more competition in coming months . 
Led by Pizza Hut and Taco Bell , restaurant earnings increased about 25 % in the third quarter on a 22 % sales increase . 
When Mr. Pilson is asked directly -- can you make money on all this ? -- he does n't exactly say yes . 
Several medical concerns , including Pfizer Inc. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , Colgate and Abbott Laboratories intend to pursue a similar consortium approach . 
In other words , if there 's a problem , do n't expect Citibank to come to the rescue . 
Campeau , owner of such retailers as Bloomingdale 's , Bon Marche , and Jordan Marsh , sidestepped financial collapse last month after an emergency $ 250 million loan from Olympia & York Developments Ltd. , a Canadian developer and a major shareholder in Campeau . 
Only the bravest spirits survive such roller coasters . 
`` In this market of 40 channels , sophisticated viewers and the remote control , trial is n't a guarantee of anything , '' ESPN 's Mr. Werner says . 
`` If they think well of the company through our support of the Bill of Rights , it follows they 'll think well of our products . '' 
An occupant will , in most every case , be better for the home and neighborhood than a vacant house . 
SIERRA TUCSON Cos. said it completed its initial public offering of 2.5 million common shares , which raised $ 30 million . 
The comptroller 's office eventually extended the deadline to six months but broadened its demands , ordering that the `` book value of the collection { be } reduced to zero . '' 
The number working at the time of the blast was n't known . 
`` Institutions are herding animals , '' says Peter Anderson , who heads the pension-fund management arm of IDS Financial Services Inc . 
Democrat Gene Taylor won a special election to fill the congressional seat vacated by the death of Republican Larkin Smith , taking back the GOP 's lone redoubt in Mississippi 's House delegation . 
Sen. Cohen said the relationship has reverted to its pre-Reagan character . 
Richard Luehrs , president of the Newport Harbor Area Chamber of Commerce , calls boiler rooms a `` negative we wish we could get rid of . '' 
Amtrak said it suspended train service into its Oakland station , which sustained `` heavy structural damage '' during the quake . 
The price of Columbia shares has been cut nearly in half since August , when they traded at about $ 10 , as investors apparently realized that the thrift would be forced to take a big write-down . 
They have since mellowed , although one senior Young & Rubicam executive , echoing others , said : `` I think ad agencies owe Carl { Spielvogel } a vote of thanks for getting him out of the consulting business . '' 
The notification policy was part of a set of guidelines on handling coups outlined in a secret 1988 exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence Committee . 
The U.S. economy grew at a moderate 2.5 % annual rate in the third quarter , the same pace as the second quarter , despite the worst trade performance in six years , the Commerce Department reported . 
It created special 20-year trusts to allow foreigners 100 % ownership in some once-closed industries . 
( In last week 's rape case , for example , the girl turns out to have been a victim of incest , and the biggest villains are the politicians who exploit the case . ) 
Most Wall Street firms , in pulling back , have merely stopped such trading for their own accounts . 
Coffee-shop chatter does not lend itself to solving the problems of racism , teen pregnancy or lack of parental support or guidance . 
Canada is the world 's largest producer of market pulp . 
Weyerhaeuser said its paneling business employs about 300 workers at two facilities in Chesapeake , Va. , and Hancock , Vt . 
These provisions would be difficult to enforce for a program intended to provide a subsidy , but would be reasonable and effective devices for programs that attempt to offset market imperfections . 
The proposed changes , which are scheduled to be announced today , would apply to pesticides and other substances found on fresh and processed foods , according to federal officials . 
A quarter of a million people cross the Bay Bridge every day , far more than the 100,000 that use the Bay Area Rapid Transit system ( BART ) -- which was working but was n't stopping in the city 's Financial District yesterday afternoon because electricity was shut off and the area was being checked for gas leaks . 
Silver Spring , Md . 
John J. Phelan Jr. , chairman of the Big Board , asserts that `` 1988 and 1989 have been two of the least volatile years in the last 30 or 40 years . '' 
Despite some early computer-guided program buying , the Nasdaq composite fell 1.39 to 451.37 . 
But in 1935 , when Congress was trying to find someone or something to blame for the Great Depression , it decided to drop both the secretary and the comptroller from the board . 
The Big Board says program trading describes a variety of strategies involving the purchase or sale of a basket of 15 or more stocks . 
If it is n't completed , Comprehensive Care said it would be `` required to promptly restructure its debt . '' 
Granges did n't say what impact the moves would have on total gold output or earnings , and company officials were n't available . 
Joann S. Lublin contributed to this article . 
The reason does n't relate to your selling skills . '' 
A second decision , handed down in August by the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , is another blow against scholarship . 
But even before it begins , the campaign is drawing fire from anti-smoking advocates , who criticize Philip Morris 's attempt to bolster its beleaguered image by wrapping itself in the document that is a cornerstone of American democracy . 
While admitting such a move would be `` devastating '' to most creditors , Judge Abramson told a courtroom filled with nearly two dozen attorneys that he was concerned about the toll mounting legal bills will take on Mr. Hunt 's shrinking estate and about the fact that , following voting by creditors , none of the reorganization plans appeared to be viable in their present form . 
`` It 's back to tax-give-away time for the select few , '' says Rep. William Gray of Pennsylvania , the third-ranking Democrat in the House . 
The bank 's Arizona unit holds about $ 6 billion of First Interstate 's $ 50 billion of assets . 
This week , the U.S. auto giant paid for 10 House of Commons members and two House of Lords members to fly to Detroit and tour its operations there . 
Then they identified snags in the process . '' 
Mainstream economists and commentators , craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing , swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs , claimed the end result would be a leaner , meaner corporate America , with soaring productivity and profits and the weaker gone to the wall . 
McCormick is a developer and manager of futures-investment limited partnerships . 
Mr. Platt is advising clients that `` the near-term direction of bond prices is likely to remain upward . '' 
In preparation for the withdrawal , Moscow , Kabul and New Delhi signed two agreements for several hundred newly civilian Indian experts to replace some of the more visible Soviet military personnel . 
In Frankfurt , a Lufthansa spokesman confirmed talks are under way , but declined to comment . 
`` The freeze on new lending is dealing the single biggest blow to trading , '' says Raymond Wong , China manager for Mannesmann AG , a West German machinery-trading company . 
Sales of health-care products increased 6 % in the third quarter , based in part on strong sales of prescription drugs such as Premarin , an estrogen-replacement drug , and sales of the company 's infant formula . 
I realize you were just looking for something snotty to say about California and its environmental movement , but picking Frank Lloyd Wright to say it for you was a bad call . 
The economy 's stutter steps leave investors wondering whether things are slowing down or speeding up . 
She declined to elaborate and would n't disclose the fund 's recent purchases , sales or cash position . 
In addition to 26 chapters in the U.S. , there are 40 chapters in foreign countries . 
Football has long been Mr. Jones 's passion , both on and off the field . 
The football and basketball players spent more time on their sports in season than they did on class attendance and homework combined ( 30 hours a week versus 25.3 ) . 
At first , we were unfazed . 
FAR FEWER elderly nursing home residents bankrupt themselves than was previously believed , two recent studies declare . 
But since June , foreign bankers led by international financial institutions have virtually suspended their new loans to China . 
But now that Congress has missed the legal deadline for meeting the Gramm-Rudman targets , the White House said it has returned to its original view that a capital-gains cut should be part of the deficit-reduction bill , on which Congress continues to work . 
The recent one-day , 190-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average seems to be significant to economists mainly for its tacit comment on the poor quality of third-quarter profits now being reported . 
He sees a psychoanalyst five mornings a week . 
They asked regulators to suggest new ways to force banks and thrifts to comply with anti-discrimination laws . 
Tandy 's stock fell $ 1.375 a share to close at $ 44 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
`` One of the hardest things to do is to buy stocks when the market is down , '' he says . 
Charles Schellke , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , said some investors apparently expected slightly better revenue growth . 
`` We 've kind of settled now into an interest-rate environment that 's fairly high . '' 
`` The implication of an unsettled situation is that the thing could drop dramatically , '' says Henry Linsert Jr. , chairman of Martek Corp. , a four-year-old biotechnology company that is planning a private placement of stock . 
CONGRESSIONAL LEADERS BACKED Bush 's criticism of Nicaragua 's Ortega . 
American Medical is being acquired . 
The Army headquarters on the third deck of the Pentagon used to burn a lot of incense to him , but the Navy headquarters on the fourth deck made them stop it . 
A Zimbabwean delegate argued that the ban would `` guarantee the extinction of the elephant . '' 
The Westinghouse-Mitsubishi venture was designed as a non-equity transaction , circumventing any possible antitrust concerns . 
That conference , which began yesterday , was expected to cover such matters as police training and extradition agreements , Spanish officials said . 
Rockwell , based in El Segundo , Calif. , is an aerospace , electronics , automotive and graphics concern . 
Despite Saatchi 's firm stand against selling its ad units , U.S. analysts believe the company may ultimately sell some of the smaller units . 
Confronted with the evidence , Mr. Tharp pleaded guilty to one charge of filing a false return and was fined $ 5,000 and sentenced to 18 months in prison . 
But the surprisingly durable seven-year economic expansion has made mincemeat of more than one forecast . 
Other winners included real estate issues Mitsubishi Estate , which closed at 2,500 , up 130 , and Mitsui Real Estate Development , which gained 100 to 2,890 . 
This may help explain why small businesses create 65 % of all jobs nationally , but only 22 % of jobs in a crime-ridden city like New York . 
A native of the area , he is back now after riding the oil-field boom to the top , then surviving the bust running an Oklahoma City convenience store . 
BellSouth 's `` back-end protection was flawed previously . 
Daniel B. Scully Tucson , Ariz . 
Japanese immigration authorities said they found 658 more Chinese among Vietnamese boat people , bringing the number of Chinese trying to enter Japan by posing as Vietnamese refugees this year to 1,642 . 
-- Speed up the process for removing a pesticide that is n't an imminent hazard . 
`` We are now monitoring for it much more closely , '' he said . 
The latest quarter included an after-tax gain of $ 71 million from non-recurring items . 
Officials at Mellon Capital were unavailable for comment . 
Because of the size of the proposed loan guarantee , the Ex-Im Bank 's preliminary commitment is subject to review by the House and Senate Banking committees . 
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts . 
The slide continued until the record 508-point market drop on Oct. 19 . 
Ms. Hall expects Cathay 's profit to grow around 13 % annually this year and next . 
Although settlement talks had been dropped , attorneys for the two sides apparently began talking again yesterday in an attempt to settle the matter before Thursday , when a judge is expected to rule on Warner 's request for an injunction that would block the two producers from taking over the management of Columbia . 
Since the value of its assets was n't known , analysts were free to pick a number . 
For his troubles , Mr. Chan was jailed three times between 1960 and 1974 . 
St. Paul Medical Center , also in Dallas , sees only a `` minimal erosion '' of support staff due to AIDS . 
Drugs continue to be sold openly around schools , parks and housing projects . '' 
The burning question is whether the new chief can parry Mr. Icahn without being pushed into unwelcome moves . 
Blue chips , he says , `` are now being referred to as poker chips . '' 
The materials , discovered during the past three years , conduct electricity without resistance and promise smaller , faster computers and other new technologies . 
`` I would suspect that a lot of investment committees are looking into whether ( they ) want to be in stocks at all , '' he said . 
Even the minority of them who must register with the Securities and Exchange Commission as `` investment advisers '' -- people who are in the business of counseling others on the buying and selling of securities specifically -- have been enough to swamp the agency 's capacity . 
World Bank ( agency ) -- # 100 million of 10 7\/8 % bonds due Aug. 15 , 1994 , offered at 96.95 to yield 11.71 % , via Baring Brothers & Co . 
Mr. Friend says he agreed to strike Mr. Alexander above the belt . 
Warnaco also owns Warners , another major intimate apparel maker . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Webster shares fell 25 cents to $ 12.375 . 
Copper futures sold off sharply yesterday , influenced by declines in the stock market and dollar , and a rally in bonds . 
Vincent Jolivet Kenmore , Wash . 
Unfortunately for Mr. Maynard , another branch of the USDA , the Agricultural Marketing Service , was in charge of eggs . 
On Thursday , a day after he took office , East German television broke into regular programming to launch a talk show in which viewers call in questions for a panel of officials to answer . 
She said a more aggressive move was n't needed . 
If the economy turns down , such proposals could gain strong momentum . 
Hershey Foods Corp. strives for fairness by basing increases on quarterly reviews , annual appraisals and meetings with workers . 
PROCTER & GAMBLE CO. , Cincinnati-based company 's Folgers Coffee plant in South San Francisco was closed following the earthquake , no injuries or major damage , other plants around country can make up for any lost production . 
Columbia , S.C . 
`` If you sit down all the time , you 'll go stiff , '' says Joyce Hagood , a Roxboro , N.C. , homemaker who walks several miles a week . 
They talked of the aftermath . 
Higher sales of pesticides and other plant-science products more than offset a slight decline in the sales of animal-health products to fuel the increase in world-wide agricultural product sales , Lilly said . 
The offering , Series 1989-83 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
But the Fed move was a small gesture , traders said . 
Research does n't tell us whether people actually do read the magazines they subscribe to . '' 
Profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items increased 22 % to # 92.6 million from # 75.6 million a year earlier , while fully diluted earnings per share rose to 29.90 pence ( 47 cents ) from 24.68 pence ( 39 cents ) . 
He applauds Toyota and Nissan Motor Co. for creating separate divisions for their new luxury models , rather than simply adding more nameplates to their standard car lines . 
Dow Jones industrials 2662.91 , off 26.23 ; transportation 1236.66 , up 5.86 ; utilities 215.35 , off 0.13 . 
A Wellcome spokesman declined to comment on the discovery of the antibody in Japan . 
Jeremiah Mullins , head of OTC trading at Dean Witter Reynolds , said both institutional and retail investors were buying . 
Qintex 's $ 1.5 billion pact to buy MGM\/UA collapsed recently . 
And when any component of the market -- cash , futures or options -- loses liquidity , the price discovery system ( the way prices are determined ) becomes flawed or is lost entirely for a time . 
Carl Ericson , who runs the Colonial Intermediate High Income Fund , says the fund 's 25 % leverage has jacked up its interest income . 
In every presidential election over the past half century , except for the Goldwater presidential candidacy , the GOP has captured a greater percentage of the major-party popular vote for president than it has of congressional seats or the popular vote for Congress . 
IRAs were like stepchildren there . 
Soon after the release of the U.S. trade figures , the dollar plunged to an intraday low of 140.95 yen . 
The TW prospectus says that if the acquisition had been completed earlier , pretax earnings `` would have been insufficient to cover its fixed charges , including interest on debt securities , '' by approximately $ 62.7 million in the first six months of 1989 . 
A trader at Yamaichi Securities said the market 's mood was undercut by the continuing fall of Nippon Telegraph & Telephone shares , which declined to their lowest level since the begining of this year . 
The windows will open . 
Foreign traders also say many of China 's big infrastructural projects have been canceled or postponed because of the squeeze on domestic and foreign credit . 
Per capita income , a widely used measure of a nation 's economic health , hit a record in 1988 , rising 1.7 % after inflation adjustment to $ 13,120 . 
Manhattan National Corp. said Michael A. Conway , president and chief executive officer , was elected chief executive of the holding company 's two principal insurance subsidiaries . 
`` In order to restore confidence and ensure the support of our principal lenders , '' Mr. Bond said , `` we embarked on fundamantal changes in the structure and direction of the group . '' 
For example , one of my favorite movies is the 1949 British comedy `` Kind Hearts and Coronets , '' in which the entire comedy is based on actor Dennis Price 's murdering eight titled relatives ( all played by Alec Guinness ) because they snubbed his mother and stand in the way of his acquiring the family title . 
Instead of helping his company in the defense spending slowdown , Dynamic Engineering Inc. , a troubled subsidiary that makes wind tunnels for the space industry , contributed to much of QuesTech 's $ 3.3 million loss on $ 55.6 million in revenue last year . 
`` But one gets fed up with importing information and news . '' 
The two sides also traded accusations about the cost of the Packwood plan . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Three of the family members , Max and his two sons , Lenny and Joey , live off the flesh : Max is a retired butcher , Lenny a pimp and Joey an aspiring boxer . 
The Fed 's move , however , only proved a stopgap to the pound 's slide and the Fed intervened for a second time at around $ 1.5825 , according to New York traders . 
As such , the soluble fiber has an almost fanatic following in northern India . 
Since then , the bank has strengthened its Italian network , and has posted strong results . 
In recent days , traders say USAir has been buying its own shares , as part of a program to retire about eight million USAir shares , though the carrier wo n't discuss its buy-back program . 
Litigation Sciences concedes that in one in 20 cases it was flatout wrong in its predictions . 
Kay Peterson mounts her bicycle and grinds up yet another steep , rocky path seemingly suitable only for mountain goats . 
The airline 's share price already is far below the 210 pence ( $ 3.33 ) level seen after the company announced the rights issue in late September . 
Federal child care ( quack ) . 
That railroad is operating trains but with delays caused by employees unable to get to work . 
The White House has likewise avoided any involvement in Florida 's recent special legislative session on abortion , which anti-abortion forces had regarded as a key test of their ability to get state lawmakers to toughen abortion restrictions . 
Some of the funds will used to demolish unstable buildings and clear sites for future construction . 
If the IRS asks for and gets a replacement for a check that it concedes it lost in processing , it will reimburse the taxpayer for the stop-payment charge on the original . 
A spokesman said the plant , which will replace older lubricant and grease manufacturing plants in Montreal and Toronto , will cost about 50 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 42.5 million ) to build . 
The loan was to have matured in just two to three years , as soon as construction was completed . 
The South was off 2 % after the first nine months , while the North Central region was up 3 % . 
But the disappointing sales of DAT machines here and abroad so far have not seemed to warrant the three years of legal wrangling that went into the agreement . 
`` You are mad because he 's making so much money , '' say President Reagan 's defenders . 
Despite these challenges , Marks & Spencer sees big potential in Brooks Brothers , noting the widely recognized name and global presence . 
Mattel has purchased a new headquarters building in El Segundo , Calif. , which it will occupy by the end of next year . 
Shares of Coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 1.50 apiece to $ 19.125 in national over-the-counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . 
Given Hong Kong 's record , Mr. Mushkat 's `` realists '' might have sounded unduly conservative when the interviews took place two years ago . 
Under guidelines included in an exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence panel last year , the U.S. must inform foreign dictators of plans likely to endanger their lives . 
`` We had a lot of problems , '' Mr. Sinyard says . 
By repeatedly drawing the jury 's attention to the arm , the defense lawyers planted doubt about the origin of the woman 's injuries . 
But the secretary of state advised Israel that attempting to overhaul the five-point plan risked delaying the negotiations aimed at Mideast peace . 
Of course , this kind of blatant congressional pork-barreling is called `` constituent service '' by Members , while the same kind of noncompetitive favoritism at HUD is labeled `` influence peddling . '' 
A private farmer in Poland is free to buy and sell land , hire help , decide what to grow and how to grow it . 
The wait was miserable . 
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services . 
So when next year 's psyllium crop is harvested in March , it may be smaller than the 16,000 metric tons of the past few years -- right at the crest of the psyllium boom . 
G.D. Searle & Co. , a Monsanto Co. unit , is launching a program to give consumers more information about its drugs when doctors prescribe them . 
The company reiterated yesterday that it 's willing to reconfigure the package , but not add to the substance of it . 
Motorola 's Austin operation was one of the first to lose patience , deciding a few years ago to junk any bulk mail that was n't addressed to an individual . 
Proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes , including expansion of the company 's operations . 
Crime was the reason that 26 % reported difficulty recruiting personnel and that 19 % said they were considering moving . 
The quake , which also caused damage in San Jose and Berkeley , knocked out electricity and telephones , cracked roadways and disrupted subway service in the Bay Area . 
The securities-turnover tax has been long criticized by the West German financial community because it tends to drive securities trading and other banking activities out of Frankfurt into rival financial centers , especially London , where trading transactions is n't taxed . 
Earnings have rebounded in 1989 after a 20 % decline last year . 
`` But I think the Soviet peoples are more introverted than the Chinese . '' 
Emerging genetic tests will be able to spot such cancer-susceptible individuals , ushering in what some scientists believe is a new age of predictive cancer diagnosis . 
The balloting to decide when and how to fill the position , which replaces a collective presidency under a pact signed by the ruling Socialists and opposition groups , is to be held Nov . 
The study is to provide reporters , academic experts and others raw data on which to base further inquiries . 
Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus division also provides specifications . 
But GAF 's bellwether role was short-lived . 
American Medical accepted the offer , meanwhile indicating it had heard from two other suitors . 
For one thing , quite a number of the leading spokesmen on Wall Street are not portfolio managers , who understand that the value of assets is greatly affected by how government taxes those assets . 
Sweating under the glare of newly installed television lights , British members of Parliament demanded a halt to the experimental televising of debates . 
The citation was misstated in Friday 's edition . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered . 
When Michael S. Perry took the podium at a recent cosmetics industry event , more than 500 executives packing the room snapped to attention . 
Air-freight carriers raised their rates for U.S. products going across the Pacific to Asia by about 20 % earlier this month . 
A year ago , net was $ 170.4 million , or $ 1.93 a share , on revenue of $ 5.3 billion . 
The hotel and Gaming company said Merrill Lynch Capital Markets will lead the underwriters . 
In July , 11 NFL owners , almost all of them new , blocked an effort to install Jim Finks as a replacement for retiring league commissioner Pete Rozelle . 
A Tucson Electric spokesman said the utility was disappointed by the commission 's decision and `` concerned about the financial integrity of the company . 
To add aftershock-damping power to America 's markets , a modern , electronic trading system should be implemented that permits equal access to the trading arena ( and the information that would automatically accompany such access ) by investors -- particularly institutional investors . 
Failure to win such a determination , however , would lead Comprehensive Care directors to `` consider various alternatives , '' Comprehensive Care said , without elaborating . 
The wounds from the 1987 crash have n't yet healed , and not all claims against the exchange clearinghouse -- by those who bet the Hang Seng index would fall -- have been settled . 
Mr. Witman likes the Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar Money Market Fund , with a seven-day compound yield just under 9.5 % . 
Tele-Communications controls close to 12 million cable subscribers , and Viacom has about one million . 
Also precluded would be dual trading , whereby a broker trades for customers as well as his own account , a practice that provides needed liquidity to the markets . 
Thomas F. O'Boyle contributed to this article . 
Third , oil prices have n't declined although supply has been increasing . 
Coal earnings rose to $ 26 million from $ 21 million . 
In a Dutch auction , the buyer sets a price range and holders give a price in that range at which they 're willing to sell their shares . 
Or perhaps that is a fitting symbol for the United States of 1989 : Everything for sale ; nothing of real value . 
And where were all our handsomely paid Indian Ocean allies last year when our convoys were being attacked ? '' 
In the year-ago period , Goodyear had net of $ 63.5 million , or $ 1.11 a share . 
It must be able to handle most of the complaints that can not be solved in the trenches by managers and their subordinates , else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases . 
Alternatively , it said it would offer three Paribas shares , themselves eligible for dividends as of next Jan. 1 , for one Navigation Mixte share . 
Sam Merksamer , chief executive officer of the nationwide jewelry chain , and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker Corp. , both declined to comment . 
The House , meanwhile , approved $ 2.85 billion to aid in the recovery from the temblor and from Hurricane Hugo as state legislators moved toward a temporary sales-tax increase . 
`` I have a mountain bike , yet as a hiker I 've been run off the road by kids careening down a fire trail on them , '' says Gene Coan , an official at Sierra 's headquarters in San Francisco , echoing the concerns of many members . 
The short-term shift in the political climate surrounding abortion reflects two factors that are likely to govern the debate in the next several months : the reawakening of the abortion-rights movement as a potent force after years of lassitude , and the ability of each side to counter the other 's advance in one arena with a victory of its own elsewhere . 
While UAL faltered , AMR , the parent of American Airlines , pulled out of its recent nosedive by rising 3\/4 to 74 . 
With talk today of a second economic miracle in West Germany , East Germany no longer can content itself with being the economic star in a loser league . 
`` I 'm the secretary-general , if there is one , '' he says , greeting a visitor to his office . 
The award was made by a federal court to the widow of a U.S. Forest Service employee who contracted Hodgkin 's disease after using herbicides containing Agent Orange in a weed-killing program . 
Still , flat-rolled is the steel industry 's bread and butter , representing about half of the 80 million tons of steel expected to be shipped this year . 
Control Data has been seeking a buyer for the facility since it folded its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer unit this past April . 
Colgate sold its hospital supply and home health care business last year . 
Residents of this city soon will be seeing ads urging them to visit `` Cleveland 's outdoor museum '' -- Lake View Cemetery . 
Still , a few individual companies , most likely smaller ones , could be devastated . 
IBM has no plans to recall its add-on cards , the spokeswoman said , and could probably circumvent the bugs without long product delays . 
`` It 's distracting attention from serious issues , like how to make DEA , FBI and Customs work together '' on drug enforcement . 
Mr. Morrissey , the Kentucky Fried Chicken franchisee , notes that most franchise owners must absorb increases in expenses without any cut in the royalties , or portion of sales , that they must pay franchisers . 
Although Cummins 's stock stumbled last month after the company projected a `` substantial '' third-period loss , the stock also fell $ 1.125 in composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , to $ 51.75 . 
Carlos A. Salvagni , vice president , pharmaceutical manufacturing , will assume responsibility for manufacturing in Kalamazoo , Mich. , effective Nov. 1 . 
But Nevada state labor economists think a shortage is probable . 
Poland 's premier is to visit Moscow next month . 
Paxus said in a statement it has several `` well developed product and services relationships '' with the U.S. computer company , and plans to expand these links . 
Because finance and services contribute 10 % to final business product , missing these productivity improvements depresses the overall growth rate by 0.15 % a year . 
Continental , a unit of Texas Air Corp. , slashed the size of its note offering from $ 150 million to $ 71 million . 
The collagen corneal shield helps speed healing of the cornea after eye surgery . 
Sources close to the company and ad agencies that work with Meredith said leading advertisers in consumer electronics , packaged goods and automotive products were among those negotiating ad packages with the Meredith group . 
Other cases go to show that an old saw still applies : If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is . 
Currently , they stand at $ 12,000 for speculators , who are typically individuals and non-member traders , and $ 6,000 for hedgers , which are usually institutions and have offsetting positions in the underlying stocks . 
By midnight Oct. 6 , all of the paintings were supposed to have been sold off , under orders from Florida 's comptroller , whose office regulates the state 's S&Ls . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
The arms-kickback scandal is likely to be one of the big talking points in the campaign , but it 's unclear how it is viewed by average Indian voters . 
The federal agency said that in the year through Oct. 21 production totaled 12,573,758 tons , up 7.1 % from 11,742,368 tons . 
Yesterday 's rally was led by RJR Holdings 13 3\/4 % bonds , which initially tumbled three points , or $ 30 for each $ 1,000 face amount , to 96 1\/4 before rebounding to 99 3\/4 . 
Some casino owners have resisted the temptation to add rooms . 
But most investment advisers do n't recommend using married puts all the time . 
This is no idle fear last year the FHA lost $ 4.2 billion in loan defaults . 
But other industry executives contend the losses could reach $ 250 million over four years and could go even higher if the World Series end in four-game romps . 
The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % . 
The deal has , as one takeover expert puts it , `` so many moving parts . 
The original is a comedy about Alceste , a man who sees falseness and vanity in everyone except himself . 
Money-fund assets have been rising at an average rate of $ 1.6 billion a week in recent months , Ms. Negus said , reflecting the relatively high yields . 
The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as Anaheim-Santa Ana , Calif. ; Boston ; Louisville , Ky. ; Nassau-Suffolk , N.Y. ; New York ; Pittsburgh ; San Diego ; San Francisco ; Seattle ; and Washington . 
The film producer , owned by Madrid-based financier Jacques Hachuel , received a 5 % stake in the Barcelona-based publishing group . 
Britain 's industrial production rose 1.5 % in August from July and was up 0.9 % from August 1988 , according to provisional data from the Central Statistical Office . 
That reflects the huge drop a week ago Friday , last Monday 's rebound and the dips and blips that followed . 
In addition to the increased reserve , the savings bank took a special charge of $ 5 million representing general and administrative expenses from staff reductions and other matters , and it posted a $ 7.6 million reduction in expected mortgage servicing fees , reflecting the fact that more borrowers are prepaying their mortgages . 
He 'll be there wherever there 's money to be made , laughs Mr. Kori , the secretary . 
Nothing , I assumed , would be more hopelessly dated than a political satire on the Iran-Contra affair . 
Carl Banerian Jr . Birmingham , Mich . 
It will have 61 plants from coast to coast and $ 1.5 billion in annual sales . 
The real estate investment trust said the `` purported class action suit , '' seeks `` damages and other remedies under federal securities law and state law . '' 
Under the contract Hydro-Quebec was to supply 400 megawatts of power to Central Maine Power starting in 1992 , 600 megawatts starting in 1995 and 900 megawatts starting in 
Volume on the first section was estimated at 800 million shares , compared with 841 million Wednesday . 
Congress is in no position to naysay Mr. Bush now that we 're into Gramm-Rudman 's sequestration . 
The problem is so vast that we need to try innovative solutions -- in small-scale experiments . 
Instead , the group is raising the proposal informally to try to test the board 's reaction . 
The sudden growth of the opposition movement , together with the steady outflow of citizens escaping through Poland and Hungary , has plunged the country into its deepest political crisis since an anti-Soviet workers ' uprising in 1953 . 
`` If you can use data to reconstruct what happened in the past , you have much more confidence in predictions for the future , '' said Lonnie Thompson , a research scientist at Ohio State who dug for and analyzed the ice samples . 
Mr. Rezneck is a lawyer in Washington , D.C . 
In fact , a sister company , Daewoo Shipbuilding and Heavy Machinery , plans to build 240,000 minicars by the mid-1990s . 
Funds for drilling may inch up more next year if oil prices stay stable . 
European multinationals do likewise ; even in America , their affiliates are usually run by American managers . 
Examiners from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency had been combing through First Interstate 's real-estate portfolio since last month ; they first recommended that First Interstate take a provision that was less than the eventual $ 350 million third-quarter hit . 
On the other hand , Symbol Technologies dropped 1 1\/4 to 18 1\/2 after Shearson Lehman Hutton lowered its short-term investment rating on the stock and its 1989 earnings estimate , and Commodore International fell 7\/8 to 8 after the company said it expects to post a loss for the September quarter . 
In Tokyo on Monday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.95 yen , up from Friday 's Tokyo close of 141.35 yen . 
Rep. Dingell even managed to enlist the services of the Secret Service in his investigation of the Baltimore paper . 
Pockets exploded with one-yen coins . 
Ms. Clifton had been executive financial assistant to the chairman . 
Yesterday , Mr. Blum , 41 , said he was n't aware of plans at Ladenburg to name a co-chairman to succeed Mr. Koenig and said the board would need to approve any appointments or title changes . 
At Chrysler 's 1990 model preview last month , Chrysler Motors President Robert A. Lutz said the No. 3 auto maker , along with other U.S. manufacturers , might be forced to `` realign ... capacity '' if market demand does n't improve . 
In 1986 , in another consent agreement with the SEC , Mr. Holmes was enjoined from violating the stock-registration and anti-fraud provisions of the securities laws . 
Some analysts believe China soon will begin relaxing economic controls , particularly by loosening credit . 
However , some bankers cited possible parallels between the Waertsilae Marine case and the collapse of Norway 's state-owned Kongsberg Vappenfabrikk AS two years ago . 
An estimated $ 38.9 million was set aside for military installations in the home state of North Carolina Rep. W.G. Hefner , the House chairman . 
`` UAL is a small deal as far as the overall market is concerned . 
Merck , Rahway , N.J. , continued to lead the industry with a strong sales performance in the human and animal health-products segment . 
Overall access minutes of use increased 10.3 % and toll messages jumped 5.2 % . 
The benchmark 11 3\/4 % Treasury bond due 2003\/2007 rose 1\/8 to 111 21\/32 to yield 10.11 % , while the 12 % issue of 1995 rose 3\/32 to 103 23\/32 to yield 11.01 % . 
One DEA agent drew up a list of five options for dealing with Col. Noriega , one of which was assassination . 
Third-quarter profits fell at several companies . 
Specifically , Fujitsu won the right to design the specifications for a computerized system that will show water lines throughout the city . 
The best baseball teams win six of 10 games and the worst win four of 10 . 
Confidence in the pound is widely expected to take another sharp dive if trade figures for September , due for release tomorrow , fail to show a substantial improvement from July and August 's near-record deficits . 
A UPS spokesman said that although none of the company 's terminals , trucks or airplanes were damaged in the quake , road shutdowns and power failures have impeded its pickup and delivery of packages . 
Even staunch anti-bike Sierra members concede that 10 % of all riders cause most of the problems . 
The split and quarterly dividend will be payable Jan. 3 to stock of record Nov. 16 , the company said . 
Bonds : 
In their new contract this year , American Telephone & Telegraph Co. and the Communications Workers of America agreed to look for `` prompt and lasting national solutions '' to rising health-care costs . 
Moody 's said the proposed recaptilization may `` limit the company 's ability to realize its profit potential '' and that paying dividends from a new series of preferred could squeeze `` basic business operations . '' 
For more than a decade , Mr. Etzioni , the sociologist , has been a leading critic of the masseurs . 
That would require fourth-quarter net of more than about 22 cents to 24 cents a share , assuming that Mr. Stein 's third-quarter estimate proves accurate . 
President Frank Richardson attributed the decline to lower natural gas prices , which countered higher earnings from the crude oil sector of Shell 's exploration and production operation . 
`` If you do n't know what the rules of the game are , it 's hard to start your fund-raising or design , '' said Dana Smith , an official with Team Dennis Conner . 
Petrolane Gas Service 's 13 1\/4 % debentures traded at 102 , after trading around par earlier this week , and RJR 's 13 1\/2 % subordinated debentures of 2001 were at 101 5\/8 after trading at below par earlier this week . 
MORE EXECUTIVES and their spouses are seeking counseling as work and family pressures mount . 
The rates , which take effect Jan. 2 , include a 4 % increase for national edition advertising . 
Anheuser noted that `` beer industry sales volume is 1989 is following the trend that has characterized the last half of the '80s , with sales volume being essentially flat '' while consolidation creates fewer , bigger players . 
Slower growth countries included Greece , at 2.5 % , the U.K. , at 2.25 % , and Denmark , at 1.75 % . 
Last week , a Soviet delegation came to Japan to push more space technologies . 
Tokyu Corp. was up 150 at 2890 . 
And liquidity is what markets need to damp quakes and aftershocks . 
The main reason : salmonella . 
`` We could have shouted from the rooftops about Courter ... and no one would have heard us . '' 
The glut and consequent lower prices , combined with cancer fears , was a very serious blow to growers . 
United Technologies Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 500 million unsubordinated non-convertible unsecured debt securities . 
Replacing the cathode-ray tube with a large , thin screen is the key to the creation of a high-definition television , or HDTV , which is expected to become a $ 30 billion business world-wide within a decade . 
In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug-related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment . 
`` Unless there is an enormous rate of economic growth or a further drop in the dollar , it 's unlikely that consumption of U.S. produced steel will grow sufficiently to offset the growth of minimills . '' 
Flexible Portfolio Funds 
He explains that he was `` merely storing the paintings at home -- with some display -- because of the special dehumidified environment '' required for their safekeeping , until CenTrust 's new building was ready for them . 
Today , it 's obvious that the brawny , six-foot , one-inch musician made the right choice . 
NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORP. , Santa Clara , semiconductor maker , annual sales of $ 1.65 billion , NYSE , said it had no major structural damage at its 30 Bay-area buildings , but two workers were injured . 
The year-ago quarter 's results include an after-tax charge of $ 5.9 million from the sale of a winery in Spain . 
`` It has made people think twice about how they use music and is forcing them to be more circumspect about doing a particular rendition of a song in its most famous form , '' he said . 
The clearance by the Food and Drug Administration comes after two years of restricted access for the youngest victims of AIDS to the only antiviral drug yet cleared to treat the fatal disease . 
Alpine , which said it does n't plan to further extend the offer , said it received $ 615,000 face amount of debt under the original offer . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Rymer closed yesterday at $ 10.875 , down 12.5 cents . 
The offer capped a week of rumors that Georgia-Pacific , an Atlanta-based forest-products company , was considering making a bid for Nekoosa , a paper-products concern based in Norwalk , Conn . 
The newest uses of the 900-interactive technology demonstrate the growing variety of applications . 
StatesWest operates four twin-engine turboprop aircraft , connecting 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada . 
The Southfield , Mich.-based company earned $ 774,000 in the quarter last year . 
He said Chrysler `` is no longer sure '' of its forecast for industry car and truck sales of 14.2 million in the 1990 model year . 
J. William Grimes , former president of ESPN , says NBC may `` come in with a huge bid for college basketball to take it away from CBS and say , ` We can overbid , too . ' 
Sen. Alan Cranston trekked over to the House side of Capitol Hill a few days ago and volunteered his testimony to fellow Democrat Rep. Henry Gonzalez . 
Sonet , or synchronous optical network , products have more capacity than earlier models . 
Ms. McCraw says she wants the campaign to help attract advertisers in 10 categories , including corporate , financial services , consumer electronics , insurance and food . 
As the stock market recovered some of its losses later in the day , bond prices retreated . 
There are also other provisions requiring Congressmen to join treaty-negotiating teams and new restrictions on OMB . 
`` It 's the total relationship that is important . '' 
Last week , the surprise resignation of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson sent the British pound into a tailspin . 
Combined revenue for the latest quarter of Time Warner was $ 2.2 billion , compared with the year-ago Time revenue of $ 1.1 billion . 
Some analysts said Inco , which had cash reserves of $ 272 million as of Sept. 30 , could still announce a special dividend in the next few months , though it would be smaller than the $ 10-a-share special dividend it paid last year . 
But most are linked by a single theme : liquidity -- the ability to get in and out of the market quickly . 
The $ 1.1 billion T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund was among the funds that borrowed during the Campeau crisis , says George J. Collins , president of T. Rowe Price Associates Inc . 
Cross & Trecker , a Bloomfield Hills , Mich. , machine-tool maker , said the net sales price of the total transaction is $ 24 million . 
In major market activity : Bond prices rose . 
In the last few weeks , Moscow has added FROG-7B missiles , the bomber version of the An-12 , MiG-23BN high-altitude aircraft , MiG-29s , which can outfly Pakistan 's U.S.-built F16s , and Sukhoi SU-27 fighter-bombers , which can outfly the MiG-29s . 
Some of the same risks that were cited -- and seemingly ignored -- in dozens of previous junk offerings . 
And considering the extra cost of such provisions , some figure that people interested in , say , paying for extended nursing-home care would be better off just buying a separate policy that provides it . 
Imports continued to outpace Philippine exports , despite gains in shipments abroad , the government National Statistics Office said . 
More broadly , he wants to `` modernize '' regulation by eliminating barriers between commercial and investment banking and by helping U.S. financial firms compete in the global market . 
`` I 've surrendered to the circumstances , '' Mr. Fedders says . 
The report says the availability of such advanced analog recording equipment as cassette recorders does n't seem to increase the quantity of home copying . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
When an electric current is applied to the palladium and platinum electrodes , the heavy water did begin to break up , or dissociate . 
The Fed has assumed a similar responsibility in the market for government securities . 
A breakdown showed that food prices were the most active part of growth with a rise of 0.6 % . 
This may seem to be a preposterous and utterly futile effort in Africa . 
Designer Sandra Garratt filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Code protection , saying that her cash flow had been cut off . 
`` People honestly lose money on risky investments that they did n't realize were a crapshoot , '' he says . 
This untried concept would expose these firms to potentially astronomical punitive damages . 
( A ratings point represents 904,000 television households ; shares indicate the percentage of sets in use . ) 
That collapse , following on the heels of disarray in the market for high-risk , high-yield bonds , cast doubt on the entire takeover business , which has fueled both big profits among Wall Street securities firms and big gains in the stock market generally . 
A year later , it was 5.7 million . 
ITT also said its consumer finance unit agreed in September to settle a civil suit with the California attorney general over alleged improper lending and sales practices . 
Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent-company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ( $ 754.4 million ) , up from 633.8 million francs last year . 
Personnel Pool ( temporary workers , mostly in the health-care area ) chips in close to 25 % of sales but only about 9 % of earnings . 
Individuals familiar with Mobil 's strategy say that Mobil is reducing its U.S. work force because of declining U.S. output . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Buying was scattered across a wide range of issues , making the session fairly characterless , traders said . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
By 1986 , the number of federal regulators was down to about 103,000 . 
`` It was a time when interest rates came down very rapidly , '' Dr. Blumenfeld recalls . 
Even if I had a lot of money , I could n't buy what I need . '' 
Profit also suffered because of `` intense '' discounting in its long-haul trucking business , the company said . 
Mr. Sorrell , traveling in the Far East , could n't be reached . 
`` We think we 're getting only 10 % of the integration dollars our customers are spending , '' he said . 
Men who have played hard all their lives are n't about to change their habits , he says . 
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments . 
More than 20 new managing directors and senior vice presidents have been hired since January . 
`` I would hope very much that we would n't end up in a kind of situation where you have a bidding war and then a veto threat . '' 
`` This will prevent a slide in industrial production , which will otherwise cause new panic buyings , '' the spokesman said . 
The government said consumer prices rose only 0.2 % last month . 
They are tentatively priced to yield from 6.45 % in 1995 to 7.10 % in 2009 . 
Then he unleashed his own , unstoppable , attack . 
Sales were nearly identical to the year-earlier $ 1.36 billion . 
Wall Street 
Today investors will focus on the long-awaited auction of $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds by Resolution Funding Corp . 
And though federal law dictates that only $ 100 million can be disbursed from that fund in any one state per disaster , administration officials expect Congress to move in to authorize spending more now in California . 
In particular , `` shadowing '' a currency is anything but fixing ; it is an open announcement that the exchange rate target has no credibility . 
Navigation Mixte has investments in a sugar company , a food and canning concern , a bakery and bus and trucking firms , among others . 
Wells Fargo & Co. said its Emergency Operations Committee -- which met all night Tuesday -- moved its global-funds transfer system to El Monte , Calif. , 500 miles to the south . 
So far , instead of teaming up , GE Capital staffers and Kidder investment bankers have bickered . 
RJR Taps FCB\/Leber 
He did n't stop until he got to Jackson Hole , Wyo . 
Any selling , they say , should be well thought-out , and executed gradually , during market rallies . 
If I am catching your attention , then read a bold and informative article in this September 's issue of Science by Ethan Nadelmann on this subject . 
Policy statement P-5-39 sets out terms . 
Maxwell agreed to sell its U.S. printing unit to Quebecor for $ 500 million , making Quebecor the No. 2 commercial printer in North America . 
They root among the designer offerings at Neiman-Marcus and Bullocks Wilshire . 
Whitbread of Britain put its spirits division up for sale , setting off a scramble among distillers . 
Dozens of Guber-Peters staffers are still working on the Warner lot and consulting on various projects on a `` daily basis , '' the attorney says . 
The availability of these drives , in turn , boosted demand for laptop computers , whose usefulness had been limited because of lack of storage . 
The market , however , is expected to remain stable and expectations for future gains are high , traders said . 
In Big Board composite trading , Schering-Plough shares fell 75 cents to close at $ 74.125 . 
Nuovo Banco 's second largest shareholder , the Fiat S.p.A.-controlled investment concern , Gemina S.p.A. , fought to have Generali 's offer approved . 
Dollar : 141.90 yen , off 0.53 ; 1.8470 marks , off 0.0108 . 
But judges usually find the real aim is to escape tax on hidden income ; and the IRS said Brown must have had such income -- although it uncovered no source -- because he deposited $ 124,732 in a bank account in 1982-84 while reporting income of only $ 52,012 . 
Mr. Laband gives us an idea why economists ' predictions are usually wrong . 
Moreover , any unexpected strengthening of the dollar would hurt Georgia-Pacific because two of Nekoosa 's major product lines -- containerboard , which is used to make shipping boxes , and market pulp -- are exported in large quantities . 
In their lexicon the 508-point collapse in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Oct. 19 , 1987 , was just a big blip . 
250 million Dutch guilders of 7 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 15 , 1999 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 7.57 % at issue price and 7.86 % less full fees , via AMRO Bank . 
So far , neither the Bush administration nor arms-control experts in Congress seem moved by arguments that these problems may take more time to thrash out than President Bush has allowed . 
He dies . 
Readers were electrified by the paper 's audacity and appalled by the dark side of life it uncovered . 
Analysts believe the car makers also will create joint ventures to develop new executive models , doubling Jaguar 's yearly output of 50,000 cars . 
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex-time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans . 
Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses . 
Opponents say Mr. Thornburgh 's plan will needlessly break up longtime , tightly knit crime-fighting units that have successfully prosecuted major organized-crime figures . 
Rafael Carrion Jr. , chairman of Banco Popular , will be the chairman of the holding company . 
The major reason : heavy outflows from high-risk , high-yield junk bond funds . 
In just these three areas , the Commerce Department found $ 23 billion more exports than previously reported and $ 11.6 billion more imports , with the net result that the U.S. service surplus in 1988 increased by $ 11.3 billion , to $ 19 billion . 
If someone asks , just lie and tell them it will be done , '' Mr. de la Bouillaire says Mr. Baird told them . 
Mr. Katz advocates issues with low price-earnings ratios -- that is , low prices in relation to the company 's earnings per share . 
So far Galileo has been delayed twice , once because of a computer malfunction connected with a space-shuttle engine , and yesterday because of the weather . 
Under the firm 's original bank credit agreement , it was required to raise $ 250 million of subordinated debt to be used to repay some of the bank borrowings drawn to redeem $ 526.3 million of increasing rate debentures in August . 
Some agencies simply keep bad loans on the books ; as late as 1987 , the Export-Import Bank held in its portfolio at face value loans made to Cuba in the 1950s . 
At that level , and given the uncertainty , he believes UAL stock should trade closer to 
But yesterday , the company said this year 's profit will be lower . 
It has n't diversified beyond steel , nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks . 
Swedish Export Credit Corp. -- # 100 million of 12 % bonds due June 15 , 1994 , priced at 101 5\/8 to yield 12.39 % annually less full fees , via Samuel Montagu & Co . 
The Dedham , Mass. , couple knew even before Bonnie became pregnant in 1987 that any child of theirs had a 50 % chance of being at risk for retinoblastoma , an eye cancer that occurs about once every 20,000 births . 
Mr. Katz notes that some economists have been predicting a recession for at least two years . 
An Exxon official said that at this time the oil company does n't anticipate any additional charges to future earnings relating to the cleanup of oil spilled when one of its tankers rammed into an underwater reef . 
OPEC Secretary-General Subroto explains : Consumers offer security of markets , while OPEC provides security of supply . 
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second-quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said . 
The plan is subject to a satisfactory due diligence investigation of Carol Cable by Penn Central , a definitive agreement and regulatory approvals . 
Federal health officials are expected today to approve a program granting long-deferred access to the drug AZT for children with acquired immune deficiency syndrome . 
However , Mr. Krenz also has a reputation for being politically savvy . 
The statement was part of a Ford filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Seagram 's gin is the world 's No. 2 gin brand , but the company does n't own any of the major gin brands imported in the U.S. . 
Negative answers crackle back . 
The bills will be dated Oct. 31 and will mature Dec. 21 , 
Joseph Jr. runs Coors Ceramics Co. , the other operating unit , which had about $ 150 million in 1988 sales . 
Darkness fell . 
They say they now get three or four `` legitimate '' calls a week from people harried by haunts . 
The new line is aimed directly at International Business Machines Corp . 
Although crude oil prices were significantly higher this year , they were n't strong enough to offset the declining profits in those business sectors at most oil companies , said William Randol , oil analyst for First Boston Corp . 
Jocelyn Tomkin Astronomy Department University of 
Under the guise of `` healing the wounds of the nation , '' President Carter pardoned thousands of draft evaders , thus giving dignity to their allegations of the war 's `` immorality . '' 
Any settlement is also expected to exclude Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from any of the projects they were working on at Warner . 
This is the fifth year Citizens for Tax Justice has released a study on corporate tax bills . 
Early yesterday , Carnival said in a company statement that it had been `` notified unofficially '' that Waertsilae Marine Industries , the Finnish shipyard that is building its three new cruise ships , planned to file for bankruptcy . 
What with Halloween coming and bigger defense cuts looming , more and more Pentagon bureaucrats are crawling under their desks . 
Lincoln 's treatment by former thrift regulators , in an agency disbanded by the new law , has proved embarrassing for five senators who received thousands of dollars in campaign contributions from Mr. Keating . 
Sens. John Glenn ( D. , Ohio ) , John McCain , ( R. , Ariz. ) and Alan Cranston ( D. , Calif. ) also received substantial contributions from Mr. Keating and sought to intervene on behalf of Lincoln . 
Finally , even the time-honored strategy called `` value investing '' no longer means what it once did . 
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet . 
Thrombinar , a drug used to stanch bleeding , was sold to Jones Medical Industries Inc. , St. Louis . 
The Paris bank does n't publish that figure . 
Amusing as she is , and frivolous as she can seem , this is a serious person with some difficult memories . 
Even suburban Prince George 's County , Md. , reported last week there have been a record 96 killings there this year , most of them drug-related . 
The Supreme Court let stand a New York court 's ruling that the manufacturers of a drug once used to prevent miscarriages must share liability for injuries or deaths when the maker of an individual dose is unknown . 
`` I think there 's overwhelming evidence to indicate probable criminal activity , '' said Mr. Meek , who participated last year in an examination of the Irvine , Calif. , thrift . 
His strength lies in his majoritarian doctrine , which keeps the Court clear of transient group pressures and leaves most decisions in a democracy to elected legislatures and executives . 
One sign that more Soviet purchases are possible is that U.S. grain companies yesterday bought an unusually large amount of corn futures contracts . 
The channel reaches 6.5 million homes , a Penney spokesman said . 
`` In essence we have made a decision to clear the decks , '' Mr. Bond told the meeting . 
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.60 % one month ; 8.60 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
Hoechst AG said it will stop producing fertilizer in 1990 because of continued losses and a bleak outlook . 
The 77-year-old official , who oversaw the building of the Berlin Wall , was removed during a meeting of the 163-member Communist Party Central Committee in East Berlin . 
The journalistic consensus was that the earthquake made the World Series seem unimportant . 
A dangerous buildup this year of billions of dollars in inter-company debts threatens , if unchecked , to bring the economy to a collapse . 
Yesterday , in documents filed in connection with that case , Warner accused Sony officials of falsely claiming that they never read the five-year contract requiring the two producers to make movies exclusively for Columbia , citing Securities and Exchange Commission filings made by Sony that described the contracts . 
He thinks that without a recession copper prices could exceed a high of $ 1.65 a pound , which was reached last year . 
`` Obviously , there are quantitative limitations on the assistance we can provide , '' concedes Baron David de Rothschild , `` but we feel we have some cards to play . '' 
The second hotel , to be called the Budapest Hotel , is to be constructed at a site even closer to Red Square . 
The ordinance , in Moon Township , prohibits locating a group home for the handicapped within a mile of another such facility . 
`` They 've had this field to themselves for over a year now , and they 've been greatly rewarded , '' said Bob Katsive , an analyst at Disk\/Trend Inc. , a market researcher in Los Altos , Calif . 
Operating-profit margins slipped almost 18 % , to 4.3 % of sales , the analyst noted . 
Ford ca n't make a full-fledged bid for Jaguar until U.K. government restrictions expire . 
Fawn Hall , Oliver North 's former secretary , has yet to launch a hoped-for television news career , according to her lawyer . 
The contract fell five points at the open to 323.85 , the maximum opening move allowed under safeguards adopted by the Merc to stem a market slide . 
`` Prime Time Live , '' a new show this season featuring Sam Donaldson and Diane Sawyer , has a studio audience that applauds and that one night ( to the embarrassment of the network ) waved at the camera like the crowd on `` Let 's Make a Deal . '' 
In the meantime , Russia gave Nicaragua another powerful radio transmitter , which has been installed in the city of Esteli . 
In September 1971 California officials seized `` bootlegged '' lenses -- made by unlicensed companies -- after some showed traces of bacteria . 
In addition , IBM 's growth in software in the third quarter was just 8.8 % , well below historical levels even when adjusted to reflect last year 's payment from Fujitsu and the stronger dollar . 
Lyondell Petrochemical Co. said third-quarter net income fell 54 % , to $ 73 million , or 91 cents a share , from $ 160 million a year earlier . 
Mr. Thornburgh will be free to disband the strike forces after Congress approves a $ 479 million appropriation for federal law-enforcement and drug-interdiction agencies , according to David Runkel , a Justice Department spokesman . 
But that deal fell through in September after it became clear that the sale would lead to a major real estate tax reassessment , raising property taxes , and making it difficult to lease the building at competitive prices . 
One of the artist 's earliest Fax works was `` Little Stanley Sleeping , '' a portrait of his dog . 
UAL 's stock regained most of an early loss amid speculation one or more investors may challenge the airline 's decision to stay independent . 
`` All of the city 's $ 5.9 million emergency reserve was spent in the first 24 hours '' on overtime salaries , he said . 
The prospect of such a takeover fight has sent Jaguar shares soaring in recent weeks . 
The heaviest damage was reported in Tipasa , about 40 miles west of Algiers . 
Southam agreed to sell its 47 % stake in Selkirk Communications Ltd. , a broadcasting concern , to Maclean Hunter Ltd. for about C$ 285 million last year . 
In the year-ago quarter , net totaled $ 14.7 million , or 38 cents a share , including $ 4 million , or 10 cents a share , reflecting a tax-loss carry-forward . 
He had been vice president of the department , which was formerly called the real estate department . 
The tax payments will leave Unisys with $ 225 million in loss carry-forwards that will cut tax payments in future quarters . 
The move by the Convention on Trade in Endangered Species , meeting in Switzerland , places the elephant on the endangered-species list . 
Only 42 % of last year 's respondents anticipated slowing growth . 
Another analyst said that , if there was any concern , it was that a strike could encourage other walkouts in Chile . 
As we streaked by a blase gendarme , I could n't resist rearing up on my soggy loafers and saluting . 
Eastern at the time disputed those assessments and called the experts ' report `` completely off base . '' 
Thereafter , the rate will be renegotiated . 
Analysts said those estimates -- which range from about $ 1.80 a share to $ 1.95 a share -- are based on Fantasy being in operation in 1990 . 
In the year-ago third quarter , Time on its own reported net income of $ 81 million , or $ 1.42 a share . 
The proposed transaction is the latest in a redeployment of assets by the Los Angeles-based oil company that has included the $ 200 million sale of its headquarters property and the pending sale of half of its Chicago refinery and related marketing operations to Petroleos de Venezuela S.A . 
They strongly suggest that Justice 's prosecutions of Drexel Burnham Lambert , Michael Milken and Princeton\/Newport violated notions of fundamental fairness . 
Published in 1949 , it follows the decline of a Cairo family with the saga-like sweep and rich detail that critics often compare to Dickens , Balzac and Galsworthy . 
Widely expected to open 10 to 15 cents a barrel higher on the strength of statistics from the American Petroleum Institute , the December contract managed to start the session only eight cents higher . 
Sandoz AG , a major Swiss chemical and pharmaceutical group , said that its group sales rose 25 % to 9.482 billion francs ( $ 5.80 billion ) in the first nine months of this year , with strong gains in all divisions . 
The Big Three U.S. auto makers posted losses in their core North American automotive businesses for the third quarter , and expectations of continued slow vehicle sales and price wars are casting a pall over the fourth period . 
American Brands is a consumer products company with core businesses in tobacco , distilled spirits and life insurance . 
About 47 % are loyal for one to five of the products . 
For the nine months , Conrail earnings grew 0.4 % to $ 229 million , or $ 3.34 a share , from $ 228 million , or $ 3.31 a share . 
The quarter net was below analyst expectations mainly because truck-parts sales did n't rebound in September from the summer doldrums as they usually do , said Patrick E. Sheridan , analyst with McDonald & Co . 
While it has predicted that overall growth in unit sales of personal computers is slowing to about a 10 % yearly rate , its own products are selling at a much faster rate because many are geared to the high-performance end of the market . 
Computers have made trading more rapid , but that can be fixed with some fine-tuning . 
The two groups have been working together since the late 1970s , long before Soviet joint ventures were the rage in the West . 
While the industrial average rallied on Monday following last Friday 's collapse , the OTC market , which did n't suffer too badly during the correction , tumbled . 
The protesters lie down in the street , blocking traffic , and will not move until the authorities carry them away . 
That rule gives boards of directors wide latitude in deciding how to deal with dissident shareholders . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
As a result , the officials said they are open to making a variety of deals with Senate Democrats to win their support for a capital-gains tax cut . 
It came to light that a substantial number of Rockefeller 's faculty were upset over or even opposed to Dr. Baltimore 's impending appointment . 
People did n't believe we were in tune with the marketplace , and in many ways we were n't . '' 
James L. Madson , 46 years old , was named a vice president and assistant general manager of this producer of copper and other minerals . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 4.75 billion from $ 4.22 billion . 
Security is 60 % to 70 % of the common area charges of these centers , vs. an industry average of about 15 % . 
East Germany , it is clear , is no Poland , where the Communist Party now shares power with the democratically elected Solidarity union . 
When Robert McDuffie was 14 , he got a chance to play in the starting lineup for his high school basketball team in Macon , Ga . 
Mr. Uhr said that Mr. Petrie or his company have been accumulating Deb Shops stock for several years , each time issuing a similar regulatory statement . 
Automated machines coextrude long plastic sheaths with graphite-plastic cores that are printed , cut , painted and eraser-fitted . 
Great Western , based in Beverly Hills , Calif. , is a financial services firm and parent to Great Western Bank , an S&L . 
After hours of negotiating that stretched late into Thursday night , underwriters priced the 12-year issue of resettable senior subordinated debentures at par to yield 14.75 % , higher than the 14.5 % that had been expected . 
`` The week ending the 24th is going to save the entire month for everyone . 
Judith Valente contributed to this article . 
Sumitomo Bank donated $ 500,000 , Tokyo prefecture $ 15,000 and the city of Osaka $ 10,000 . 
In Tokyo Tuesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.80 yen , down from Monday 's Tokyo close of 142.40 yen . 
Now along comes Stephen Jay Gould to dash this flattering illusion . 
Independent directors would have veto rights to any acquisition if they unanimously decide it is n't in LIN 's best interest . 
The heavy-construction sector was the session 's best performer among Dow Jones industry groups ; Fluor rose 3\/4 to 33 3\/8 , Morrison Knudsen gained 2 1\/4 to 44 1\/8 , Foster Wheeler added 3\/8 to 18 1\/4 and Ameron climbed 2 3\/8 to 39 3\/4 . 
That 's even less than the 4.35 % total return of the Merrill Lynch High-Yield Index . 
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest . 
The price will depend on how much Picop shares fetch on the local stock market . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Mr. Eddington sees alliances with other carriers -- particularly Cathay 's recent link with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines -- as an important part of Cathay 's strategy . 
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care . 
Those companies , in turn , paid Mr. Peterson commissions and fees , the suit alleges . 
Old Stone 's construction lending portfolio includes about $ 250 million in real-estate loans outstanding . 
What you want to know is when the road 's rough , when there 's snow and ice , how 's this car going to perform ? '' 
Analysts and financial officials in the British colony consider the new contract essential to the revival of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange , which has never fully recovered from the October 1987 crash . 
`` I do n't think there 's a lot in the wings '' in other sectors of the economy to keep growth above 1 % , he said . 
Citizens & Southern Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Security Pacific Corp. 's New York-based factoring unit . 
The problem here , analysts say , is that if Paribas wins its 66.7 % , remaining Navigation Mixte shares will fall in value . 
I did n't say this , and I 'm totally opposed to the philosophy expressed by the quote . 
And that , naturally , exacerbates price movements . 
`` If they had this much trouble with Chicago & North Western , they are going to have an awful time with the rest . '' 
Now that a key member of the San Diego Yacht Club team is splitting off to form his own team , even more competition lies ahead . 
Orin Kramer , an insurance consultant in New York , estimates that the 1906 San Francisco destruction , on an inflation-adjusted basis , included insured losses of $ 5.8 billion . 
Now , some see Mr. Bush trapped in a position he is neither comfortable with nor able to escape . 
Some results are self-explanatory . 
Stelco said it has an option to lease a 350,000-square-foot building in Brantford and proposes to spend 24.5 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 20.9 million ) on the facility . 
At the bottom of the slump , Schlumberger Inc. was discounting 75 % on an electronic evaluation of a well ; now it discounts about 50 % , drillers say . 
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake-up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet . 
But China 's official Xinhua News Agency reported that the number of foreign businessmen was greater than the previous fair -- without providing statistics . 
The company supplies drives to Compaq and Zenith Data Systems , the top two U.S. manufacturers of laptops , and to Toshiba Corp. , NEC Corp. and Sharp Corp. , the leading Japanese laptop makers . 
These include , among other parts , each jetliner 's two major bulkheads , a pressure floor , torque box , fixed leading edges for the wings and an aft keel beam . 
Last week , a young black girl claimed she had been raped by a white police officer ( a la Tawana Brawley ) . 
For some investors , it 's the appearances that leave them deceived . 
Investors expect SunGard Data Systems , a company that provides disaster recovery services for computer-dependent businesses , to profit from the earthquake . 
But Mr. Runkel said the government is n't `` backing off on these kinds of matters at all . 
Like other major American cities , the San Francisco -- Oakland area owes its current prosperity more to its infrastructure of fiber-optic cables linking thousands of computer terminals and telephones than to its location astride one of the world 's great natural harbors . 
`` It 's like kicking the tires of a car ... . 
Steven C. Walker , senior vice president of this bank holding company , was named president , chief executive officer and a director of both Commercial National and Commercial National Bank . 
MEDUSA Corp. said it voluntarily prepaid $ 7 million on its original $ 75 million term loan , bringing the total debt reduction for the year to $ 18 million . 
`` The word surrender has a precise psychoanalytic meaning . 
For Warner , meanwhile , it gives the company a second young partner with a finger on the pulse of the hottest trends in the music business . 
Digital 's failure to deliver a true mainframe-class machine before now may have cost the company as much as $ 1 billion in revenue in fiscal 1989 , Mr. Willman says . 
In response , Mr. Peters says , Mr. Ross referred to his colleagues at Warner with an `` obscenity '' and said : `` Tell them that they do n't have a job . 
The council 's report is based on data the trade group buys from the U.S. Census Bureau . 
The airline had allowed them to move ahead of some union members in seniority following the 1985 strike , a move the union had contested in a previous lawsuit . 
The procedure causes `` great uncertainty '' because an investor ca n't be sure of his or her individual liability , Lloyd 's said . 
They were succeeded by executives of Fresenius USA Inc. and its parent , Fresenius AG , which owns about 45 % of Delmed . 
The White House used television appearances and leaks to argue that congressionally imposed restrictions on covert actions made U.S. support for such coups difficult . 
B.A.T Industries may delay part of its defensive restructuring plan , including the sale of its Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field units . 
The average drifted in a trading range of about 30 points throughout the day . 
The U.S. should take care , however , that its own position in the country does not go down with him . 
The dollar rose modestly against most major currencies . 
A special committee of United Merchants directors said that in view of uncertainties regarding various legal and financial considerations , it could n't recommend the plan to the full board . 
The real culprits , they said , are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products . 
Jackals roam the streets at night , and gemsbok , hardy antelope with long straight horns , wander in from the desert to drink from water sprinklers . 
Nippon Kangyo 's moves puzzled traders and created confusion among potential investors , many of whom decided to stay out of the market . 
But the board said it was n't interested for now . 
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written . 
`` We 've approached this not as a response to a temporary condition in the industry but as a fundamental change the industry is going through , '' Mr. Unruh said . 
Corporate due process appeals to management for a variety of reasons . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set March 9 . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
When Aetna adjuster Bill Schaeffer visited a retired couple in Oakland last Thursday , he found them living in a mobile home parked in front of their yard . 
The consensus view on September leading indicators calls for a gain of 0.3 % , the same as in August . 
Why , a Bob Gates might even have said , `` Nor are Soviet problems susceptible to rescue from abroad through abundant Western credits . '' 
Expenses in the quarter dropped 11.2 % to $ 664.3 million from $ 747.7 million a year ago . 
Arthur H. Rosenfeld , previously president of the Prentice Hall Tax and Professional Services division , was named president of the newly formed Macmillan Professional and Business Reference division . 
People have a sense the government is ignoring the real problems in our society . '' 
Mr. Sherman is a professor of criminology at the University of Maryland and president of the Crime Control Institute in Washington , D.C . 
Ciba Corning , which had been a 50-50 venture between Basel-based Ciba-Geigy and Corning , has annual sales of about $ 300 million , the announcement said . 
It 's focused on streamlining '' PWA 's fleet in a bid to cut training and aircraft servicing costs , the analyst said . 
For the nine months , net income rose 19 % to $ 449 million , or $ 2.40 a share , from $ 375.9 million , or $ 2.01 a share , a year earlier . 
But Congress still could resolve the issue with other legislation this year or next , Starr adds . 
And so on . 
There is such a maze of federal , state and local codes that `` building inspectors are backing away from interpreting them , '' Mr. Dooling says . 
Both movies are infused with the nostalgic sensibility of someone much older , someone who does n't dismiss dreams , but who also has enough experience to see his limits . 
The redemption then would be at 1.5 % of the total debt , increasing to 2.5 % in February 1991 , and to 3 % at six-month intervals thereafter . 
Traders said hedging related to the TVA pricing also pressured Treasury bonds . 
`` It is important to the cable industry that we have a vibrant and competitive pay-television marketplace , '' Mr. Malone said in a statement . 
The $ 6.07 billion increase was the strongest weekly inflow since January 1988 . 
And the naczelnik shuts his door . 
That 's certainly good news for such companies as Compaq Computer Corp. , Houston , which has only a four-day supply of microprocessors from the Valley on hand because of a just-in-time manufacturing approach that limits the buildup of inventory . 
Alcohol and substance abuse as a result of stress-related problems was cited by 30 % of those polled . 
( Keeping cool is a Dinkins priority : On humid days this summer , he was known to change his double-breasted suits as many as four times a day . ) 
`` Five were interested . '' 
`` The carpetbaggers , '' snorts the narrator with a Texas twang , `` have packed their bags and went . '' 
`` We are still only half way through the turnaround of this company , and there are many more things to do , '' President Kume says . 
Digital also said it has dispatched teams of technicians to California . 
`` It is just one of a number of strategies JAL has embarked upon to come to terms with the situation in Europe after 1992 , '' the deadline for ending trade barriers in the EC , he said . 
THE CHILDREN of Los Angeles will soon have their own $ 52 million courthouse . 
Eventually , Texaco , which was forced into bankruptcy proceedings by that litigation , settled its fight with Pennzoil for $ 3 billion in 1986 . 
Mr. Stoltzman must have worried that his audience might not be able to take it : He warned us in advance that `` New York Counterpoint '' lasts 11 1\/2 minutes . 
But approval is almost certain since Mr. Rey and a friendly Adia management are in control . 
`` There 's nothing like skin to skin . 
The stock closed yesterday at $ 33.625 , giving Mr. Icahn 's 33.6 million shares a value of $ 1.13 billion . 
`` The earning power { of gold mining companies } is restricted unless the gold price hops up over $ 425 an ounce , '' he says . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said that a $ 150 million senior subordinated discount debenture issue by R.P. Scherer Drugs is expected by the end of the month . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Tuesday . 
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich . 
Elena Scambio , the woman assigned to run the Jersey City school system that was taken over by the state , says her top priority will be to `` cut through the dead hand of bureaucracy . '' 
He gave no further details . 
At 555 W. 57th St. in Manhattan , one floor below the offices of `` 60 Minutes , '' the most successful prime-time news program ever , actors wait in the reception area to audition for `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung . '' 
Partners in the survey who devote most of their time to practicing law earned an average of about $ 217,000 . 
In today 's markets , specialists ( on the New York Stock Exchange ) and `` upstairs '' market makers ( in the over-the-counter market ) are the only market participants allowed to play a direct role in the price-determination process . 
`` Never Too Young '' is a different sort of work , focusing on the 1986 death from cocaine ingestion of Bias , a University of Maryland basketball star ticketed for sure pro stardom . 
Mr. Whitten 's package appears to accomplish this purpose , but the state faces more resistance in its bid for an extended waiver on having to put up any matching funds on repairs completed in the next six months . 
In the first scenario , the reserves would be exhausted next year , and in the second they would be wiped out in 1991 . 
Colony banks have a major stake in how interest rates move because of their enormous Hong Kong-dollar exposure . 
As the country 's new leader , Egon Krenz , prepared to travel to Moscow today for talks with Soviet leader Gorbachev , hundreds of thousands of East Germans massed in the streets of Leipzig , Halle and Schwerin to call for internal freedoms and the legalization of the New Forum opposition group . 
The company said a new chief operating officer wo n't be appointed . 
But the public policy issues raised by earthquake damage will be difficult to address , Mr. Johnson predicted . 
In most civil cases , judges allow each side three such challenges . 
Not that getting into town was easy . 
`` From the beginning , { they } knew we had a goal and a dream , '' says Mr. Guber . 
But the continuing pressures for free-market economics suggest the conference 's vision was not all fantasy . 
He was all too aware of how a large , inadequately supervised NSC staff had spun out of control and nearly wrecked President Reagan 's second term . 
Despite the increase , the British currency slid below a perceived threshold of three marks early last week . 
Industrywide , oil production in this country fell by 500,000 barrels a day to 7.7 million barrels in the first eight months of this year . 
A 10 % gain in operating profit in the quarter was offset by a 21 % boost in interest expense , reflecting higher consolidated borrowings and interest rates . 
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense . 
`` The capriciousness would completely disrupt our operations , '' says Ernesto Vega Velasco , Desc 's finance director . 
But that does n't mean `` half of the students attending Berkeley '' will be admitted this way . 
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings . 
Dow Jones industrials 2689.14 , up 5.94 ; transportation 1230.80 , off 32.71 ; utilities 215.48 , up 0.06 . 
`` We 're making a fairly obvious plea for some emotional reaction , '' says Tom Rost , creative director at Ogilvy & Mather . 
In 1987 , the Supreme Court attempted in McNally v. U.S. to halt the inexorable expansion of these statutes by adopting a rule of strict construction for ambiguous criminal statues . 
A piece down , the computer resigned . 
Diamond-Star Motors Corp. , a joint venture of Chrysler Corp. and Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said it will begin shipping Mitsubishi Eclipse cars to Japan next week , emulating other Japanese auto ventures shipping U.S.-built vehicles back to Japan . 
Vietnam is finding that turning a stagnant socialist order into a dynamic free market does n't come easy . 
And Japanese investors took up nearly all of two $ 200 million Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits , a kind of collateralized mortgage obligation , that were offered to foreigners this year . 
Warner , which is in the process of merging with Time Warner Inc. , says it is willing to settle the matter out of court . 
Ameritech Corp. 's earnings increased 2.8 % , after strong revenue gains were offset somewhat by refunds and rate reductions imposed by regulators in its Midwest territory . 
PLO leader Arafat asked Egypt to seek clarifications from the U.S. on Secretary of State Baker 's plan for Mideast peace talks , an aide to Egyptian President Mubarak said . 
China might stave off a crisis if it acts as forcefully as it did to arrest the 1985 decline , when Beijing slammed the brakes on foreign-exchange spending and devalued the currency . 
But his first crop wo n't be picked till next year . 
The prices of cattle , hogs and pork belly futures contracts rebounded as livestock traders shook off fears that the Friday stock market plunge would chill consumer spending , which in turn would hurt retail sales of beef and pork . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Posix is one of three or four versions of UNIX , but it is increasingly required by the federal government as it tries to standardize its computer systems . 
There is a small Renoir on the wall . 
Reynolds is the third big aluminum company since Friday to report disappointing earnings . 
Blacks and Hispanics currently make up 38 % of the city 's population and hold only 25 % of the seats on the council . 
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday . 
Mr. Shupe is co-author ( with David G. Bromley ) of `` ` Moonies ' in America : Cult , Church , and Crusade '' and `` Strange Gods : The Great American Cult Scare . 
In addition to a large amount of investment trust fund cash , analysts generally see the market environment improving compared with the past couple of weeks . 
Arvind Patel , a processor and exporter of the seed , raves : `` If psyllium takes the place of oat bran , it will be huge . '' 
The management turnover at Reebok International Ltd. continued with the resignation of company president C. Joseph LaBonte , who joined Reebok just two years ago . 
The maker of document image processing equipment said the state procurement division had declared FileNet in default on its contract with the secretary of state uniform commercial code division . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
But a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee will quiz SEC Chairman Breeden Wednesday , and Treasury Secretary Brady will go before the Senate Banking panel Thursday . 
Solidarity wants it from the West . 
The main obstacle is finding a way to pay for them . 
Now you discover that you never learned the most important lesson : How to send your kids to college . 
For its employees to sign up for the options , a college also must approve the plan . 
Presidio , a Denver oil and gas concern , said it will acquire the properties and operations of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes two regional gas-gathering systems and proved reserves of about nine million barrels of oil and 72 billion cubic feet of natural gas . 
He felt we should be giving something back . '' 
In late New York trading the dollar was at 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen compared with 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen Wednesday . 
But though a weakening economy implies reduced demand , Mr. Kaiser said that Third World copper-producing countries have n't any choice but to sell copper . 
There are $ 120.7 million of 7 1\/8 % term bonds due 2008 , priced to yield 7.30 % . 
`` It was certainly good to have him handy , '' Mrs. Bobar says . 
Nasdaq stocks that showed a drop in short interest included Adobe Systems , Class A shares of Tele-Communications and takeover targets Lyphomed and Jerrico . 
Gary Ciminero , economist at Fleet\/Norstar Financial Group , Providence , R.I. , expects the deflator to rise 3.7 % , well below the second quarter 's 4.6 % , partly because of what he believes will be temporarily better price behavior . 
To simplify the calculations , commissions on the option and underlying stock are n't included in the table . 
The company said it may install additional processing units at the refinery to produce higher octane gasolines and other products . 
The second incident took place after Mr. McDuffie gave an ambitious student recital and was feeling rather pleased with himself . 
One advantage that federal officials have in handling earthquake relief is the large number of military facilities in the San Francisco Bay area , facilities that provide a ready base of supplies and workers . 
Time to relax and enjoy ourselves is always taken up by something to do with football ( meetings , lifting weights , conditioning or films ) . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , LIN rose 50 cents , to $ 109.25 . 
Ponce Federal said the dividend was suspended in anticipation of more stringent capital requirements under the Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery , and Enforcement Act of 1989 . 
In the case of Beatrice , Salomon Brothers Inc. is considering restructuring the reset mechanism on the $ 200 million portion of the offering . 
`` Such bonds are very sensitive to the downside , and this could be a disaster . '' 
If USAir stepped up its share purchases , that might be a way for Mr. Steinhardt to get out , says Timothy Pettee , a Merrill Lynch analyst . 
Mr. Phelan has been viewed by many exchange members as being indifferent to stock-price swings caused by program trades . 
Offices with outside windows have inside windows , too , to let in more real daylight . 
`` They 're anticipating further declines in rates and they 're going to get them , slowly , '' said Walter Frank , chief economist for the Donoghue Organization , publisher of Money Fund Report . 
The bill also provides $ 620.5 million to meet U.S. contributions to international organizations and $ 80 million for peace-keeping activities . 
LAW FIRM NOTES : 
Resolution Funding Corp. , known as Refcorp , a division of a new government agency created to bail out the nation 's troubled savings and loan associations , will hold its first bond auction Wednesday , when it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds . 
The suit , which seeks compensatory and punitive damages of $ 1 million , alleges that the firing of Marcia Trees Levine violated New York state 's human-rights law . 
Lawyers for the Garcias said they plan to appeal . 
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . '' 
Separately , the New York Times reported that the Israeli government had provided its correspondent in Jerusalem with different documents that Israel said prove the PLO has been conducting terrorism from the occupied Arab territories . 
As Ruth , Moira Harris , a large and beautiful woman who may be our next Colleen Dewhurst , begins almost immediately to overpower each of the men . 
Indeed , the older couple 's portfolio could actually be riskier in that sense if the expected return wo n't generate enough dollars to meet their spending plans . 
But the Gutfreund workers went ahead anyway , only to be captured `` in flagrante '' by Joan Postel , who called the police . 
While many of these buildings sustained heavy damage , little of that involved major structural damage . 
Fujitsu Ltd. is lavishing the most expensive promotion campaign in its history -- including a 100,000-guest bash at Tokyo Dome -- for its sophisticated sound\/graphics FM Towns machine , which it advertises for everything from balancing the family checkbook to practicing karaoke , bar singing . 
Mr. Merksamer and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , were unavailable for comment . 
However , it does n't give much of a clue as to whether a recession is on the horizon . 
EAST GERMANY'S KRENZ WARNED against further pro-democracy protests . 
However , a catalyst like Coniston could seek shareholder support for a sale to a labor-management group at the last price discussed by that group before the board meeting Monday . 
But the device obscures more than it illuminates . 
He last made waves when he dared to defend an Indian girl who had been adopted by non-Indian parents off her reservation . 
`` People have been seeing headline after headline after headline and saying : ` I ca n't take it anymore -- I 'm getting out , ' '' says Kurt Brouwer of Brouwer & Janachowski , a San Francisco investment adviser . 
For 48 hours , no one had any idea precisely how much his securities were worth . 
Enviropact said the two divisions account for about $ 8 million of the company 's $ 20 million in annual revenue . 
Mr. Jackson showed up at the affair to sign autographs for a fee as well . 
The judge dismissed the suit and ordered Mr. Maynard 's company to pay over $ 100,000 in legal fees to the defendants ' lawyers . 
Industry analysts in Europe said the most likely suitor for Saab now is Fiat . 
In his old job , as Dade County chief , Mr. Fernandez forced out 92 teachers and reshuffled 48 principals . 
As for Lincoln , if you ca n't guess why he 's so sweet to his sister when everybody else hates her , then I 'm not going to tell you . 
V.H. Van Horn , National Convenience president and chief executive officer , said the move reflects the company 's realization that the industry 's poor performance stems from its failure to give customers what they want -- rather than from increasing competition from gasoline stations and 24-hour grocery stores . 
Exactly right . 
`` As a result of your ultimatum , '' writes the Wisconsin Democrat , `` I guess there is no longer any point in taking administration views into account on other items in conference , inasmuch regardless of their resolution you apparently intend to veto this bill . 
Separately , the company 's board adopted a proposal to amend its 1986 shareholder rights plan , further insulating the company from takeover . 
Reflecting that logic , insurance-company stocks posted strong gains . 
In Geneva , where world trade talks are being held under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade , or GATT , the European Community called the U.S. proposal `` a step backward . '' 
Dividend-related trading swelled volume in Merrill Lynch , which closed unchanged at 28 3\/8 as 2.7 million shares changed hands . 
The products are aimed at a market expected to total more than $ 1 billion a year in sales by 1995 , said Morgan Buchner Jr. , vice president of transmission systems for AT&T . 
The sale of Bloomingdale 's is a condition of efforts by Toronto-based Olympia & York Developments Ltd. to arrange $ 800 million in bridge financing for Campeau , which disclosed last month that its retailing units , Federated Department Stores Inc. and Allied Stores Corp. , were strapped for cash . 
Moreover , new lubricants will be needed to protect compressors from the new formulations , which , as with CFCs , are solvents . 
China-bound freight streams through the territory 's port . 
Under { RICO } , the government may seek a temporary restraining order ( TRO ) upon the filing of a RICO indictment , in order to preserve all forfeitable assets until the trial is completed and judgment entered . 
Trinova said it will close , move or overhaul 40 of its 170 manufacturing facilities and over the next three years cut 1,500 jobs from its current world-wide payroll of 22,300 employees . 
His violin classmates included Shlomo Mintz , a protege of Isaac Stern who performed with major orchestras while still a student ; Cho-Liang Lin , who joined the roster of ICM Artists Inc. at the age of 18 ; and Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg , who launched her career by winning the 1981 Naumberg Competition . 
MGM Grand Inc. said it filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a public offering of six million common shares . 
Perhaps more important , both companies share Mr. Andersson 's belief in the coming renaissance of base industries . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.35 % six months . 
( The average should drop over time , since the most expensive claims are being settled first ) . 
Most said they shut down their petroleum pipeline operations as a precaution but did n't see any immediate damage . 
The Iran-Contra judge agreed to allow Poindexter to subpoena the personal papers of ex-President Reagan , ruling that there was sufficient evidence that the data would be important to the defense . 
`` We used to show some hot-dog skier in his twenties or thirties going over the edge of a cliff , '' says Kathe Dillmann , a spokeswoman for the United Ski Industries Association , the trade group sponsoring the campaign . 
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake . 
A poll of South Koreans showed overwhelming opposition to efforts to curb dog-meat consumption just because it offends foreigners . 
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair . 
But industrywide trading activity slowed in September as institutional investors turned cautious and individuals continued to shy away from the market . 
HEALTH CLUBS gear up for a graying clientele . 
Ten years ago , the newspaper El Espectador , of which my brother Guillermo was editor , began warning of the rise of the drug mafias and of their leaders ' aspirations to control Colombian politics , especially the Congress . 
In addition , the company has made it tough on competitors by offering a stream of desktop computers at sharply lower prices . 
But they need not be to do their jobs well . 
Mr. Stoll was scanning the heavens at the Keck observatory of the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in 1986 when his grant ran low and he was asked to switch to helping run the lab 's computers . 
Mr. Evans had been the de facto head of MGM\/UA for months . 
Top Japanese executives often make decisions based on consensus and personal relationships rather than complex financial projections and fancy presentations . 
Although Bausch remains the leader among the six majors , Johnson & Johnson , with its new disposables , is coming on fast . 
Unlike other writers who either battled the fascists during the Civil War , or left Spain when Franco triumphed , Mr. Cela fought briefly on the general 's side , no doubt earning with his war wound some forbearance when he went on to depict a country with a high population of vagabonds , murderers and rural idiots trudging aimlessly through a dried-out land . 
James Kochan , chief fixed-income strategist at Merrill Lynch , is touting shorter-term securities , which he says should benefit more quickly than longer-term bonds as interest rates fall . 
Paul Hellman , a Framingham , Mass. , sales and management consultant and author of `` Ready , Aim , You 're Hired , '' says : `` The bad news is , you 'll be rejected more . 
The amendment would require the department to block the purchase of a major airline by anyone who has run two or more carriers that have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code . 
The four-wheel-drive vehicles start at $ 15,000 ; a Family can cost over $ 25,000 . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Timing is of the essence with RU-486 . 
`` Marketers have brought this on themselves with their heavy use '' of promotions , contends Joe Plummer , an executive vice president at the D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles ad agency . 
Instead of hoping to sell his USAir stake at analysts ' estimated buy-out price of $ 80 a share , Mr. Steinhardt is stuck with roughly 3.7 million USAir shares that cost him $ 45 , on average , but yesterday closed at 40 1\/2 , up 1\/4 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Convex makes supercomputers that sell for up to $ 2 million and has an installed base of more than 550 systems and 340 customers world-wide . 
Both companies are regional carriers in the Southwest . 
Nervousness that the market has n't seen the last of its recent volatility kept trading at a moderate pace , as did anticipation of a report on the economy 's third-quarter performance . 
`` We accommodate their choice of names by allowing them to demonstrate '' family affiliation with legal documents , says Jim O'Donnell , a senior vice president . 
September sales at major Japanese retail stores rose 9.4 % from a year earlier to 1.388 trillion yen ( $ 9.81 billion ) , marking the fifth-consecutive monthly increase , the Ministry of International Trade and Industry announced . 
Really now , did she have to ask ? 
MiniScribe common closed yesterday at $ 1.9375 , down 6.25 cents , and has been trading for several months at less than $ 3 a share . 
The Golden Gate handled as many cars as normally yesterday , but over four hours rather than the usual two-hour crush . 
The charge of being `` outside the mainstream '' of legal thought gravely undercut Mr. Bork 's scholarly standing , leaving him bleeding on the platform . 
Mobil Exploration & Producing U.S. Inc. , the group involved , currently has a work force of somewhat less than 5,000 . 
Yesterday , the spokeswoman said sales of Delmed products through the exclusive arrangement with National Medical accounted for 87 % of Delmed 's 1988 sales of $ 21.1 million . 
HealthVest missed a payment to the group that was due in late September . 
Former President Richard Nixon is to visit China at the invitation of the government beginning Saturday , the Foreign Ministry announced . 
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick . 
These are real costs . 
I sell -- a little . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note convertible from Dec. 1 , 1989 , to Dec. 16 , 1994 , at 5 % premium over the closing share price Oct. 26 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
And some of its top client-service executives , including Mr. Phillips , were promoted to the point they were saddled with administrative duties , with little time to see clients . 
In an open electronic system , any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire supply-demand curve ( buy and sell orders at each price ) entered by dealers and investors alike , and to enter and execute orders . 
Comments by John Major , who has succeeded Mr. Lawson , also failed to damp market concern , despite his pledge to maintain relatively high British interest rates . 
`` I 'm not saying everything is hunky-dory , but we have completed the transition , '' Robert M. Price , chairman and chief executive , said in an interview . 
And he says Manville has the financial flexibility to buy other companies at the best possible moment when other construction-related firms are hurting and selling cheap . 
The debt-laden parent has been under pressure from large shareholders to boost the company 's share price . 
They warn that asset-backed securities are only as good as the assets and credit backing that support them -- and those are hard to evaluate . 
Ticketron 's automated wagering business , which operates lotteries in a half dozen states , is not for sale , the company said . 
MCI Communications Corp . 
`` These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , '' he said . 
He will retain the honorary title of non-executive chairman . 
Sales rose 2.9 % to $ 5.42 billion , from $ 5.27 billion . 
It happened four days after he was sentenced to life in prison for ordering a 1979 murder . 
Some lousy earnings reports whacked the stock market , but bond prices fell only slightly and the dollar rose a little against most major currencies . 
Joe Frank Sanderson , who is currently chairman , chief executive and treasurer , will remain chairman . 
Their cowardly acts of civil disobedience , which they tried to hide under the cloak of outrage at a war they characterized as `` immoral , '' weakened the national fabric and threw additional burdens on those who served honorably in that conflict . 
China could exhaust its foreign-exchange reserves as early as next year , a Western government report says , unless imports are cut drastically to help narrow the balance-of-payments deficit . 
U.S. District Judge Jack B. Weinstein of Brooklyn , N.Y. , ruled that a man implicated in an attack on an Israeli passenger bus in 1986 can be extradited to Israel for trial . 
The problems of the environment are so interrelated , so inextricably entwined with our current way of life and so large that it is unlikely we will be able to address them effectively unless major changes are made in less than 10 years . 
In the late 1970s and early 1980s , lenders and developers poured money into office buildings , condominiums and massive tracts of raw desert land , confident that Arizona 's population would grow at annual rates of 4 % to 6 % for years to come . 
Gannett has 161 million shares outstanding . 
Each note is being offered at $ 308.32 per $ 1,000 principal amount at maturity , representing an 8 % yield to maturity . 
The issue , formally titled MNB Home Equity Loan Asset Backed Certificates , Series 1989 , will represent interest in a trust fund of home equity revolving credit line loans originated by the retail finance division of Maryland National Bank and secured primarily by second deeds of trust or second mortgages on single to four-family residential properties . 
`` I 'm not so young anymore , '' concedes the cigar-chomping , 48-year-old Mr. Tiant . 
For all that , the piece landed unperformed in a dusty archive after Bologna refused to supply a chorus and orchestra . 
In addition , Delmed is exploring distribution arrangements with Fresenius USA , Delmed said . 
Almost all capital-improvement programs announced by major steelmakers within the past year involve building electrogalvanizing lines , used to produce steel for such products as household appliances and car doors . 
He also leads an opulent life style . 
Comparable store sales for the quarter were up 7.3 % . 
In one of many rosy scenarios , Bear Stearns 's Gary Schneider wrote in March that its real estate alone had a value of $ 4.5 billion . 
Thus , the `` shadow '' jury was born . 
By some estimates , several grain companies combined bought contracts for the possession of roughly one million metric tons of corn . 
For several years , Turner Broadcasting System 's Cable News Network has invited viewers to respond nightly to topical issues ( `` Should the U.S. military intervene in Panama ? '' ) , but even the hottest controversies on CNN log only about 10,000 calls . 
Ke Zaishuo , head of China 's delegation to a Chinese-British Liaison Committee on Hong Kong , accused Britain of trying to impose a fait accompli and said , `` This is something we can not accept . '' 
This wo n't happen until strategists come down from their ivory tower and learn to work in the real world of limited budgets and uncertain futures . 
Lucky for Cap , Ike was easygoing and soon went away , while the shah -- he kept coming back . 
John R. Garrison President National Easter Seal Society 
Mr. Guzman Cabrera 's new order has n't arrived without resistance . 
That went over the permissible line for warm and fuzzy feelings . 
Such dignity `` has to do crucially with a butler 's ability not to abandon the professional being he inhabits . '' 
One of its wells , in southwestern Oklahoma , is a `` rank wildcat , '' a risky well where oil previously has n't been found . 
But Mr. Tonkin said dealers should slash stocks to between 15 and 30 days to reduce the costs of financing inventory . 
A spokesman for National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , said the network was `` looking into what happened . '' 
Another federal agency not normally associated with disaster relief -- the Internal Revenue Service -- moved quickly as well . 
At best , demonstrations are overused and boringly uninformative ; at worst , they can become the stimuli that lead to law breaking . 
The object is to capture profits from fleeting price discrepancies between the futures and options and the stocks themselves . 
But violation could bring substantial tax penalties to both employer and employees . 
The diversified operations helped GM build its cash reserves , exclusive of its financial subsidiary , to $ 5.5 billion as of Sept. 30 , a 22 % increase from a year earlier . 
The abrupt management change sparked widespread speculation that Mr. Roman had been pushed out of Ogilvy 's top spot by Mr. Sorrell . 
For instance ? 
Business : Airline 
The major gateway to Asia and one of the nation 's 10 busiest airports was closed to all but emergency traffic from the time the quake hit Tuesday afternoon , until 6 a.m. PDT yesterday when controllers returned to the tower . 
He said that ill effects from new carpets manifest themselves immediately but that the Beebes ' symptoms appeared months later . 
Senate leaders had hoped to be able to send a compromise version of the measure to President Bush by the end of the week , but Speaker Foley said that was n't likely . 
In the 1960s , Mayo Clinic researchers developed magnetic devices to stimulate motor nerves in the hand and other limbs . 
Ferembal has 930 workers at four canning manufacturing plants and one plastic container facility . 
Xtra said it recently bought back approximately 55,000 of its shares pursuant to its existing authorization to acquire as many as 650,000 shares . 
The issue is further complicated because although the organizations represent Korean residents , those residents were largely born and raised in Japan and many speak only Japanese . 
The assembly plant is scheduled to resume production on Oct. 30 . 
But Mr. Corr , a stunt pilot in his spare time , was understood to be frustrated by what he regarded as limited freedom under Mr. Lorenzo . 
And even when specific projects are described in prospectuses , the money often is used elsewhere , according to analysts . 
Abandoning socialism means abandoning the East German state 's reason for existence , and with it the justification for its watchdogs and its Wall . 
General Motors Corp. wants to buy as much as 15 % of Jaguar PLC , marking its first salvo in a possible full-scale battle against Ford Motor Co. for control of the British car maker . 
But that share issue -- intended to make Trelleborg better known among international investors -- was postponed until market conditions stabilize , people familiar with the situation say . 
It was a profoundly moving moment for series television , and Robert Loggia 's acting resonated in the silence . 
The pick of the group is `` Payroll '' ; it should be required reading for every college president . 
Defense experts say joint projects are increasingly squeezed by budget pressures and the desire to save domestic jobs ; some also fear rising protectionism as European unity nears . 
-- The banks will threaten not to make further loans , but in truth , lacking the capital to write off their mistakes or to build a navy , they have no alternative but to go along . 
The new deal was considered the most generous of its kind , both financially and in terms of creative freedom . 
On a fully diluted basis , the two raised their stake to 68 % from 51 % . 
But with world-wide opinion -- even , apparently in Moscow -- against East Germany , the country would have to turn itself into an Albania to clamp down further on refugees . 
The measure also moves more than $ 450 million in the Pentagon budget to home-state projects from foreign bases . 
MCI Communications added 1 1\/2 to 43 3\/8 . 
The average three-month issue rose to 8.05 % from 7.77 % . 
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over-the-counter market rise from its recent doldrums . 
Here are some of the major components of the gross national product expressed in seasonally adjusted annual rates in billions of constant ( 1982 ) dollars : 
Richard Mason , president of Ames Co. in Parkersburg , W. Va. , says the Barrett rake `` makes sense , '' but it would be `` tough '' to explain to consumers . 
Investment analysts generally agree . 
McCaw was unchanged at 40 . 
Other losing issues included Showa Shell , which fell 40 to 1,520 . 
On Oct. 5 , the Bundesbank raised the Lombard and discount rates by one percentage point to 8 % and 6 % , respectively , the highest levels in seven years . 
Mr. Craig and three others were indicted last year as part of that payola probe . 
As for GM , its `` fallback position has to be a full bid itself , '' said Stephen Reitman , European auto-industry analyst at London brokers UBS-Phillips & Drew . 
Ms. Bartlett 's previous work , which earned her an international reputation in the non-horticultural art world , often took gardens as its nominal subject . 
But in an interview in which he called the stock market 's volatility a `` national problem , '' Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. said , `` We are going to try to do some things in the short intermediate term '' to help the situation . 
Failure to pay the dividend allows Yukon to convert all or some of its shares into NBI common after Nov. 30 , at a conversion price based on NBI 's closing stock price . 
Sony and the Guber-Peters team are hanging much of their case on Warner 's willingness last year to release the producers from another contract and on an oral agreement they say allowed them to terminate the current written contract if the opportunity to run a major studio came up . 
East Rock Partners , which has indicated it might make a bid for the company , said A.P. Green , a refractory products maker , told the partnership it is n't for sale . 
But he does expect `` a muffler dragger '' of an economy , with `` very slow growth , maybe one quarter of no growth at all . '' 
The MOB spread , or difference between the municipal and T-bond futures contracts , has been near all-time lows in recent trading , driven basically by concerns that new-issue supply would overwhelm demand . 
Harken , which made its offer in August , said it still is awaiting a response to its offer from Tesoro 's board . 
Crime is clearly more deadly to small-scale entrepreneurship than to big businesses . 
Many loans are being renegotiated , especially those tied to the hotel sector , which has been hit hard by a post-June 4 tourism slump . 
In fact , a very high-ranking Soviet official told an American official at a diplomatic dinner that no change in the policy was contemplated . 
The affected practices include the placing of oral orders , which is the way most public customer orders are placed , and trading between affiliated brokers , even though in some cases trading with affiliates may be the only way to obtain the best execution for a client . 
Tuesday , October 17 , 1989 
Many economic-development officials say the Koch administration 's aggressive approach helped save 5,000 Chase Manhattan Bank jobs from moving across the Hudson . 
Officials of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency said they have punished only a few banks for violations of anti-discrimination laws . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : 
Ah , the glamour of professional sports . 
The blue-collar worker who decides to start a business will listen and take advice . 
Sterling was already showing some signs of a lack of confidence in Mr. Lawson 's promise Friday . 
Some 250,000 cars normally cross the closed Bay Bridge between Oakland and San Francisco daily . 
Descendants of the Southam family hold an additional 22.6 % stake in the Toronto-based company , Canada 's largest newspaper publisher . 
Even White House budget director Richard Darman had trouble finding a silver lining in the report . 
Marsh & McLennan Cos. said it agreed to acquire the rest of Gradmann & Holler , a leading West German insurance brokerage firm in which it has held a 15 % stake for 15 years . 
`` We had no serious damage on the railroad , '' said a Southern Pacific spokesman . 
Conner 's performance is closely tied to the burgeoning demand for battery-operated computers , the computer industry 's fastest-growing segment . 
And we certainly do not believe that Mr. Gorbachev or any of his emissaries yet deserve to have the West take their word for it . 
Robert J. Penn , president and chief executive officer , will take early retirement from this steelmaker Dec 31 . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Among broader Nasdaq industry groups , the utility index gained 18.11 to 761.38 . 
Tandy said consumer electronics sales at its Radio Shack stores have been slow , partly because of a lack of hot , new products . 
Arnold Celnicker Assistant Professor Ohio State University 
`` They 're deliberately trying to steal our thunder , '' a Digital executive complains . 
Quantum stopped shipping the drugs last month , following a federal investigation regarding information the company supplied to obtain three drug approvals . 
THE CASE OF THE FAKE DALIS : 
This program , combined with cash grants to needy students , would reduce program costs and much more effectively target the intended beneficiaries . 
In the corporate bond market , traders said the new-issue market for junk bonds is likely to pick up following Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. 's $ 475 million junk bond offering Friday . 
The charter was approved by the EC Commission on Sept. 21 . 
Additional cable partners could boost subscribers even further . 
Criminal convictions under the federal Superfund law are rare , and the decision is the first jury verdict in such a case . 
Professor of Taxation 
At the same time , steelmakers are trying to invest more to modernize technology and make themselves more competitive . 
Mr. Honecker spoke of `` generally valid objective laws of socialism '' and left no room for debate . 
At the 1988 GOP convention , abortion was barely discussed at all , though delegates were evenly divided on the question of an anti-abortion constitutional amendment . 
Integrated Resources Inc. , the troubled financial-services company that has been trying to sell its core companies to restructure debt , said talks with a potential buyer ended . 
L.J. Hooker Corp. is expected to reach an agreement in principle this week to sell Merksamer Jewelers Inc. to management , say executives familiar with the talks . 
Stocks : 
A Series that was shaping up as the dullest since the one-sided Detroit-over-San Diego go of 1984 has become memorable in the least fortunate way . 
We are almost left out of { campus } social activities . 
They 're looking for something that 's very safe . '' 
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade-off ... . 
Weisfield 's , based in Seattle , Wash. , currently operates 87 specialty jewelry stores in nine states . 
The 30-share index fell 33.3 points to 1739.3 . 
Mr. Kaiser noted that gold was more than 71 times the price of silver at the close yesterday , which is historically high . 
They gleefully await the `` dream season '' in 1990 . 
Among other things , the law prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex and pregnancy . 
And using liquidation value assuming the sale of all UAL assets , First Boston estimated the airline is worth $ 253 to $ 303 a share . 
Production resumed yesterday . 
But now at least there 's a glimmer of hope for the stock . 
Mr. Wall , however , is a self-proclaimed `` child of the Senate '' and former staff director of its Banking Committee . 
Mr. Siemienas is making a fortune -- $ 10,000 a month , he says . 
The Fed recently eased credit by lowering the bellwether federal funds interest rate to 8 3\/4 % from about 9 % . 
Mr. Mitterrand proposed that a conference be convened next fall to write a new treaty for the EC allowing a European central bank , and that the treaty be ratified by 1992 . 
Yesterday , gold traded within a narrow range . 
He had been summoned to the Central Committee of the Soviet Communist Party , after he finished his lunch at the Savoy Hotel , an unlikely prelude to a bureaucratic brow-beating : Eight-foot-tall Rubenesquely naked ladies float on their canvases toward a ceiling teeming with cherubs , all surrounded by gilt laid on with a pastry chef 's trowel and supported by marble corinthian columns whose capitals are fluting fountains of gold . 
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per-share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence . 
As for Mr. Levy at St. Gillian , he says he will maintain his credit lines with the various Campeau stores unless they miss a payment . 
In an Oct. 10 editorial-page article , `` It 's the World Bank 's Turn to Adjust , '' Paul Craig Roberts lays most of the blame for what ails developing countries at the doorstep of the World Bank . 
In West Germany , investors stayed on the sidelines as the bond market searched for direction . 
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . '' 
Observers said the market again failed to find a trading focus , discouraging much participation by investors . 
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime-time shows . 
His approach to the recantation is direct but low-key . 
Swedish rolling-steel and ball-bearing group AB SKF said its pretax profit rose 78 % to 1.78 billion kronor ( $ 278 million ) in the first nine months from one billion kronor ( $ 156 million ) in the corresponding period a year earlier . 
The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . 
Merchant banks were stronger across the board . 
He said it is n't certain whether Discovision 's current management will remain when Pioneer buys the company . 
He said the improvement was a result of cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending two sales organizations and focusing more carefully the company 's promotional activities . 
But the editorial , by Jan Stjernsward of the World Health Organization , notes that tobacco consumption and lung-cancer mortality rates are rising in developing countries . 
After sitting with 20 % of his fund in cash before Friday 's sell-off , Mr. Neff says he bought `` a narrow list of stocks '' yesterday . 
Moreover , as a member of the Mitsubishi group , which is headed by one of Japan 's largest banks , it is sure to win a favorable loan . 
He declined to disclose specific prices , but said each product costs in the tens of thousands , or even hundreds of thousands , of dollars . 
Sun Sun Co. 's net income climbed 18 % to $ 85 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 72 million , or 67 cents a share . 
But the press kept it alive ; as with the Recruit scandal , lists began circulating with names of people who had received money . 
So Mr. Carter formed three new Army divisions and gave them to a new bureaucracy in Tampa called the Rapid Deployment Force . 
That prompted Kerr-McGee to consider moving the potentially volatile storage facilities and cross-blending operations away from town . 
This seems to be the season for revivals in Chicago . 
The bank said the increase in loan-loss provisions wo n't affect the payment of dividends . 
Analysts expect Armstrong to use proceeds of the sale to reduce debt , buy back stock or perhaps finance an acquisition . 
Commonwealth leaders turned to issues ranging from drugs to the world economy after Zimbabwe 's President Mugabe called Thatcher 's views on South Africa `` despicable . '' 
Energy Transportation retained Litigation Sciences , at a cost of several hundred thousand dollars , to poll , pre-try , profile and shadow . 
Mr. Fernandez does n't take control in New York until January , but already he 's roiling the waters . 
Also participating in the study , Enron said , is the National Power division of Britain 's Central Electricity Generating Board . 
If the CIA has become a protection service for Mr. Noriega , the American people ought to know . 
Experts are predicting a big influx of new shows in 1990 , when a service called `` automatic number information '' will become widely available . 
Bally Manufacturing Corp. and New York developer Donald Trump have agreed in principle to a $ 6.5 million settlement of shareholder litigation stemming from Bally 's alleged greenmail payment to Mr. Trump . 
The goal of most U.S. firms -- joint ventures -- remains elusive . 
Glasnost has made celebrities of men like Mr. Korotich . 
Ms. Parks 's mother also gets to cuff Mr. Alexander . 
More troubling for Mr. Dinkins is his record in personal accounting . 
They long made little effort here . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
`` That 's different than wrecking them . '' 
The complex is to be located in Batangas , about 70 miles south of Manila . 
`` Wall Street thinks of everything in terms of money , '' says Tom Gallagher , a senior Oppenheimer & Co. trader . 
It relies on the fact that certain atoms give off detectable signals when subjected to an intense magnetic field . 
The market for reruns sold to local U.S. broadcasters has been weak for the past three or four seasons . 
Short interest is the number of shares that have n't yet been purchased for return to lenders . 
But the latest mutual fund performance figures do show what can happen when the going gets rough . 
The purchase was made by Rockwell Graphic Systems , a Chicago subsidiary of the El Segundo , Calif. , concern . 
He says that he knew he was getting a zero-coupon CD and that he had previously invested in TIGRs ( Treasury Income Growth Receipts ) , a type of zero-coupon Treasury security sold by Merrill Lynch . 
Meredith Corp. is launching a new service to offer advertisers package deals combining its book , magazine and videocassette products . 
The Illinois Attorney General won a court order to prevent the couple from raising further funds without MADD 's permission . 
With demand growing and workers in short supply , many Japanese manufacturers are spending heavily on automation . 
But when blacks are getting their loan applications rejected twice as often as whites -- and in some cities , it is three and four times as often -- I conclude that discrimination is part of the problem . '' 
In other personnel changes stemming from problems in its options unit : 
In fact , several London markets already offer lower costs for trading in the same or very similar contracts . 
Several organizations , including the Industrial Biotechnical Association and the Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association , have asked the White House and Justice Department to name candidates with both patent and scientific backgrounds . 
Lotus said net rose to $ 23 million , or 54 cents a share , on sales of $ 153.9 million . 
Norman J. Harrison , chairman , will succeed him as chief executive . 
In fact , DLJ says , the company envisions capital expenses of about $ 180 million a year . 
That started the still-raging bidding wars . 
Britain 's Prime Minister Thatcher alone dissented . 
The British satirical magazine Private Eye won an appeal against the size of a $ 960,000 libel award to Sonia Sutcliffe , the estranged wife of the `` Yorkshire Ripper '' mass murderer . 
Players ran out on the field way below , and the stands began to reverberate . 
He has been a Bearings director since 1985 . 
Instead , they argued that impeachment aims to protect public institutions from people who have abused their positions of trust , irrespective of the outcome of prior criminal or civil cases . 
Like Mr. Geffen 's arrangement , the venture gives Mr. Azoff a link to the world 's largest and most successful record distributor ; in the U.S. alone , Warner has a 40 % share of the market , about double its nearest competitor , Sony Corp. 's CBS Records . 
`` Look a customer right in the eye and say , ` I 'm glad to be at Wang . 
At several different levels , it 's a fascinating tale . 
Falcon Holding Group Inc. said it agreed to acquire about 54,000 subscribers from First Carolina Cable TV Limited Partnership for about $ 100 million , or roughly $ 2,000 a subscriber . 
Mr. Lee values the package at between $ 15 and $ 20 a share , based on current trading prices of other casino-company stocks . 
Now she says she 's thinking of contacting her own insurance agent . 
He said Jaguar started negotiating with GM and several other car makers over a year ago , but the rest `` dropped by the wayside ever since the share price went above # 4 ( $ 6.30 ) a share . '' 
Mr. Deaver has reopened a public-relations business . 
The down trend was partly the result of tighter credit sparked by a discount rate increase by the Bank of Japan in May . 
When fully operational , the Guadalajara factory will employ about 1,500 workers and have annual operating expenses of $ 5 million to $ 6 million . 
`` The Beginning and the End , '' easily the best of the three , belongs to Mr. Mahfouz 's `` realistic '' period and it is the one for which he is most renowned . 
This became apparent as game one , a Sicilian Defense by Mr. Kasparov , proceeded . 
The $ 40-a-share proposal values the company at about $ 106.6 million . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
It can happen in any industry . 
For the nine months , the company expects to post a net loss of about $ 879,000 , or 35 cents to 40 cents a share , on revenue of $ 6.5 million . 
Next to medical insurance , `` costs of compliance '' are the fastest-growing expense at Impco Inc. , a Providence , R.I. , chemical company . 
`` There is absolutely no way our board or membership would have approved the portrayal of the Hells Angels in this movie , '' said George Christie , president of the club 's Ventura chapter . 
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares . 
In other words , environmentalism has created a whole set of vested interests that fare better when there are many problems than when there are few . 
Three International Cash Portfolios funds , which invest almost exclusively in bonds and money-market instruments overseas , were among the four top-performing funds in the latest week . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
The government 's 7 % issue due October 1999 fell 0.05 point to 99.90 to yield 7.01 % . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
But against that combined increase of 12 % in students chosen by academic criteria , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on grades , test scores and `` supplemental points '' for factors such as high-school curriculum , English-language proficiency and an essay . 
Loral 's profit from continuing operations for the first six months of fiscal 1990 was $ 36.4 million , or $ 1.44 a share , up 31 % from $ 27.8 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier . 
The posters were printed on paper pre-signed by Mr. Dali , the attorneys said . 
In an economic slowdown , heavy debt loads reduce the flexibility of companies because cash that would normally be used to keep the company buoyant must be diverted to interest payments . 
With fast-food outlets on every corner , he , like many , does n't think he has a choice in the price war : `` Our customers say that they wo n't go into a fast-food store unless they get a coupon . '' 
In addition , Unisys set up an unspecified reserve -- apparently $ 60 million to $ 70 million -- to cover the minimum amount it will have to pay the government because of its involvement in the defense-procurement scandal . 
National Westminster Bank PLC ( U.K. ) -- 
The only frenzy I saw was commercial : Booths selling World Series commemorative stamps and dated postmarks were besieged by fledgling speculators who saw future profit in the items . 
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company . 
`` The press has been doing an excellent job . 
The massages last 15 minutes and typically cost about $ 10 . 
b - Week ended Wednesday , October 25 , 1989 and Wednesday October 18 , 1989 . 
Instead , Mr. Bush and his aides made it clear they respected Congress 's role and felt they could work with the conservative Mr. Boren and the moderate Mr. Cohen to iron out their differences . 
`` Both sectors of imports and exports look just as bad , '' says Masahiko Kitamura , general manager of Nissho Iwai 's Canton office . 
Meanwhile , the Nasdaq 100 Index of the big non-financial stocks basically stood still , easing 0.12 , to 452.23 . 
Nevertheless , Salomon 's stock fell $ 1.125 yesterday to close at $ 23.25 a share in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
`` It 's the overload problem and the weight problem we have . '' 
Small retailers who ca n't afford to travel to his New York showroom have become fair game . 
The consensus of economists polled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report calls for a 2.5 % annual growth rate for GNP during the quarter . 
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved . 
Averae daily trading volume : Ordinary shares outstanding : 182.9 million 
The system also provides course-correction advisories . 
One of them , 25-year-old Markus Hess of Hannover , allegedly used the international telecommunications network to break into more than 30 high-security computers in the U.S. , searching for secrets . 
If all you want is death-benefit coverage , pure insurance -- a term policy -- gives you maximum bang for your buck , within limits . 
The shipyard 's 6.5 billion Finnish markka ( $ 1.54 billion ) backlog includes about 20 ships ordered by big international shippers , including three for Carnival Cruise Lines Inc . 
By starving the peasant , the Communists have starved Poland . 
Having attained positions of real influence or wealth , these men constitute the Old Guard of New York City black politics ; they are less confrontational than the younger , more activist black political community that has been based largely in Brooklyn . 
SsangYong , which has only about 3 % of the domestic market , will sell about 18,000 of its models this year , twice as many as last year . 
Some smaller clients do n't seem to notice his switch . 
Stelco Inc. said it plans to shut down three Toronto-area plants , moving their fastener operations to a leased facility in Brantford , Ontario . 
12:48 a.m . 
This was the version of supply-side economics that , in the late 1970s and early '80s , worked in America and world-wide to solve a far more serious stagflation than afflicts Britain today . 
More than half of the `` newly found '' net exports were from just a few service-sector categories . 
The DARPA funds are a pittance compared with what Japan and other prospective competitors are spending . 
The 1986 Tax Reform Act has nearly eliminated the number of large , profitable corporations that do n't pay federal income tax , according to Citizens for Tax Justice , a nonprofit , labor-funded research and lobbying group . 
Presidio Oil Co. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. 's U.S. unit for $ 163 million . 
It was in Jaguar 's best interests `` for the company 's future to be assured and the present climate of uncertainty resolved as quickly as possible , '' Mr. Ridley said . 
`` Our expectation of confidentiality is being eroded . '' 
In that announcement , TVS also said it was trimming production finance and hiring a new U.S. sales manager . 
Justice has finally recognized its employees ' abuses , thanks largely to the demands for reform by former U.S. attorney in Washington Joseph diGenova , who wants to salvage RICO for real criminals . 
Globe columnist Mike Barnicle -- in the second attack on his employer in as many weeks -- averred that his shadowy countenance was so bad , it looked `` like a face you 'd find on a bottle of miracle elixir that promises to do away with diarrhea in our lifetime . '' 
`` Back in 1964 , the FBI had five black agents . 
In an interview , Pemberton Hutchinson , president and chief executive , cited several reasons for the improvement : higher employee productivity and `` good natural conditions '' in the mines , as well as lower costs for materials , administrative overhead and debt interest . 
The government probably would n't give in readily to a hostile foray by Ford , however . 
Most important to the contract 's success is the commitment of Hong Kong 's big financial institutions , especially the two leaders , Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp. and the local subsidiary of Britain 's Standard Chartered Bank PLC . 
The Fed is responsive to , and can not help being responsive to , the more overtly political part of the government . 
Indeed , the stakes are high . 
U.S. gas buyers must also decide whether they want to enter firm contracts for Mackenzie delta gas or develop Alaskan reserves in the Prudhoe Bay area first , a project that has been on hold for more than a decade . 
Perhaps the ethics of an industry 's leader filters down and is one of the factors that ultimately shapes consumer trust in that industry . 
Asked why so few nations seem to share his views of America , he said , `` Many people see it that way . 
Analysts were most unsettled by evidence the backlog of orders at factories is slipping . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % two months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % six months . 
Ford , on the other hand , has said it 's willing to bid for all of Jaguar , despite the objections of Jaguar chairman Sir John Egan . 
To cushion the blows , the government would introduce a minimum wage and unemployment benefits . 
Merchants discovered a consumer largely ignored by higher-priced furriers : the younger woman -- even in her late 20s -- who never thought she could buy a mink . 
It Helps to Be Male 
Lawyers for Mrs. Marcos say that because she was taken to the U.S. against her wishes , the federal court lacks jurisdiction in the case . 
Sales dropped 2 % , to $ 4.8 billion from $ 4.9 billion . 
At Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund group , money funds continue to draw the most business , says Michael Hines , vice president , marketing . 
Because he 's very bullish on the emerging growth stocks that make up the fund 's portfolio , Mr. Templeton said from his Bahamas hideaway . 
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . '' 
Cartoonists in West Germany have already mocked the exodus by imagining an advertisement placed by Mr. Honecker : `` Wanted : one people . '' 
The spirits business `` would require substantial additional investment to enable it to compete effectively in the first division of global players . '' 
`` They 've got a lot of different balls in the air at the same time , '' observes Jim Poyner , a computer securities analyst with Dallas-based William K. Woodruff & Co . 
IBM fired back with new mainframes of its own , extending the long-dominant 3090 line with a 7 % to 14 % power boost . 
John Lehman 's editorial-page article on the Pentagon as a haunted house omits the real roots of its ghost population ( `` In the Pentagon , the Undead Walk , '' Oct. 18 ) . 
IBM will face an uphill climb against Digital , given Digital 's reputation for being better than IBM at hooking together different manufacturers ' computers . 
Moscow , which left the group in 1983 to avoid explusion over allegations that political dissidents were being certified as insane , could be suspended if the misuse of psychiatry against dissenters is discovered during a review within a year . 
He will continue as a director . 
Of the total purchase price , $ 50 million cash and $ 30 million in stock ( nearly 1.8 million shares ) would be paid to buy the existing 700-room Marina Hotel & Casino from Southwest Securities , a Nevada limited partnership . 
But United Media says it 's very scrupulous with the contracts it hands out . 
He succeeds Paul J. Montle , 42 , who will remain chairman . 
Additionally , Crossland reported a third-quarter loss of $ 175.5 million , or $ 13.44 a share , compared with net income of $ 27.1 million , or $ 1.16 a share , a year ago . 
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
Also named in the suit is Media Home Entertainment Inc. of Culver City , Calif. , its parent , Heron Communications Inc. , and Broadstar Television of Los Angeles , holders of the copyright on the movie . 
At 5:40 p.m. , scheduled game time having passed , some fans chanted `` Let 's Play Ball . '' 
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one-third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million . 
Kate 's Ma ( Louise Latham ) is a moral coward . 
Robert M. Glorioso , Digital 's vice president for high performance systems , says Digital 's mainframe is designed not as a central computer around which everything revolves , but as part of a decentralized network weaving together hundreds of workstations , personal computers , printers and other devices . 
Generally , a short seller expects a fall in a stock 's price and aims to profit by selling borrowed shares that are to be replaced later ; the short seller hopes the replacement shares bought later will cost less than those that were sold . 
It starts with conception , taking the sperm 's point of view , then progresses to the baby 's point of view . 
However , Monarch Capital Corp. of Springfield , Mass. , has developed a `` combination plan '' of annuity and insurance coverage that it says does not violate the new regulations and that allows policy loans without tax consequences . 
The rights plan would be triggered if a person or group acquires 20 % or more of the common shares outstanding without making an offer to all shareholders . 
`` Stop-close-only orders '' are stop orders that only become active during the closing minutes of trading . 
The Nobel committee made the first addition ; John Dingell 's congressional committee created the second . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
At the same time , he remains fairly pessimistic about the outlook for imports , given continued high consumer and capital goods inflows . 
MiniScribe Corp. , Longmont , Colo. , said it introduced a one-inch high , 80-megabyte hard disk drive that it hopes will prove popular with makers of high-performance laptop and portable computers . 
General paper product sales , including newsprints and other papers , accounting for the bulk of sales , rose to 157.78 billion yen from 143.88 billion yen . 
She keeps track of the rest of her hats by stapling Polaroid snapshots to the outside of each hatbox . 
It 's still unclear whether Secretary Kemp wants to completely overhaul the engine room at HUD or just tighten a few screws here and there . 
Investors were buying yesterday , but they were running scared to premier blue chips such as Procter & Gamble , which jumped 3 3\/8 to 127 . 
UAL 's management agreed to reduce the seniority of those pilots in exchange for the support of the United pilot union for the buy-out proposal . 
The danger that Ms. Bogart seems to be courting here is one of obfuscation rather than rejuvenation , a vision so at odds with the playwright 's that the two points of view nullify , rather than illuminate , each other . 
Meanwhile , some California issues were down a touch more than the broad market , but traders said there had n't been much investor selling because of the quake . 
The Federal National Mortgage Association said 39 lenders across the U.S. have agreed to offer home loans under Fannie Mae 's pilot program for elderly people . 
Diana D. Brooks , president of Sotheby 's North America division , vehemently denies it offered the Dorrance heirs a money-back guarantee , calling such reports `` inaccurate . '' 
Small business is bracing for an avalanche of similar proposals next year . 
Ordinarily in genetic engineering each of these genes , minus the one that caused the virulence , would have been transferred to another bacterium , called E. coli , which would then produce a nonvirulent version of the toxin . 
But Chairman Gonzalez is a genuine maverick . 
Magazine publishers are facing spiraling costs and a glut of new titles . 
Some projections show Mexico importing crude by the end of the century , barring an overhaul of operations . 
Trading also was heavy in the over-the-counter market . 
Mr. Houston-Montgomery says that at the party he waved to Malcolm Forbes , publisher of Forbes magazine ( `` We've been in the columns together '' ) , Mary Boone , a New York art dealer ( `` I think she knows me , but I 'm not sure '' ) and Bridget Fonda , the actress ( `` She knows me , but we 're not really the best of friends '' ) . 
Telos Corp. , a Santa Monica , Calif. , provider of software-development and hardware-maintenance services to the military , enjoyed steady growth until this year . 
Airline stocks typically sell at a discount of about one-third to the stock market 's price-earnings ratio -- which is currently about 13 times earnings . 
The sale , which Pechiney had been eager to make for several months , is still subject to certain unspecified conditions and is expected to be completed during the first quarter of 1990 , the group . 
Also yesterday , Ashok Patel , a former Par official who pleaded guilty to providing an FDA employee an illegal gratuity of $ 3,000 , was sentenced by a federal judge in Baltimore to one year of community service and a $ 150,000 fine . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters rub many people in Hollywood the wrong way . 
According to chief scriptwriter Rene Villanueva , `` Batibot '' does n't set out to advance the cause of Filipino . 
Provigo was the most active industrial stock on the Montreal Exchange , where it closed at C$ 9.75 ( US$ 8.32 ) , up 75 Canadian cents . 
The results met estimates of analysts , who had already slashed their projections after the company said in late August that its 1989 earnings could tumble as much as 37 % . 
Meanwhile , the big players have n't tried to copy the NEC standard . 
It is always the responsibility of investors to keep track of the orders they have placed . 
Dentsu has U.S. subsidiaries , but they keep low profiles . 
Another solution , said a tax lawyer who requested anonymity , is for firms to use convertible bonds that sell at a discount . 
Northrop said sales fell because of the decline in B-2 development dollars from the government as the plane continues its initial production stage and because fewer F\/A-18 fighter sections are being produced in its subcontract work with prime contractor McDonnell Douglas Corp . 
Meanwhile , the exchange has been trying to lower costs . 
The project could result in the U.S. taking more than 10 % of its natural gas supplies from Canada , up from about 5 % currently . 
Only two states -- Vermont and Washington -- this year joined five others requiring private employers to grant leaves of absence to employees with newborn or adopted infants . 
Cycads , the most popular of which is the Sago Palm , are doll-sized versions of California 's famous long-necked palms , with stubby trunks and fern-like fronds . 
I feel any patient with high-risk cancer is getting short shrift if he is not offered this opportunity . '' 
We cruise toward another set of pilings . 
Today , Mr. Corry presides over a company whose fortunes have changed abruptly . 
New York , one of the nation 's largest issuers of tax-exempt bonds , sold $ 750 million of municipal bonds just a few weeks ago . 
Mr. Gonzalez is not quite a closet supply-side revolutionary , however . 
The Nasdaq Insurance Index jumped 4.15 to 529.32 on the day , while the barometer of big insurance and banking issues climbed 1.72 to 455.29 . 
The Bank of England indicated its desire to leave its monetary policy unchanged Friday by declining to raise the official 15 % discount-borrowing rate that it charges discount houses , analysts say . 
David M. Carroll 
But inflation , as measured by the GNP deflator in Thursday 's report , is expected to rise only 3.5 % , down from 4.6 % in the second quarter . 
Bus schedules were sometimes in disarray , stranding commuters such as Marilyn Sullivan . 
Not only did Mr. Ortega 's comments come in the midst of what was intended as a showcase for the region , it came as Nicaragua is under special international scrutiny in anticipation of its planned February elections . 
But industry officials expressed concern that the initial project might give Fujitsu an edge in winning more lucrative contracts later . 
But Mr. Rey brought about a merger in the next few years between the country 's major producers ; the increased efficiency has perked up the industry . 
Barring any petroleum-related news events , trading in the days ahead should further test recent projections by oil economists and other market watchers that strong fourth-quarter demand will keep prices firm . 
The New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group earlier this year began offering advertisers extensive merchandising services built around buying ad pages in its Golf Digest magazine . 
In addition , USX 's giant steel segment , representing 34 % of its 1988 sales , is facing softening demand and slipping prices as well as increasing competition from foreign steelmakers and low-cost minimills . 
They began uncovering a confusing variety of genetic deletions , some existing only in benign polyps , others in malignant cells and many in both polyps and malignant cells . 
The precious metals sector outgained other Dow Jones industry groups by a wide margin for the second consecutive session . 
On Oct. 19 , Qintex Entertainment was about to default on a $ 5.9 million payment owed to MCA Inc. in connection with the distribution of a television program . 
But sales for U.S. franchisees were flat at best on a per-store basis despite weak 1988 figures . 
Per-share figures have been adjusted for a 4-for-1 stock split paid earlier this month . 
The consensus forecast of 14 economists surveyed by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report is for a 1.2 % drop in September orders . 
Fixed-income funds have returned 8.2 % , while gold funds , which tend to be volatile , have risen just 4.55 % , on average . 
The Philanthropic Advisory Service of the BBB reviews hundreds of new charities every year , measuring them against minimum standards for accountability ; for accuracy and honesty in solicitation ; and for percentage of funds actually going to work for which the charity was supposedly established . 
He has never met Lynn Williams , the president of the United Steelworkers union , and is n't active in the industry 's main trade group , the American Iron and Steel Institute , which Mr. Roderick served as chairman . 
Mr. Maxwell said he would n't be surprised if , over the next two years or so , General Mills ' share increased to 30 % or more . 
Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. is the adviser on the transaction . 
The Dow Jones Transportation Average fell 49.96 to close at 1254.27 . 
A spokesman for McCaw said the company was `` moving forward with our financing . '' 
The measure includes $ 2 million secured by Mr. Rudman for a marine-research project at the University of New Hampshire , and Sen. Ernest Hollings ( D. , S.C . ) used his power to add $ 10 million for an advanced technology initiative in the Commerce Department . 
The television units of Paramount Communications Inc. and MCA Inc. are exploring the possibility of offering prime-time programming to independent stations two nights a week , industry executives say . 
Thrift regulators did n't give any figures on their enforcement actions . 
`` I do n't know { Mr. Phillips } all that well . 
The bonds , insured and rated triple-a by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7.25 % in 2016 . 
In remarks at a White House ceremony marking Polish Heritage Month , Mr. Bush announced that Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter , Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher and Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole will lead the U.S. group . 
He adds : `` Once both sides feel comfortable , it should be that much easier to make more progress toward the economic and social reforms that are now starting in the East . 
The weaker he gets , the more he turns toward the U.S. for help . 
`` I feel better than I ever have in my life , '' he says . 
Phillip J. Stuecker , 37 , vice president , secretary and treasurer , was named vice president of finance and chief financial officer . 
Investment bankers following UAL agree that the strongest impetus for an eventual deal is that the pilots have been attempting a buy-out for more than two years , and are n't likely to stop , having come so close to success . 
The bank also said it expects to report a $ 1.42 billion loss for the third quarter and a loss for the full year . 
Early in the day , bonds rose modestly on economists ' forecasts that this week 's slate of economic data will portray an economy headed for trouble . 
The dollar finished lower . 
Revenue totaled $ 1.01 billion , a 43 % increase from $ 704.4 million , reflecting the company 's acquisition of Emery earlier this year . 
The company said the negative factors are expected to continue into next year . 
Ms. de Vries writes frequently about theater . 
The Japanese discount rate is the central bank 's base rate on loans to commercial banks . 
Rather , senior administration officials said that the unexpected meeting was scheduled at Mr. Bush 's request because of his preference for conducting diplomacy through highly personal and informal meetings with other leaders . 
The almanac will be making new friends and enemies on Oct. 27 , when an updated version will be released . 
Both Unocal and Burlington had been seen as potential targets for a British Petroleum bid . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % six months ; 8 9\/16 % one year . 
Hibernia Corp. , a New Orleans bank holding company , will join the Big Board Thursday under HIB . 
London prices closed modestly higher in the year 's thinnest turnover , a condition that underscored a lack of conviction ahead of a U.K. balance of payments report Tuesday . 
`` They allowed this country to be credible . 
Rather than scaring off white voters , as many predicted he would , Mr. Dinkins attracted many whites precisely because of his reputation for having a cool head . 
The U.S. has befriended and later turned against many dictators , but none quite so resourceful . 
The steep climb in producer prices reported last Friday fostered pessimism about lower interest rates and contributed to the stock market 's 6.9 % plunge that day . 
On the way to that goal , she received her first U.S. paycheck for proofreading a book of Polish poetry , attended secretarial school , then went to work for a fund-raising organization . 
Lakeland holders will have the option to request either stock or cash . 
Prices are moving up and down so fast because investors are employing ways to turn over shares at ever-faster rates and increasingly acting in concert . 
`` We do n't disclose specifics . '' 
NASA wo n't attempt a rescue ; instead , it will try to predict whether any of the rubble will smash to the ground and where . 
Mazda and Ford said a combination of limited crankcase ventilation and improper maintenance could cause engine oil in some of the Mercury Tracers and Mazda 323s to deteriorate more rapidly than normal , causing increased engine noise or reduced engine life . 
What is even more ironic is that all over the world nations are learning that well-intentioned public programs often backfire . 
The U.S. , therefore , has a historic opportunity both to strike a blow for human rights in Somalia and to undo the superpower flip-flop of the late 1970s on the Horn of Africa . 
Sterling was trading at $ 1.5805 , down from $ 1.5820 late Monday . 
In its ruling , the NRC said that because Seabrook will be allowed to charge rates sufficient to run the plant and make payments on past construction costs , consideration of the owners ' financial condition is pointless . 
These failures in turn contributed to the fall in the market averages : Uncertainty extracted an extra risk premium and margin-calls triggered additional selling pressures . 
The comptroller 's office said it found no indications of illegal discrimination in 3,437 examinations of banks since April 1987 . 
But is it realistic for Congress to mandate by a rigid deadline a system that has not yet been subjected to feasibility studies ? 
Last month , American Home Products said it was suspending production and distribution of all 21 of Quantum 's generic drug products pending the completion of an exhaustive internal audit . 
These items were partly offset , MCA said , by an unspecified gain on the sale of its Miller International unit , a maker and distributor of budget-priced audio cassettes . 
Qintex Entertainment was depending on Qintex Australia to arrange financing . 
Since 1984 , the president has filled four vacancies in the Federal Circuit court with non-patent lawyers . 
It 's also a fast fix for an ailing image . 
The offer came just prior to arguments before the U.S. Supreme Court over whether the Free Press should be allowed to enter into a joint operating pact with Gannett Co. 's Detroit News . 
Czechoslovakia 's premier said he supports broad political and economic restructuring , but ruled out any dialogue between Prague 's Communist government and independent human-rights or dissident groups . 
But about 25 % of the insiders , according to SEC figures , file their reports late . 
The Big Board 's composite index was up more than 1.4 % , and the Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 1.6 % . 
Rep. Traxler recently purchased an unimproved building lot on the island . 
In addition to wage increases , the union negotiated improved vacation plans , benefit packages and pension plans , Mr. Slotnick said . 
AIDS is n't considered a widespread problem in Japan -- the government reports about 1,000 known carriers of the virus -- but many companies have poured substantial resources into research in recent years , hoping to cash in on a possible cure . 
PSE is a designer and operator of energy-cogeneration facilities and had 1988 sales of $ 234 million . 
The justices agreed to decide whether federal insurers can require LTV to take back responsiblilty for funding its $ 2.3 billion pension shortfall . 
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . '' 
It 's an activity she feels she can do for life , and by pulling a golf cart , she still gets a good workout . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Corning closed at $ 38.50 , down 75 cents . 
Still , Radio Shack is aware that some of its products are controversial . 
In papers filed with the federal district court in Pittsburgh , the Justice Department alleged that the ordinance , by limiting the number of group homes that can be established in the township , makes housing unavailable on account of handicap . 
The Service figures at least half of the money taken in should be spent on program . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 68 days ; 8.30 % 69 to 89 days ; 8.125 % 90 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Not in the kitchen , or the storeroom or the book shop . 
Some 50 % expect real estate in their local area to increase in value over the next 12 months . 
In European trading it declined to $ 1.5890 and 2.9495 marks from $ 1.5940 and 2.9429 marks late Thursday . 
Southern Pacific Transportation Co. , the hardest hit of the three railroads in the Bay area , said service on its north-south coastline , which is used by an Amtrak train between Los Angeles and Seattle , was suspended temporarily because of kinked rails near the epicenter of the quake . 
It earned $ 76.4 million , or $ 1.82 a share , in the 1988 quarter . 
Matagorda County Navigation District No. 1 , Texas -- 
Redland International Funding PLC ( U.K. parent ) -- 150 million Australian dollars of 15 3\/8 % bonds due Nov. 8 , 1996 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 15.44 % less full fees , via JP Morgan Securities Ltd . 
The strategy boosts current yield by putting more bonds into the portfolio . 
The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Futures prices eased on indications of improvement in the industry 's labor situation . 
`` It 's an extremely complex market , and you have to be prepared to make a big commitment , '' Mr. Forrester says . 
Business leaders have long criticized the agency as a leading example of bureacratic waste . 
But network access revenue dropped 4 % and toll revenue dropped 1.4 % . 
Stores in Hispanic areas will stock an assortment of Spanish-language magazines , Mexican cooking items and candies . 
In an apparent attempt to keep a lid on short-term interest rates , the Fed once again pumped money into the banking system . 
Ski promotions have traditionally avoided the touchy issue of safety . 
It traded as high as $ 64 a month ago , before the loss projection . 
`` I was near the top of the stadium , and saw a steel girder bow six feet from where I sat , but I stayed put for 10 or 15 minutes , '' confessed a friend . 
Its fast-food restaurants -- including Denny 's , Hardee 's , Quincy 's and El Pollo Loco ( `` the only significant fast-food chain to specialize in char-broiled chicken '' ) -- are stable , recession-resistant and growing . 
Analysts said the results were as expected , but several added that the earnings masked underlying weaknesses in several businesses . 
`` This sets things way back . '' 
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed . 
The photos showed active geysers on Io spewing sulfurous material 190 miles into its atmosphere and indicated that Europa may have an ocean hidden under a thick sheet of ice . 
Qintex Australia was `` going to pay more than $ 1 billion for MGM\/UA and then they could n't come up with the far smaller sum of $ 5.9 million . '' 
British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . 
J.C. Penney Co. , which relocated from New York to suburban Dallas two years ago , gently wraps itself in Texas pride through a full-page magazine ad : `` Taking the long-range view to conserve what is of value to future generations is part of the Lone Star lifestyle , '' the ad reads . 
What complicates the scene in Cambodia is that the current regime is already communist , as are its Vietnamese overseers back in Hanoi , as are the Khmer Rouge -- who are the strongest of the three guerrilla groups . 
The White House announced that Mr. Agnos , along with the mayors of Oakland and Alameda , are to accompany President Bush on a tour of the earthquake area today . 
Oregon 's rate will rise to $ 4.75 an hour , the nation 's highest , in Jan. 1 , 1991 . 
The next step , which could have a larger effect on businesses , will come early next month , when the Bank for Foreign Economic Affairs is to hold its first auction of foreign currency . 
`` Transition '' is a reference to the company 's five-year restructuring effort . 
`` Lloyd 's has lost control of the situation , '' he says . 
Aegon N.V . ( Netherlands ) -- 
One advantage the buy-out group intends to press with the board is that pilots have agreed to make $ 200 million in annual cost concessions to help finance a bid . 
Net income surged 10 % to 7.12 billion yen from 6.47 billion yen . 
This time , the scandal centers on donations made by the not-quite-mainstream pachinko parlor industry . 
The cable and TV station company was an LBO of an LBO , a set of assets that were leveraged twice , enabling the blue-chip buy-out king Henry Kravis in 1987 to take more than $ 1 billion of cash out of the com - pany . 
The naming of FCB\/Leber Katz Partners as agency of record for Nabisco Brands Inc. and Planters LifeSavers Co. follows RJR Nabisco 's announcement last week that it will disband its RJR Nabisco Broadcast division and dismiss its 14 employees Dec. 1. to cut costs . 
If it had been , he mighta hit it out . '' 
The carrier stopped short of saying it would n't at some point reconsider participating in any new bid for UAL . 
`` Maybe I 'll plant castor-oil seeds . '' 
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum-wage rise for low-paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital-gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers . 
Net income at Sears 's Dean Witter Financials Services group , meanwhile , rose nearly 32 % to $ 35.7 million , reflecting improvements in its basic stock brokerage and Discover credit card businesses . 
`` We 're strongly recommending that anyone who has eaten in the cafeteria this month have the shot , '' Mr. Mattausch added , `` and that means virtually everyone who works here . 
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday . 
Whitbread 's spirits auction occurs amid a parallel shakeup in the British beer industry . 
`` Nine to Five , '' a Cleveland-based office workers organization that supports the beeper bill , six months ago started a privacy hot line to receive reports of alleged monitoring abuses . 
With Garpian randomness , a hotel across the street , the Amfac , had been hit harder : A large sheet of its concrete facade and several window balconies were torn away . 
Some found it on the screen of a personal computer . 
There is n't a black worker in sight . 
Because only a fraction of them are ever prosecuted , nobody really knows how much money bogus telemarketing operators really harvest . 
B.A.T Industries won shareholder approval for a defensive restructuring to fend off Sir James Goldsmith . 
In contrast , sell limit orders must be placed above the market price and buy limit orders are placed below . 
Conversely , there are the majority of unsuccessful schools , and we know which efforts at educational reform are doomed beforehand . 
In a letter to Mr. Bennett 's office , released yesterday , Washington 's city administrator , Carol Thompson , complained that the drug czar had exaggerated the amount of federal drug-related assistance provided to the capital . 
NO ALCOHOL : 
It is backed by Government National Mortgage Association 9 1\/2 % securities with a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 29 years and being offered at market prices . 
The issue 's smooth absorption eased fears that supply would overwhelm demand in coming sessions , traders said . 
Most bills are drafted by bureaucrats , not politicians . 
`` People are sort of nervous to do anything in the market now . 
The action at the Communist Party daily , viewed as the Soviet Union 's most authoritative newspaper , was considered the most significant development in a week of Kremlin wrangling over the press , including sharp criticism from Gorbachev . 
For the first eight months of 1989 , analysts say shipments of hot-dipped galvanized steel increased about 8 % from a year earlier , while overall steel shipments were up only 2.4 % . 
Meanwhile , Prudential , the nation 's largest insurer and the biggest investor in junk bonds , has seen the value of its junk bond portfolio drop to $ 6.5 billion from $ 7 billion since August because of falling junk prices . 
In 1986 , Mr. Roderick adroitly dodged Mr. Icahn 's first bullet after the takeover specialist had built up an 11.4 % stake . 
The Sandinistas of Nicaragua , for example , also are part of the Castro-Medellin cartel nexus . 
`` We were able to get advertisers to use their promotion budget for this , because they get a chance to do couponing , '' says Ms. Seaman . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Even when new lending resumes , foreign exchange would still be tight because Beijing will likely try to rein in foreign borrowing , which has grown between 30 % and 40 % in the past few years . 
He said the move could be the beginning of a broader relationship between the two companies , one that could open up new markets for Bethlehem . 
Limited partner Billy Salomon , whose family name had been on the firm 's door for 70 years and who had hoped it would be there forever , was not consulted . 
Still , for those with a long-term eye on the vast U.S. retail market , this is a tempting time to look for bargains . 
Last week , the government took three bills to the National Assembly . 
Sri Lanka , where more than 15,000 people have died in six years of ethnic turmoil , said it will ban sex and violence from state-owned television next year . 
Within discretionary funds for community development grants , more than $ 3.7 million is allocated to six projects in Michigan , home state of a subcommittee chairman , Rep. Bob Traxler . 
In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such profoundly held humanist assumptions and such passionate commitment to moral and ethical principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art , idealism and revolution seem modest . 
India 's overregulated businessmen had to be persuaded , but they have started to think big . 
Meanwhile , the brokerage firms in San Francisco were trying to cope . 
The tattered black binder , bulging with 18 years ' worth of recipes held together by rubber bands , was in chef Lindsey Shere 's purse when it was stolen from her house recently . 
They could no longer be classified as what Columbia regarded them , namely long-term investments . 
`` This is being done at the suggestion of { Mr. Drabinsky } and to accommodate him , to facilitate his financing arrangements , '' Ms. Kolber said . 
For one of the superstars of glasnost , Vitaly Korotich , editor of the trail-blazing weekly Ogonyok , Friday , Oct. 20 was a somersaulting day that turned from tension to elation . 
Spending by Japanese households averaged 290,782 yen ( $ 2,052.10 ) in August . 
That year a four-man group headed by William Lieber in the Legislation and Regulations division of the Office of the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service , was assigned the task of designing a plan . 
Britain 's Monopolies and Mergers Commission Wednesday cleared Rhone-Poulenc S.A. 's purchase of a specialty bulk-chemical unit from Monsanto Co. , saying the purchase was unlikely to have any lasting impact on U.K. industrial consumers . 
The next to be cloned , human insulin , had market potential and Genentech licensed it to Eli Lilly , which produced 80 % of the insulin used by 1.5 million U.S. diabetics . 
The projects include construction of a 29,400 kilowatt waste-to-energy plant for Ada Cogeneration L.P. , Ada , Mich. ; a steam generating plant at Ontario , Calif. , that Zurn will own and operate , and two waste-water control projects in Orange County , Calif . 
In addition , in any survey , there is always the chance that other factors such as question wording could introduce errors into the findings . 
Now bond investors are looking toward next week 's report from national purchasing managers and the government 's October employment report as potentially prompting the Fed to lower rates . 
Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death-penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital-punishment defense team . 
On Oct. 20 , the town 's mayor , Robert Reid , made an announcement on behalf of CBS during half-time at the Middletown High School football game asking for volunteers . 
Under the direction of its new chairman , Francisco Luzon , Spain 's seventh largest bank is undergoing a tough restructuring that analysts say may be the first step toward the bank 's privatization . 
Leading the pack , Microsoft soared 3 3\/4 , or 4 % , to a record price of 84 1\/4 on 1.2 million shares . 
American Enterprise Institute scholar Norman Ornstein in the Oct. 21 TV Guide on `` What TV News Does n't Report About Congress -- and Should '' : 
Mr. Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1 , soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 . 
Maurice Warren , 56-year-old group managing director , was named chief executive officer of this food and agriculture group . 
The company said it plans to use the sale proceeds to invest in business opportunities more closely identified with the company 's `` refocused direction . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
`` It 's a very valuable weapon in their armory , '' which could enable Ford to bid sooner for Jaguar , observed Mr. Barber of James Capel . 
Just say the offices are tastefully appointed , '' he says . 
Specifically , he pointed out that compared with the U.S. market , the U.K. has far fewer highly leveraged junk-bond financings . 
Equipped with cellular telephones , laptop computers , calculators and a pack of blank checks , they parcel out money so their clients can find temporary living quarters , buy food , replace lost clothing , repair broken water heaters , and replaster walls . 
`` Depending on the president , we could either be a trillion-dollar economy by the end of the century or stay where we are , '' says political scientist Amaury de Souza . 
Barbra Streisand made him famous . 
It wanted to buy RJR Nabisco Inc. 's French cracker subsidiary , Belin , in hopes of selling its products in tobacco stores , but lost the bidding to food group BSN SA . 
VIACOM Inc. 's loss narrowed to $ 21.7 million in the third quarter from $ 56.9 million a year ago . 
Just how rancorous the relationship has become is clear from the differing versions of the two sides ' current business dealings . 
The Association of California Insurance Companies estimated damage to residential property could total $ 500 million , but only $ 100 million to $ 150 million is insured , it said . 
This left the computer with a broader range of plausible replies -- and it immediately blundered by moving a queenside pawn , to the neglect of kingside development . 
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 . 
The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal , but said MCA and the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million and then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer . 
After a tortuous climb , she is rewarded by a picture-postcard vista : a glade of golden aspens under an azure Indian-summer sky . 
Colgate 's household products business , which includes such brands as Fab laundry detergent and Ajax cleanser , has been a weak performer . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : 
In the second step of a reorganization that began earlier this year , Boeing Co. said it will create a Defense and Space Group to consolidate several divisions . 
Most are anchored by a K mart store . 
I suppose sooner or later , the Japanese would have to fill up a large part of the gap on the naval side . 
But now Westinghouse is enjoying a resurgence in demand for both steam and combustion turbines and may even join the growing legion of independent electric producers . 
Though she opposes abortion in almost all cases , she airs a TV commercial using pro-choice buzzwords . 
And what they have shown is n't impressive . 
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well-hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall . 
But `` Friday did n't help things , '' says Mr. Schaefer . 
`` He 's not a reformer -- he wants to have the image of a reformer . '' 
Boston Co. officials declined to comment on Moody 's action or on the unit 's financial performance this year -- except to deny a published report that outside accountants had discovered evidence of significant accounting errors in the first three quarters ' results . 
-- G. Sterling Leiby . 
The Celtona operations would become part of those ventures . 
Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the leading Republican proponent of the tax cut , did n't disagree . 
GOP leaders continued to press for a vote on the amendment to the Eastern Europe aid measure . 
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach-of-contract suit against Sony and the two producers . 
We are all fine here , although Mame was extremely freaked . 
The increased labor costs became effective Aug. 1 under terms of the four-year labor agreement with the United Steelworkers union . 
In fact , this is the best bargain available to someone traveling abroad . 
Democrats asserted that the proposal , which also would create a new type of individual retirement account , was fraught with budget gimmickry that would lose billions of dollars in the long run . 
The company hit on a new strategy : If the Defense Department is so intent on saving money , why not make money off that trend ? 
Analysts speculated that Marsh & McLennan would spend between 250 million marks ( $ 136.4 million ) and 350 million marks for the rest of Gradmann & Holler , or roughly 25 to 30 times the private firm 's estimated earnings . 
Succeeding Mr. Whittington at Morgan Grenfell & Co. is Richard Webb , 50 , currently deputy chairman . 
The show also signals Mr. Vila 's return as a television celebrity . 
That was slightly above Sotheby 's presale estimate of $ 111 million . 
Under the new offer , IMA will pay $ 26.50 a share for 63 million shares , or about 86 % of the shares outstanding . 
It added that no discussions about such a sale are under way . 
In Japan , many desktop terminals are limited to one function and ca n't communicate with other machines . 
When a large group of pilots once signed petitions opposing work-rule and compensation changes , he called a meeting in a company hangar and dressed them down for challenging his authority . 
Stock prices surged as a multibillion-dollar takeover proposal helped restore market players ' confidence about the prospects for further deal-making . 
Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis . 
More recently , he negotiated `` indemnification '' clauses in which an ad agency in some cases must pay a client if it drops the account . 
The lawsuit was filed by Lone Star Steel 's unsecured creditors ' committee on behalf of Lone Star Steel , which has been operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code since June 30 . 
Hubert de la Bouillaire , an editor on the film , backs Mr. Peters in a separate sworn declaration . 
Owners are voluntarily -- and quietly -- turning over properties to lenders through `` deeds in lieu of foreclosure . '' 
Mr. Jones has been taking prospective suite owners onto the field during practice to let them rub elbows with players , and promises those who actually buy one of the rooms an insider 's look at the team 's strategy before game time . 
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , BankAmerica common stock edged up 12.5 cents to close at $ 32 a share . 
Never . '' 
`` We all did what we had to do to stay within sight of them . '' 
Scientists Rima Kaddurah-Daouk and Paul Schimmel conducted the initial research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
Its counterpart , the Nasdaq Financial Index , was weak for most of the day , sliding 2.51 to 453.57 by the end of trading . 
Mr. Nadeau said he could n't yet say if the sale prices would match book values . 
In 1986 , India signed a $ 1.4 billion contract with AB Bofors , a unit of Nobel Industries Sweden AB , to purchase 400 artillery pieces . 
The Sunset { District } was more or less like a pajama party all evening , lots of people & dogs walking around , drinking beer . 
The question for investors is , how to protect these returns and yet reach a little for additional gains . 
Jewelry Makers Copy Cosmetics Sales Ploys 
His 1942 novel `` The Family of Pascual Duarte '' is considered the most popular work of fiction in Spanish since Cervantes 's `` Don Quixote '' was published 400 years ago . 
The jump reflected record results in Las Vegas , Nev. , and Atlantic City , N.J. , as well as a full quarter 's results from Harrah 's Del Rio in Laughlin , Nev . 
Yesterday 's edition misstated the percentage increase . 
`` The president does n't want to have legislative sanctions , '' says a U.S. official . 
The team then proposed modifications in their work process to management . 
Failure to check rising medical costs ultimately could `` lead some of us who today are free-market advocates to re-examine our thinking and positions with respect to government-sponsored national health insurance , '' Arthur Puccini , a General Electric Co. vice president , warned earlier this year . 
Jim Unruh , Unisys 's president , said he is approaching next year with caution . 
If the ships are n't delivered , however , it will likely have an effect on the company 's earnings as soon as the 1990 fiscal year , which begins Dec. 1 . 
After only 17 months , its main contract , based on the Hang Seng index , had grown to be the second-largest stock-index-futures contract in the world . 
In other European markets , shares closed sharply higher in Stockholm , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris and higher in Milan , Amsterdam and Brussels . 
`` That gives futures traders a lot more power . '' 
Nevertheless , on Capitol Hill , where the information was released yesterday at a Senate banking subcommittee hearing , lawmakers said they are worried that financial institutions are routinely discriminating against minorities . 
The early move essentially established the day 's trading range , and traders said they saw little of the program activity that has battered the market recently . 
Dun & Bradstreet lost 1 7\/8 to 51 7\/8 on 1.8 million shares . 
How would this bastion of traditional values fare in Ms. Bogart 's iconoclastic hands ? 
Would-be naysayers should have the burden of proving reasonable necessity when they urge a prohibition for enactment into law . 
A year ago , Silicon Graphics introduced a model priced at $ 15,000 -- almost as cheap as mainstream workstations that do n't offer special graphics features . 
The agreement also called for Reebok to receive warrants to purchase 400,000 shares of CML common at $ 31.25 a share , exercisable at any time before July 1 , 
By buying the space in bulk , they obtain discounts as high as 50 % , which they can pass on to customers . 
Law firms that have feasted and grown on the revenue from mergers and acquisitions work are feeling the squeeze as that work declines . 
After the confusion surrounding the change of the Coke formula in 1985 , Coca-Cola was reluctant to clutter the Classic name with a brand extension . 
Swedish National Radio reports that about $ 40 million -- nearly 3 % of the total contract -- was paid by Bofors as commissions to middlemen . 
And some fund groups said investors actually became net buyers . 
The market 's Friday-the-13th plunge of 190 points in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , and the Big Board 's understated response to it , galvanized some longstanding dissatisfaction among companies listed on the exchange . 
The Southern Command has grown even bigger since the war because Raeder 's ghost sometimes runs through the E ring dressed like Gen. Noriega . 
Circus Circus 's flagship casino has become the envy of competitors for its ability to vacuum cash from the pockets of vacationing families . 
At $ 1,000 per square foot , the Japanese want the feeling of indestructibility , he explains , not to mention protection from possible earthquake damage . 
Will Ogonyok begin a series of reports analyzing the failures of perestroika ? 
In 30 years of collecting impressionist and Japanese paintings , he has acquired 600 items , he says , enough to persuade him to start a museum next year . 
The bonds , rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1993 to 7.10 % in 2008 and 2009 . 
According to the Soviet news agency Tass , `` Gorbachev expressed the conviction that the leadership of the Socialist Unity Party of { East } Germany , being sensitive to the demands of the time , ... will find solutions to complicated problems the GDR { German Democratic Republic } encountered . '' 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) . 9.80 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Conservatives note that 43 governors have the line-item veto to use on state budgets . 
IBM rose 2 3\/8 to 104 1\/8 as 2.2 million shares changed hands . 
It also opens a rift in the bank 's shareholders ' syndicate that could lead to a battle for control of the concern . 
The exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held , until it reached a maximum of 35 % after seven years . 
The merged agency will include Della Femina McNamee based in New York , Eurocom 's various agencies in France , the Belier Group in Europe and WCRS 's other advertising and direct marketing operations . 
The company said results were bolstered by upgrades to Release 3 by previous customers and improved profit margins , the result of manufacturing-cost controls . 
The tentative agreement calls for 3M to use the 115,000-square-foot plant and 19 acres of land for research laboratories . 
In September 1988 , Eagle acquired Biny Clothing Inc. , a closely held New York chain operated under the Bonds name . 
As a model of capitalist efficiency on southern China 's doorstep , Hong Kong 's prospects look good . 
The text by Patrick O'Connor is a tough read , but the pictures make her magnetism clear and help explain why Ernest Hemingway called Baker `` The most sensational woman anybody ever saw . 
`` But the hurdle of financing still has to be resolved . 
The New York study 's companies averaged 27 employees ; their annual crime losses averaged about $ 15,000 , with an additional $ 8,385 annual cost in security -- enough money to hire at least one more worker . 
One South Bronx principal kept his job for 16 years , despite a serious drinking problem and rarely showing up for work . 
It said the industry 's domestic traffic was flat in the third quarter ; analysts say this was because hefty fare increases earlier in the year scared off many leisure travelers this summer . 
For all of fiscal 1989 , however , the average gross margin was 49 % , below the average 1988 gross margin of 51 % . 
Prices of European government bonds also rose as U.S. stocks declined . 
The pound was at 2.8896 marks late Friday , off sharply from 2.9511 in New York trading a week earlier . 
That 's higher than some other estimates . 
The existence of the policy became known after Bush disclosed it to seven GOP senators last week , citing the plan as an example of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of covert actions , officials said . 
Yet Mr. McDuffie 's career has developed at a slower pace than those of some of his better known contemporaries . 
On the surface , the overall unemployment rate is expected to be little changed from September 's 5.3 % . 
ALAMCO Inc. said its board has approved a 1-for-10 reverse stock split . 
Sophisticated trial consulting grew , ironically , from the radical political movements of the 1960s and 1970s before finding its more lucrative calling in big commercial cases . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Kia is reportedly also considering such a plan . 
Wells Fargo Investment Advisers , for example , managed $ 25 billion in stock investments tracking the S&P 500 at the end of June , according to Standard & Poor 's Corp . 
Another trader noted that many arbitrage firms are afraid to sell their UAL stock at the bottom , but already own so much they ca n't buy any more . 
The most important governments have ignored the role of low tax rates in attracting real capital investment , instead emphasizing financial flows in response to high interest rates . 
On Friday , Mr. Safer , a Newark , N.J. , textile businessman , signed a confidentiality agreement under which United Merchants would provide him with nonpublic information . 
After watching interest in the sport plummet for years , the ski industry is trying to give itself a lift . 
The maker of animal health and nutrition products said the business , Creations Aromatiques of Port Valais , Switzerland , and Woodside , N.Y. , is a division of its Mallinckrodt Inc. subsidiary and had sales of about $ 30 million for its most recent year . 
A bloated payroll and pervasive graft caused Pemex 's operating costs to balloon to 95 cents of each $ 1 in sales , far above the industry norm . 
f - As of Wednesday 's close . 
Revenue jumped 22 % to $ 7.89 billion from $ 6.46 billion . 
Roger Early , a portfolio manager at Federated Investors Corp. , said that yields on the so-called bailout bonds are n't high enough to attract his attention . 
Overseas sales were stronger , principally because of a rebound in Brazil , where economic turmoil had hurt year-earlier results , Johnson & Johnson said . 
Then take the expected return and subtract one standard deviation . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
November gasoline slipped slightly . 
Rather than just send out marketing people to knock on customers ' doors , IBM is making several hundred of its own manufacturing people available to discuss specific needs . 
The Nasdaq Bank Index rose 0.17 to 432.78 . 
`` If the { Tennessee Valley Authority } sale is any guide , there appears to be good demand for top-quality , long-term paper from both domestic and overseas accounts , '' he said . 
Mr. Volokh was fired from his job , and had to endure hours of organized verbal abuse from his co-workers , accusations of sabotage and counterrevolutionary activities . 
Mr. Teagan points out as well that if the equipment designed to get along without CFCs is less efficient than current devices , energy consumption will rise and that will worsen the greenhouse effect . 
United 's directors voted themselves , and their spouses , lifetime access to the Friendly Skies -- free first-class travel , and $ 20,000 a year for life as well . 
Consumers Power and Bechtel Power Corp. last year announced a joint venture to buy the plant , currently owned completely by the utility . 
This contrasts with the year-ago quarter , when the company had net income of $ 11.7 million , or 45 cents a share , on revenue of $ 75.7 million . 
In late trading on London 's Stock Exchange yesterday , the shares were off three pence at 194 pence . 
Most of San Francisco 's tourists and business travelers already have left -- despite hotel 's offers of rate cuts . 
Formally upgrading the Sandinistas to a democratic status was an initiative harshly criticized in the Costa Rican press . 
Len Kessler , a financial publicist in New York , sometimes uses it to get the attention of journalists who try to avoid him . 
Over the summer , Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time . 
The company 's Excalibur will also appeal to families , of course . 
In May , Ramada sold its Marie Callender Pie Shops Inc. unit to a group of private investors as part of its plan to focus on its casinos in Atlantic City and in Las Vegas and Laughlin , Nev . 
A Ford takeover of Jaguar would `` have such implications for the balance of power in the 1990s that General Motors ca n't afford to step aside . 
Surely , the past suffering of any people at any time can not be simply filed away and forgotten . 
In consenting to the injunctions , none of the individuals or companies admitted or denied the allegations . 
In August , Recognition said it was in violation of certain terms of its debt agreements with bank lenders because of a $ 3.9 million loss for the third quarter ended July 31 . 
The leveraged buy-out firm of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , which owns 46 % of the common equity of SCI TV , indicated in the debt plan that it would reduce its equity stake to 15 % , giving the rest of its stake to bondholders in the restructuring . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , the majority holder of Manville acknowledged that the cash portion of its initial funding of $ 765 million will be depleted next year , and that alternative sources of funds will be necessary to meet its obligations . 
General Mills Inc. , the food giant , launched a breakfast cereal called Benefit , containing psyllium , oat , wheat and beet bran ; the words , `` reduce cholesterol '' were prominently displayed on its package . 
Those withdrawals , most of which were transferred to other T. Rowe Price funds , followed little change in the fund 's sales picture this year through August . 
The tabloid 's circulation soared to 80,000 , but plunged to under 10,000 when the La Presse strike ended . 
Coffield Ungaretti Harris & Slavin brought in Howard A. Menell as a partner in its Washington , D.C. , office , which opened Oct. 1 . 
The rebels also reportedly tightened a blockade on roads leading to the capital , and government forces shelled a guerrilla-held area in western Afghanistan . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
b - Week ended Wednesday , October 18 , 1989 and Wednesday October 11 , 1989 . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index eased 0.13 to 470.67 . 
Among the new issues was Massachusetts 's $ 230 million of general obligation bonds . 
The most likely white knight would be Societe Generale de Belgique S.A. , which already owns 18 % of AG and which itself is controlled by Cie . Financiere de Suez , the acquisitive French financial conglomerate . 
Right away you notice the following things about a Philip Glass concert . 
The I-880 section had completed the first phase of the retrofitting . 
It was during the quiet exodus down the pristine concrete ramps of the Stick that I really understood the point of all those Walkmen and Watchmen . 
So term insurance may not be as cheap as it looks . 
The Maynard , Mass. , company is in a transition in which it is trying to reduce its reliance on mid-range machines and establish a presence in workstations and mainframes . 
Dictates of good sense to the contrary not withstanding , the general inclination was to believe that the disturbance would be brief and that ball would be played . 
But Mr. Wyss said he will watch the numbers to get an inkling of whether consumers ' general buying habits may slack off as much as their auto-buying apparently has . 
Most of the measures would probably only start to have an effect on beleaguered Soviet consumers in two to three years at the earliest . 
If start-ups ca n't have early access to research being conducted at institutions , `` we have to replicate it ourselves or do without the research , '' says Ruth Emyanitoff , manager of business development at Applied bioTechnology Inc. , a Cambridge , Mass. , concern . 
In 1971 , the Congress Party won after India 's victory in the Bangladesh war . 
A charge of $ 80 million related to projected environmental costs in its refining and marketing operations further depressed results . 
After only 11 moves for each side , the computer 's position was shaky . 
$ 400 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 16 classes by Bear , Stearns & Co . 
That is n't the $ 40 that delighted producers a decade ago or the $ 10 that pleased users a year ago . 
They say the recent market volatility has underscored the shortcomings of the way many European exchanges trade stocks . 
This year , by one means of transport or another , more than 18 million people will visit the city . 
Traders said property-casualty companies with the heaviest exposure in the San Francisco area include the OTC 's Safeco and Ohio Casualty . 
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software . 
In the U.S. , one-fifth of the office PCs are hooked up to some sort of network . 
Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara said it rescheduled to Nov. 29 a special shareholder meeting to vote on a $ 75 million stock-for-debt exchange . 
Christopher Smith ( R. , N.J. ) , a pro-life leader in the House , suggested a compromise that would have adapted restrictive language from rape and incest exceptions in the states . 
Three months after she arrived in L.A. she spent $ 120 she did n't have for a hat . 
On Friday , when only a dozen common stocks hit 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange , five were gold-mining issues , and another four were utilities . 
Big withdrawals from the junk funds have continued this month . 
The year-earlier period included $ 40.1 million , or 41 cents a share , from discontinued operations . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
The four-page news summary will be aimed at readers outside Canada or in Canadian locations where the national daily is n't available on the day of publication . 
Because we all were busy riding a wave . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Under the new plan being considered , the notes would reset annually at a rate to maintain a market value of 101 . 
Sterling had completed a five-year contract for NASA but lost its bid for renewal . 
`` I really do n't see the government doing something that Jaguar does n't want over the next 14 months , '' said Kenneth Warren , a Conservative member of Parliament and chairman of the Select Committee on Trade and Industry in Britain 's House of Commons . 
`` Whatever you tried to change , whether it was cutting costs or attracting new partners , the big obstacle was the old union leadership , '' says oil consultant George Baker . 
`` Blondes , cocaine and Corvettes , '' mutters Mr. McClelland . 
In Tokyo , the Nikkei index of 225 selected issues was up 132.00 points to 35549.44 . 
But if the Fed eases too soon , Mr. Greenspan fears , prices may begin to accelerate again next year . 
But while it was a move that stunned the East bloc , it hardly ushers in an era of reform -- at least anytime soon . 
As part of the agreement , Mr. Gaubert contributed real estate valued at $ 25 million to the assets of Independent American . 
The third-largest thrift institution in Puerto Rico also said it expects a return to profitability in the third quarter when it reports operating results this week . 
Not many people know the details of Mr. Morishita 's business , but it 's a source of rumors about shady dealings . 
Most of the loans in question are to Third World countries in South America . 
This contract , covering about 3,000 hourly production and maintenance workers , is being extended on a day-to-day basis . 
The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the banks and thrifts whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on T-bills or from banks and thrifts directly . 
`` Because of distance , it takes a while for them to appreciate the economic stability we 've achieved , '' says one economic policymaker . 
He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue . 
Meanwhile , President Kume ordered everyone from top executives to rookie designers to go `` town watching , '' to visit chic parts of Tokyo to try to gain insights into developing cars for trend-setters . 
An established brand name is insurance that at least the product will be of acceptable quality , if not always the best value for the money . 
Meanwhile , new-home sales plunged 14 % in the month . 
`` I 'm now monitoring every major account . '' 
In an interview in the navy 's official weekly magazine Cols Bleus , the navy 's second-in-command , Adm. Yves Goupil , said the navy still intends to buy 86 Rafales as scheduled in the late 1990s and early 21st century . 
Maryland Stadium Authority -- $ 137,550,000 of sports facilities lease revenue Alternative Minimum Tax ( AMT ) bonds , Series 1989 D , via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group . 
Now , she says , `` it 's no longer an issue . '' 
The weaknesses of Continental exchanges are driving some fund managers to switch business to stocks traded on London 's stock exchange , which quotes firm trading prices for about 350 blue-chip issues from 12 major countries . 
`` It 's going to be a tough league , '' promises the 47-year-old Mr. Campaneris . 
In the new-issue market for junk securities , underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc. are expected to price today a $ 350 million junk bond offering by Beatrice Co. . 
A couple in Rockford , Ill. , raised $ 12,591 earlier this year using the name and logo of Mothers Against Drunk Driving , without permission from the group . 
The Canadian government previously said Merieux 's bid did n't offer enough `` net benefit '' to Canada to be approved , and gave Merieux an until mid-November to submit additional information . 
Companies would be compelled to publish in annual proxy statements the names of insiders who fail to file reports on time . 
If an author quotes `` more than minimal amounts '' of unpublished copyrighted materials , as the Salinger decision had it , `` he deserves to be enjoined . '' 
If bringing the message is a crime , I 'm guilty of it . '' 
Capital Cities-ABC surged 42 5\/8 to 560 . 
It also says countries could temporarily raise tariffs on certain products if they experience an unusually heavy volume of imports . 
Some atmospheric scientists think that even if CFCs were released into the atmosphere at an accelerating rate , the amount of ozone depletion would be only 10 % by the middle of the next century . 
The plan places an indicated value on the real estate operation , Santa Fe Pacific Realty Corp. , of $ 2 billion . 
And even when a specific order is acceptable to an exchange , a brokerage firm can refuse to enter it for a customer . 
GM officials also see a lot of potential in marrying Jaguar 's cars to the technological know-how of Group Lotus PLC , a British engineering and specialty car maker GM bought in 1986 . 
Personal spending , which fueled the economy 's growth in the third quarter , was clearly slowing by the end of the period , raising questions about the economy 's strength as the year ends . 
The U.S. has charged that the Marcoses ' alleged crimes involved bank accounts in the Philippines , Hong Kong , the U.S. and other countries . 
Rebel artillerists bombarded the capital of Afghanistan , killing at least 12 people , as the Soviet Union was reported to be airlifting arms and food to Kabul 's forces . 
`` It 's just not true , '' he says . 
Digital also plans to compete fiercely with IBM when the giant 's customers are computerizing new aspects of their businesses . 
It listed just 16 options to buy a `` pilot list '' of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange . 
In Mr. Sohmer 's film , by contrast , we are urged to share the perverse excitement of the rapist creeping up on his victim , as the camera ogles Kate in various stages of undress and lingers on the sight of her trussed-up body during frequent flashbacks to the rape . 
This is not the case . 
It quoted Liu Changyi , deputy director of the Beijing Public Security Bureau , as saying that there were many more people involved in prostitution now than in 1985 , when there were about 100 cases . 
Salaam . 
Georgia-Pacific closed down $ 2.50 , at $ 50.875 in Big Board trading . 
-- Women working full-time earned 66 cents for every dollar earned by men , a penny more than in 1987 and seven cents more than in 1978 . 
An early battleground was the U.S. Department of Agriculture . 
It is likely to get as much as $ 800 million initially in additional funds , and eventually could get more than $ 1 billion , according to Mr. Fazio , a member of the House Appropriations Committee . 
Sales increased in the quarter ended Sept. 30 to $ 747.8 million from $ 623.5 million a year ago . 
Plant lovers who studied the maquette were alarmed . 
It was , after all , only his second full day as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
President Bush insists it would be a great tool for curbing the budget deficit and slicing the lard out of government programs . 
Mr. Krenz has followed much the same career path as Mr. Honecker : Both spent years overseeing the Freie Deutsche Jugend , the youth group that is the communist regime 's principal tool for stamping young Germans into socialist citizens . 
The stock jumped 9 1\/2 Friday , when the company announced it was in takeover talks . 
That will mark the second consecutive quarterly loss for Commodore and will raise additional questions about whether it can sustain the turnaround it had seemed to be engineering . 
They are looking for a new editor for National Lampoon and are trying to sell Heavy Metal . 
British Airways said its shareholders accepted only 6.3 % of the convertible capital bonds , but that the rest of the issue will be taken up by underwriters . 
At the trade show , Specialized also unveiled a revolutionary three-spoked bike wheel developed jointly by Specialized and Du Pont Co . 
Shelly Lazarus , 42 , was named president and chief operating officer of Ogilvy & Mather Direct , the direct mail division of WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather agency . 
The share buy-back plan is likely to underpin B.A.T 's share price . 
Yesterday it closed at $ 4.375 a share , up $ 1.125 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
Earlier reports , which revealed that as many as 73 companies were avoiding income tax legally , have been credited with helping galvanize efforts to overhaul the tax code . 
Ford officials , for example , crowed about their first-ever Tokyo Grand Prix racing victory . 
Mr. Eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to evolve and adapt to local changes , but he feels that the Sino-British agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future . 
Other winners Monday included nonferrous metals , which attracted investors because of a surge in gold prices on the back of the unstable dollar . 
It has been trying to improve its share of the residential market . 
So the SEC has proposed to Congress that much of the job of oversight be turned over to an industry-funded , self-regulatory organization patterned on the National Association of Securities Dealers , which operates in the brokerage business . 
Odds and Ends 
The result is that the unthinkable and illogical are happening . 
Scott Miller , an FASB project manager , said that a final rule will be issued before year end . 
-- Joshua Adams . 
David R. Jackson , formerly vice president , managing director of corporate communications for Maxwell Communication Inc. , was named vice president and assistant to the chairman of this maker of alcoholic beverages and consumer products . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.81 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
In August , a Chicago conference on such devices attracted more than 100 researchers , who reported studies on everything from brain mapping to physical therapy . 
No one ever eats in their books and look at them ... . 
As Helen Boehm , who owns an art porcelain company , sipped her luncheon cocktail , she reeled off the names of a few pals -- Prince Charles , Princess Diana , Sarah Ferguson , John Kluge , Milton Petrie . 
Longer term , the impact is unclear . 
For the year , however , access lines in service have increased 5.5 % . 
Another argument of the environmentalists is that if substitutes are available , why not use them ? 
Ten minutes later , it was done . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Monday , gold was quoted at $ 378.87 an ounce . 
But the board 's decision prompted many to bail out of the stock yesterday . 
Some men stay , their best friend a bottle of vodka , but two million acres have gone fallow . 
An analyst 's opinion to that effect even sent Capital Cities\/ABC shares soaring two weeks ago . 
A beaming Mr. Pilson announced his lastest coup at a news conference that afternoon . 
Meanwhile , supporters of the Dellums two-party consent bill say it is needed because of a giant loophole in the one-party consent law . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Mr. Lieber , the actor who plays Mr. Hoffman , says he was concerned at first that the script would `` misrepresent an astute political mind , one that I admired , '' but that his concerns were allayed . 
The tab even covers $ 8 million in commitment fees owed to Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , even though their failure to obtain $ 7.2 billion in bank loans for the buy-out was the main reason for its collapse . 
Another major factor in this positive trend was Ronald Reagan 's decision early in his presidency to fight the budget war on the expenditure side rather than raising taxes . 
Warner also had a gain of more than 13 % from records and music publishing , even though the domestic record business was sluggish this summer . '' 
And while the defense secretary is speaking out , President Bush himself has n't launched any high-visibility campaign to drum up support , as President Reagan did . 
Whatever respectability and ties to intellectuals and opinion-makers the publications and conferences bring really are salvage -- not the Rev. Moon 's original final goals , but the ones for which he will have to settle . 
Turner has made several movies , docudramas and documentaries for its networks in recent years , but the company has never acted as a full-fledged movie studio and released its own pictures to theaters . 
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . ) 
Ford and Saab ended talks about a possible alliance after Ford concluded that the cost to modernize Saab 's car operations would outweigh the likely return . 
And only a handful of small U.S. companies are engaged in high-definition software development . 
WPP , which assumes financial control of its businesses in a hands-on way , instituted a new financial system and plans to sublet some floors in Ogilvy 's new headquarters building to outsiders . 
Revenue rose 25 % , to $ 877.6 million , from $ 702.4 million . 
And when they were no longer needed , they were turned loose unprepared to build lives of their own . 
`` I think so . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.525 % 30 days ; 8.425 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days . 
The charge represents a write-down of the goodwill associated with Poughkeepsie 's investment in the banks it is trying to sell and its North Carolina branches as well . 
Also , Sheldon Aboff , formerly a vice president at Maxwell , was named group vice president with responsibility for various electronic and publishing-group companies . 
For the year , net income tumbled 61 % to $ 86 million , or $ 1.55 a share . 
By the time it paid its expenses it only had $ 120,000 left -- not enough to treat even one child . 
Kemper Financial Services Inc. , charging that program trading is ruining the stock market , cut off four big Wall Street firms from doing any of its stock-trading business . 
Even in Russia we managed to give parties . 
They lied to me on the recruiting trip . 
To answer the brokerage question , Kidder , in typical fashion , completed a task-force study . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 5.04 , or 1.1 % , to 460.33 . 
Robert F. Singleton , Knight-Ridder 's chief financial officer , said the company was `` pleased '' with its overall performance , despite only single-digit growth in newspaper revenue . 
Both the Peasants and Rural Solidarity are forming new political parties for farmers . 
For most field workers , it 's about time . 
The earnings also mark a significant drop from the second quarter 's $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share . 
Integrated also said it expects to report a second-quarter loss wider than the earlier estimate of about $ 600 million . 
Wang 's overall product line is `` still not as good as other vendors , but they 've come a long way , '' says Steven Wendler , a consultant with market researcher Gartner Group , Stamford , Conn . 
`` If you think earnings will grow at 20 % a year , it 's all right to pay 20 times earnings , '' he says . 
We 're no longer afraid of associating with private or foreign capital , '' he says . 
The U.S. Attorney 's office filed a criminal complaint against six bank employees charging them with conspiracy in the scheme , which apparently was capable of handling millions of dollars a week by funneling cash through fictitious bank accounts . 
A TVS spokesman said he did n't know Mr. Price 's plans . 
Then , when it would have been easier to resist them , nothing was done and my brother was murdered by the drug mafias three years ago . 
Oil-tool prices are even edging up . 
Unlikely as it may seem , tiny , politically neutral Ireland has penetrated the mighty Soviet airline bureaucracy . 
International Business Machines and Bank of America are among the companies using the single-adjudicator approach . 
Both companies are in the process of negotiating contracts with LTV and others . 
As a result , says Mr. Geiger , lawyers think twice before appealing a judge 's ruling , are reluctant to mount , or even support , challenges against him for re-election and are usually loath to file complaints that might impugn a judge 's integrity . 
ORGANIZED CRIME Strike Forces likely to be abolished next month . 
Suppliers and subcontractors are experiencing heightened pressure to support delivery schedules . 
`` We are still looking , '' said a Deutsche Bank spokesman . 
We know it 's there . 
The Costa Mesa , Calif. , maker of computer tape drives also projected record revenue for the year of $ 181 million , up from $ 122.7 million for the previous year . 
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up . 
Yet Israel will neither share power with all these Arabs nor , says its present prime minister , redraw its borders closer to its pre-1967 Jewish heartland . 
The embryo had progressed only to a clump of eight identical cells . 
A security guard at a cargo terminal , he wears a Sons of Italy jacket and cap celebrating `` The US 1 Band . '' 
The roll call was considered an illustration of the limits of power that the resurgent abortion-rights movement faces . 
The agency has since acted to remove Alar from the nation 's grocery shelves by May 31 , 1991 , and the apple industry has said that growers already have stopped using the chemical . 
Now , with the opening of Maxim Gorky 's bourgeois-bashing `` Summerfolk , '' Ms. Bogart has laid her cards on the table . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3371.36 , off 
In the current mood of the Japanese people , journalists and even some industrialists , giving power to the Socialists might be good for the LDP , cleansing it of past sins . 
While they do n't expect the Fed to move right away , they say the case for lower rates is building . 
In a matter of minutes , she was back , with a tall , silver-haired man in tow . 
Part of the drop will come from an anticipated charge of as much as $ 500 million from the proposed sale of its Rouge Steel unit . 
Buying 51 % of Rockefeller Group Inc. is right up Mitsubishi Estate Co. 's alley in one sense : The huge Japanese real estate company is entering a long-term relationship with a similarly conservative U.S. owner of tony urban property . 
But the stock market , despite some stomach-churning declines , has far outperformed other securities over extended periods . 
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does . 
It also sells single-premium annuities to individuals . 
But Bogdan Gumkowski , who runs the casino at Warsaw 's Marriott Hotel , said the ventures would help Poland service its $ 39 billion foreign debt by pouring dollars into the state firms in the joint ventures -- the LOT airline and Orbis tourist organization . 
But knowing that mechanics would probably ground him for repairs , Mr. Brown skipped his stop in nearby Chicago and set course to get his load -- a few hundred parcels -- to the Memphis package-sorting hub on time . 
The reports , attributed to the Colombian minister of economic development , said Brazil would give up 500,000 bags of its quota and Colombia 200,000 bags , the analyst said . 
At a shareholders ' meeting in London , the tobacco , financial-services and retailing giant said it received 99.9 % approval from voting holders for plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets . 
Both General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. have been trying to amass 15 % stakes in Jaguar . 
At the time the plan was announced , there were 135 lawyers . 
Recruited from New York University 's MBA program , he rose within two years to head of production , overseeing such films as `` The Way We Were , '' `` Taxi Driver , '' `` Tommy '' and `` Shampoo . '' 
The insured bonds , rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.00 % in 1990 to 7.20 % in 2009 . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 9.86 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Still , the incident was embarrassing . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
After years of mistrust born of Watergate , past misdeeds of the Central Intelligence Agency , and the Iran-Contra scandal , President Bush and the Senate Intelligence Committee appear ready -- for now , at least -- to trust each other when it comes to setting policy on covert activities . 
Although profits were `` squeezed '' in 1989 , mainly as a result of higher raw-material costs , the company said it is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond . 
But it was the underlying situation that became intolerable . 
Sales of its Tide detergent soared earlier this year , for example , after P&G introduced a version that includes a bleach safe for all colors and fabrics . 
The cash payout will be reduced by 40 % of any amount by which the weighted mean price of Ramada 's common stock exceeds $ 14 on the day the transaction closes . 
Rated single-B-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-minus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
Encouraged by the brisk performance , Mitsubishi plans to raise its per-share dividend to 3.50 yen from three yen . 
So far they have issued scores of subpoenas , some of which went to members of the New York Merc . 
Mr. Trump never obtained financing for his bid . 
In when-issued trading , the Refcorp bonds were quoted at a price to yield 8.17 % . 
But the mouse experiment at a Medical Research Council laboratory in London shows genetic defects can be detected three days after conception using a new American-developed gene-copying technique . 
However , as is common with sweeping legislation , the proposal contains many provisions that could destroy important parts of the system it sets out to preserve . 
Franklin said it expects to report earnings for the latest quarter next week . 
But professionals said throughout the day that the shutdown would n't be a cause for alarm even if it were to persist for several days . 
NOW YOU SEE IT , now you do n't . 
The internal transaction within the Rey empire puzzled Harpener 's small shareholders , but analysts say it makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of product inspection and temporary help . 
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities . 
But he said he is prepared to testify that executives of Lincoln and its parent corporation got unusually high salaries and frequent calls directing them to make specific contributions . 
He found 85 still overvalued and 15 fairly valued . 
Her father , William Rosenthal , designed the then-dress making company 's first bra in the 1920s , which he said gave women a `` maiden form '' compared with the `` boyish form '' they got from the `` flat bandages '' used for support at the time . 
Operating profit dropped 35 % , however , to # 3.8 million . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
He notes that some `` revolving credit-card credit is actually convenience credit '' being used simply as a handy way of paying bills rather than a handy way of borrowing . 
Fluctuation in short interest of certain stocks also may be caused partly by arbitraging . 
To fight off predators , B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets , largely by selling such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks and by floating its big paper and U.K. retailing business via share issues to existing holders . 
Soon , only large corporations will be able to afford to buy and run football teams , predicts John J. Veatch Jr. , an investment banker with Salomon Brothers who handled the Cowboys sale . 
The poverty rate of children under 18 years old dropped last year to 19.7 % from 20.5 % in 1987 , but remained far higher than a decade ago . 
These types of bonds have been used in buy-outs of companies such as RJR Nabisco Inc. , Storer Communications Inc. and Kroger Co . 
How does a community famous for its high living end up as a haven for low-lifes ? 
Consider the fact that a mere 2 % drop in ozone would increase birth defects and mutations by allowing solar radiation to alter the DNA structure . 
Concerned for her state of mind , I dropped them -- and the market instantly began its steady climb back to health . 
But Mr. Alexander scuttled the deal at the last minute , angering the plaintiff 's side . 
Mr. McCall will remain chairman . 
Liz Claiborne Inc. , New York , said its third-quarter net income jumped 62 % , citing continued strength in apparel sales and the start of shipments of its new product lines : a men 's fragrance , large-size women 's apparel and casual knitwear . 
But the strike has n't gone on long enough for Boeing to lose business in any real sense . '' 
An adept bicyclist can leap from a dead stop to the top of a picnic table without losing balance . 
What if the system does n't work ? 
The flight was rescheduled for today . 
Dow 's third-quarter net fell to $ 589 million , or $ 3.29 a share , from $ 632 million , or $ 3.36 a share , a year ago . 
Using Federal Express delivery last year , Mr. Strum says , `` December was our biggest month . '' 
Dallas investor Harold C. Simmons said he raised his stake in Lockheed Corp. to 10.62 % from 10.43 % of the aerospace and electronics concern 's common shares . 
Mr. Dinkins also has said he would receive economic advice from a board that would include American Express Co. chairman James D. Robinson III , investment banker Felix Rohatyn , leveraged-buy-out specialist Reginald Lewis and attorney Joseph Flom . 
But they must also assign a price to each of these items as well as to floors , wallcoverings , roofing and siding , to come up with a total value for a house . 
Protective barriers will start coming down within the insurance industry next summer , when big industrial companies will be able to buy insurance from carriers in any other EC country for the first time . 
TW 's junk bonds were n't , as junk bonds go , unusually weak . 
Next 's computer also needs more software applications , but Mr. Jobs said he expects more soon . 
First Unilever , the Anglo-Dutch packaged-goods giant , spent $ 2 billion to acquire brands such as Faberge and Elizabeth Arden . 
Stocks rose slightly as trading activity slowed from the frenzied pace earlier this week . 
But no one has made a serious effort to transplant the crop . 
You can drive piles on it and build on it . '' 
The company 's strategy for keeping its computer products business profitable -- it recently achieved profitability after several quarters of losses -- calls for a narrow focus and a lid on expenses . 
The marriage of news and theater , if not exactly inevitable , has been consummated nonetheless . 
Kidder Peabody raised its investment rating on the stock and its earnings estimates for 1989 and 1990 , based on optimism that the company 's ABC television network will continue to fare well in the ratings . 
`` Campeau has too much debt . '' 
The bank also says it 'll use its international network to channel investment from London , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris into the Spanish stock exchanges . 
The loan to UMNO was made in September 1983 . 
The drug AZT , the only treatment currently on the market , claims only to help stop the spread of AIDS , not to cure it . 
It is in the Western interest to see Mr. Gorbachev succeed . 
Some money managers are pursuing growth stocks at the expense of those that rise and fall along with the economic cycle . 
Yet they do n't disparage their audiences by disparaging their act . 
The Reagan administration also put Mr. Noriega 's G-2 back on the U.S. payroll . 
The plan lacked a withdrawal timetable . 
For reasons he would n't elaborate on , he said he 's sure that schedule wo n't be met , meaning less profit impact from the product for DEC in the next few quarters . 
A United spokesman said 14 of its 21 gates were unusable , mainly because of water damage caused when a sprinkler system was triggered by the tremors . 
Matagorda County Navigation District No. 1 , Texas -- $ 70,315,000 of pollution control revenue Alternative Minimum Tax ( AMT ) bonds ( South Texas Project Units No. 1 and 2 ) , via a Goldman Sachs group . 
Statistics on acquisitions by foreigners vary in detail , because unlike Sansui , which is listed on the Tokyo and Osaka stock exchanges , most of the Japanese companies acquired by foreigners are privately held . 
Most forecasters , including those in the Congressional Budget Office , assume inflation will be in excess of 4 % in each of those five years . 
And the total amount of junk financing will be reduced . 
Soon she was running the office . 
According to Lawrence Eckenfelder , a securities industry analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , `` Kemper is the first firm to make a major statement with program trading . '' 
The ministers , concluding a two-day meeting in southern Portugal , welcomed Moscow 's pledges to cut its military forces , but urged the Soviets to do more to slash short-range nuclear weapons . 
Coastal Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement with Aruba to restart a 150,000-barrel-a-day oil refinery . 
It suddenly dawns on Mr. Hammack that rebuilding the house in Los Gatos , an affluent community in Santa Clara County , may cost more than Aetna 's policy will pay . 
Nissan 's risk is that its low-base-price strategy might get lost amid the highly publicized rebates being offered by Detroit 's Big Three . 
The Galileo worm apparently was hatched on a computer in France hooked up to NASA 's Space Physics Analysis Network , Mr. Redmond said . 
Either way , the ghostbusting business is going like gangbusters . 
Last month , Mercedes-Benz executives approached state revenue officials complaining about bad press , the commissioner said . 
Moreover , Mr. Shrontz added , production-rate increases that have been implemented on the 737 , 747 , 757 and 767 programs have resulted in `` serious work force skill-dilution problems . '' 
Although the current management team may be outstanding , who will be the CEO in 10 years ? 
Mr. McDonough thinks of the center as the `` Eiffel Tower of Warsaw '' and `` a symbol of the resurgence of Poland . '' 
These latter-day scalawags would be ill-advised to take advantage of the situation , if they ever expect to face the people of South Carolina again . 
Stock prices fell sharply in active trading . 
Neither technique is perfect , but both are better than the current system , which misstates the costs of new credit programs by amounts that vary substantially and average about $ 20 billion annually , according to the Congressional Budget Office . 
Wednesday , Mr. Belli 's staff was n't permitted into his office by city officials worried about their safety . 
Such caution was evident after the recent Friday-the-13th stock market plunge . 
And to succeed in the turnaround business , he says , developers may have to put in a lot of money and time . 
The mortgage and equity real estate investment trust last paid a dividend on Aug. 1 , 1988 , when holders received 75 cents a share . 
Fluor Corp. said it was awarded a $ 300 million contract to provide engineering and construction-management services at a copper mine in Irian Jaya , Indonesia , for a unit of Freeport-McMoRan Copper Co . 
A Coca-Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction . 
Sales for the year rose nearly 30 % to $ 5.28 billion from $ 4.07 billion a year earlier . 
A member in the House leadership and skilled legislator , Mr. Fazio nonetheless found himself burdened not only by California 's needs but by Hurricane Hugo amendments he accepted in a vain effort to build support in the panel . 
Here are the net contributions of the components of the Commerce Department 's index of leading indicators . 
Currency analysts predict that in the coming week the foreign exchange market will shift its focus back to economic fundamentals , keeping a close eye out for any signs of monetary easing by U.S. Federal Reserve . 
The appeals court said there was no evidence that Congress intended to allow the pension agency to consider a company 's creation of new benefit plans as a basis for ordering that company to reassume liability for old plans . 
The latter two and Judge Daniel M. Friedman , 73 , are approaching senior status or retirement . 
That does n't appear to be the case in Singapore , a country of about three million people with a relatively high soft-drink consumption rate -- a key indicator of Coke 's success in a market . 
James E. Ousley , computer products group president , said such arrangements could help slash Control Data 's computer research and development costs in half by the end of 1990 . 
An official at Wako Securities said these investors feel the need to make quick profits , despite destabilizing external factors , such as political uncertainty tied to the ruling party 's fate at next year 's Lower House elections - an event which could directly affect the stock market . 
Profit after taxes and minority interests increased 16 % to # 55.2 million from # 47.6 million in the year-earlier period , while earnings per share rose 16 % to 27.9 pence ( 44 cents ) from 24.1 pence ( 38 cents ) . 
But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 -- are n't reported . 
When Mr. Lang asked Mr. Lorin whether he had taken steps to have Mr. Laff killed , the witness again said no . 
A second theme is the undercurrent of social class and race in the public reaction to the Morgan case . 
Lloyd 's says the departures of names is n't likely to hurt its underwriting capacity , currently about # 11 billion . 
Mr. Thompson calls discounting `` a loser 's game for anyone without a dominant market share , '' and projected that Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on price-cutting or face a costly and fruitless battle . 
Still , she said , Drexel 's trouble with some states is n't a bad thing . 
`` We would n't have had to refinance if a lot of the problems had n't been there , '' Mr. Wathen says . 
The agency said that because MCI 's offer had expired AT&T could n't continue to offer its discount plan . 
It puts great strain on a longstanding U.S. friendship with Turkey , a country that has been one of America 's strongest allies in NATO . 
The firm also will permit its members and the public `` to exercise their put and call options contracts traded on the Pacific exchange '' even if the exchange is closed , said Wayne Luthringshausen , chairman of Options Clearing . 
Japan-U.S. trade relations are bumpy these days , and some Japanese favor decreasing their reliance on U.S. technology in light of the FSX fighter-plane flap , when U.S. officials reversed an earlier decision and refused to share certain crucial fighter-plane technology . 
Within three weeks of the 1975 end to fixed rates there were all-out price wars among brokers fighting for institutional business , with rate slashes of 35 % to 60 % below pre-May 1 levels . 
Phillips found and improved a yeast , `` Pichia pastoris , '' which made protein from natural gas-derived alcohol . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6055 , up from $ 1.6030 late Monday . 
The apparent crash became top secret , and the alien creatures went away upset with the rude ways of human beings . 
`` I think the problems in the junk-bond area are just beginning , and this will be very unsettling for companies that have issued junk bonds . 
International Paper dropped 5\/8 to 51 , Georgia-Pacific fell 1 3\/4 to 56 1\/4 , Stone Container tumbled 1 1\/2 to 26 5\/8 , Great Northern Nekoosa went down 5\/8 to 38 3\/8 and Weyerhaeuser lost 7\/8 to 28 1\/8 . 
Interest rate 8.07 % 
Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter . 
CBOE Chairman Alger `` Duke '' Chapman , said that , unlike the futures market , the options exchange has to open in a rotation that allows each different options series to trade . 
`` With the competitiveness of the television market these days , everyone is looking for a way to get viewers more excited . '' 
Instead , the Dunde ice-core record shows increasing temperatures from 1900 through the early 1950s , decreasing temperatures from the late 1950s through the mid-1970s , then higher temperatures again through last year . 
But U.S. officials said representatives at the meeting decided that this was `` a matter for further discussion at future meetings . '' 
Distribution centers are bombed , and advertisers are intimidated . 
Kitchen full of broken crystal . 
President Bush should take the Constitution in one hand and a budget ax in the other and get to work . 
As part of the agreement with the state , the developers -- a partnership of Park Tower Realty and Prudential Insurance Co. of America -- said they would not proceed with condemnation proceedings while there was `` significant litigation '' pending . 
A congressional subcommitee has been investigating the potential abuse from researchers holding stock in companies exploiting their research . 
HEXCEL Corp. , Dublin , manufacturer of engineered parts , annual sales of $ 399 million , NYSE , had little damage beyond some phone trouble . 
More than 100,000 claims against Robins are pending . 
`` You ca n't give it up that easily , '' he says . 
Of that amount , $ 20 million was payment for the land underneath the building and the rest was for the building itself . 
But a Commerce Department analyst said that in both months orders would have risen had it not been for a drop in civilian aircraft bookings , a category that is showing declines only after a huge surge earlier this year . 
His last published novel featuring private detective Philip Marlowe , the inferior `` Playback '' ( 1958 ) , at times read almost like a parody of his previous work . 
Mr. Gintel , head of Gintel & Co. , said he plans to conduct a proxy contest to elect a majority of Xtra 's board at the next annual stockholders meeting . 
The volatility of smaller technology companies has served the group well overall in recent stock trading , according to Hambrecht & Quist 's technology stock indexes . 
At the last minute , however , Pakistani officials sent in Gulbuddin Hekhmatyar , perhaps the most hated and feared of the extremists , with a demand that the surrender be made to his forces . 
In the fibers segment , profit rose to $ 180 million from $ 155 million , a gain Du Pont attributed to higher demand in the U.S. for most textile products . 
Morgan Stanley has consistently been one of the top stock-index arbitrage traders in recent months . 
Any reorganization proposal , Mr. Sells said , is difficult to assess because it must be agreed upon by the company , bondholders , banks and other creditors . 
After a few weeks in seclusion , Mr. Mack opened a consulting firm , but not to enable him to directly lobby ; that would require him to disclose his clients by registering as a lobbyist . 
Ford originally had seen a Saab alliance as a way to expand its presence in the European and U.S. luxury car markets . 
With the futures locked into a trading halt Oct. 13 and trading in some individual stock difficult , program traders would have undoubtedly fled to the basket system , the traders say . 
A Manville spokesman would n't elaborate on the proposed changes . 
Chief Inspector Peter Seacomb of the Criminal Investigation Department at the airport said , `` It is not uncommon for property to be temporarily mislaid or misrouted . '' 
On U.S.-Japan relations : `` I 'm encouraged . 
The company 's quarterly dividend had been 10 cents a share since April 30 , 1988 . 
Proceeds of the sale , expected to be completed next week , would be used to repurchase as many as 10 million shares of Honeywell stock , the company said . 
`` What I hope to bring to this is another word : process . 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration is increased to $ 124,875 during fiscal 1990 . 
Still , this does n't mean that either the government or the ANC is changing stripes -- or that either has moved significantly closer to the other . 
Rather , it 's of a kid ( we 're talking about 17 to 22 year olds here ) having a tough time making the best of what will probably be his one shot at college . 
Many investment managers say futures are useful as a way to hedge portfolios . 
The conventional view , as voiced by Goldman , Sachs & Co. partner Fischer Black , is that stocks and `` derivatives '' such as futures and options `` form a single market , and that derivatives make it a more liquid market . '' 
`` The outlook is positive for the intermediate to long term . '' 
Sen. Lloyd Bentsen ( D. , Texas ) was outraged after a private word to John Motley , lobbyist for the National Federation of Independent Business , resulted in a news release saying that the Senate Finance Committee chairman would recommend repeal of Section 89 . 
Beyond the current weakness in the junk bond market , banks have another advantage over investment banks in financing contested takeovers . 
So glasnost is not a value woven with steel threads into the fabric of Russian society . 
The main argument for growth stocks is their usually superior performance in a slowing economy . 
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41-lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health-care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers . 
Seats are currently quoted at $ 430,000 bid and $ 525,000 asked . 
`` Most dealers can not continue to absorb this supply . '' 
But it is n't just Washington 's relief dollars that are spread thin ; its relief manpower also is stretched . 
A&P fell 1 1\/4 to 57 5\/8 , and J. Baker gained 3\/8 to 21 1\/4 . 
Get the problem behind you and do n't look back , '' said James J. McDermott , analyst at Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , in approving of the move . 
That money also would have to be borrowed . 
The people of the Delta are waiting for that big factory to open , river traffic to increase , government spending to fund job-training programs or public schools to educate apathetic students . 
B.F. Goodrich Co. said third-quarter profits dropped 34 % because of lower prices for polyvinyl chloride materials , the company 's largest product group . 
The hottest displays were items that insulate passengers from bumps , potholes and other rigors of the road . 
`` But our polls show voters do n't like the attack stuff . 
`` Evidently , somebody has realized it 's easy money to steal these things , '' says Loran Whitelock , a research associate specializing in cycads at the Los Angeles State and County Arboretum . 
One question being debated in the Soviet Union is how to use the defense sector 's research-and-production expertise in the rest of the economy . 
A.H. Belo Corp. said its net income was $ 3.1 million , or 15 cents a share , in the third quarter , more than four times its profit of $ 663,000 , or three cents a share , last year . 
For example , while the laws on individual labor activity allow a citizen to earn a living independent of the state , strict provisions are attached on how far this may lead to the development of a free market . 
The Venice city council is battling plans to tap huge gas fields off the coast that it says will speed up the city 's slow sinking into its lagoon . 
It also was detailed in Congressional testimony this past February : An explosion at the Microbiology and Virology Institute in Sverdlovsk released anthrax germs that caused a significant number of deaths . 
Meanwhile , as such strategic investments have mounted , the merchant-banking arm of Mr. Rey 's Omni Holding has been busily buying and selling dozens of companies , often after a financial or corporate restructuring . 
The company has spent some $ 5 billion over the past 3 1\/2 years to buy back 42 million common shares , or roughly 7 % of those outstanding . 
Retailers in the West and parts of the South are entering the critical Christmas shopping season with more momentum than those in other regions . 
But any increase is n't likely to be any kind of a surge . 
He later resigned from his executive positions with Enfield , saying that actions by its board `` amounted to { my } dismissal . '' 
The fine and suspension , announced in August , are the stiffest sanctions the Comex has ever ordered against one of its members . 
Now the Journal , flush with ads and hugely profitable , is even with La Presse in weekend circulation and outsells it 3 to 2 every weekday . 
Paribas plans a bid for another big French financial and industrial firm , Navigation Mixte , a sign Europe 's takeover fever has n't cooled . 
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved . 
Mr. Savageau says earthquake or not , San Francisco makes the list . 
At an estimated $ 360 million , the project would represent the single largest foreign investment in the Philippines since President Corazon Aquino took office in February 1986 . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 12 classes by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
In only one presidential election year prior to 1948 did more than 20 % of the nation 's congressional districts choose a different party 's candidate for the White House than for the House of Representatives . 
The battle for customer loyalty is evident along the Cobb Parkway strip . 
They say that 's especially important this late in the growth phase of the economic cycle , when there 's no robust bull market to bail investors out of their mistakes . 
Switzerland 's wholesale price index increased 0.3 % in September from August , and was up 3.9 % from a year ago , marking the first time this year that the index has fallen below 4 % on a year-to-year basis , the government reported . 
Mr. Kloves has put together some priceless moments . 
And , as Mr. Zell says , with Itel and O&Y on the unit 's board , the real estate will be run by `` a very unusual group '' to say the least . 
`` The World Series , seven nights , was n't enough of an incentive , '' says Arnold Klinsky of WHEC-TV in Rochester , which dropped CBS for NBC six weeks ago . 
And , the attorney general added , First Meridian 's president , Roger V. Sala , portrayed himself as a `` financial expert '' when his qualifications largely consisted of a high-school diploma , work as a real-estate and insurance salesman , and a stint as supervisor at a highway toll booth . 
Individual prosperity inevitably would result . 
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million . 
That was the message delivered by government and private security experts at an all-day conference on corporate electronic espionage . 
So here 's a rundown of the most common types of market orders permitted by the stock and commodity exchanges . 
When it owns stocks , Renaissance 's portfolio typically is composed of about 60 large-capitalization issues ; to make buy or sell moves , the firm solicits Wall Street brokerage houses a day or so in advance , looking for the best package price to carry out the trades . 
I was a last-minute ( read interloping ) attendee at a French journalism convention and so far the festivities had been taken up entirely by eating , drinking , smoking , sleeping and drinking . 
Recently , some 60 environmental and outdoor groups representing such divergent points of view as the Sierra Club , the League of Women Voters and the National Rifle Association joined together to request a reassessment of the environmentally unsound Central Utah Project . 
`` So before I start to be really critical of NBC , I would like to know more about what happened . '' 
Asked whether they agreed or disagreed with the claim that men are emotionally better suited to politics than women , 70 % of the Reagan generation disagreed , compared with under 60 % of younger men and women in the earlier years . 
The delay in getting AZT to children has been blamed on a combination of factors . 
But in private meetings yesterday , Budget Director Richard Darman argued that only $ 1.5 billion in new federal appropriations are needed to supplement existing resources . 
Dealers said there was some concern that insurance companies might be forced to sell mortgage securities to help pay earthquake-related claims , but no selling materialized . 
Yet under its 45-year-old president , Trelleborg moved aggressively into those unfashionable base industries -- first strengthening its existing rubber and plastics division , later adding mining as well as building and construction materials . 
The Mexico-United States Institute is glad to see such a high official as Mexico 's undersecretary of finance view his country 's reforms `` in the context of a larger , world-wide process '' of profound change toward free-market economics , especially in the statist countries . 
Coach them in handling complaints so that they can resolve problems immediately . 
Cray Research expects supercomputer sales to be flat next year , the latest in a series of negative announcements by the company . 
Died : Mary McCarthy , 77 , novelist and literary critic , in New York City , of cancer ... . 
It said the venture , expected to take control of the facilities Dec. 1 , would also serve another 3,300 independent Unocal gasoline stations . 
In England , Martin Leach , a spokesman for Lloyd 's of London , said the insurance market has n't yet been able to estimate the total potential claims from the disaster . 
Meanwhile , a woman sitting next to a new Fujitsu terminal writes stock-market information on a chart with a pencil and adds it up with a hand calculator . 
On many issues -- flag-burning , for instance -- his keen political sensitivities overcome such conflicts . 
Only a few books fell in the reading room . 
Hurricane Hugo accounted for about $ 36 million in pretax third-quarter losses , net of reinsurance recoveries . 
The holding company said the rights offering should reduce its C$ 171 million debt to `` more manageable levels '' before Dec. 31 and allow it to finance future investments with equity capital . 
So far , however , Sony has n't been willing to meet its considerable financial demands . 
Mr. Gonzalez and his colleagues , particularly the finance minister , Carlos Solchaga , are charged with having abandoned their socialist principles and with having become arrogant elitists who refuse even to go on television ( controlled by the state ) to face their accusers . 
Thus have Charles Colson and Jeb Magruder launched successful post-Watergate careers at the pulpit . 
For example , disaster loans , which will go to small businesses and homeowners , offer credit as low as 4 % in some cases . 
Mr. Johnson has been a managing director at Shearson Lehman Hutton since 1985 , and before that was president of Public Strategies , a Washington consulting firm . 
But in the months since then , while trying to drum up support for other issues -- such as an anti-flag-burning constitutional amendment -- he has shied away from talking about abortion . 
`` The ventilation here is great ! '' 
Activity was brisk in the high-grade general obligation market , as a series of sell lists hit the Street and capped upward price movement in the sector . 
`` Everyone is waiting to see if deals can be done at sensible prices and if money is available , '' said Jack Nusbaum , co-chairman of Willkie Farr . 
Most own two to 10 stocks , and buy or sell no more than three times a year . 
What 's so discouraging is ... '' 
Philip Morris slipped 1\/2 to 43 7\/8 , while Sara Lee closed unchanged at 60 1\/8 . 
In two of three years , the actual result should fall within that range if all the assumptions were accurate . 
However a Qintex Australia spokesman said his firm had never `` promised or guaranteed '' to make the payment . 
Denied a vote on substance , the GOP leadership in the Senate on Friday morning was confronted with a hard choice . 
The opposite is true : It 's the product of many meetings with administration officials , Senate staffers , advocates , and business and transportation officials . 
`` It 's an attractive market with good growth opportunities , '' he added . 
Adults with AIDS have had access to AZT since FDA approved the drug 's usage for adults in March 1987 . 
American Medical International Inc. , a New York hospital operator , will be deleted from the index at that time . 
It 's also unclear precisely how the state will rebuild its reserve , said Cindy Katz , assistant director of California 's department of finance , although she noted that a bond offering for that purpose is n't anticipated . 
China 's foreign trade has gone in cycles during the past decade . 
In recent months , sales of home improvement items have sagged , along with sales of other big ticket durable goods . 
St. Louis-based Emerson and Stuttgart-based Bosch make electrical and electronic products , including power tools . 
Under the accord , Finnair agreed to coordinate flights , marketing and other functions with SAS , the 50%-state-owned airline of Denmark , Norway and Sweden . 
Beacon Hill is for `` move-up '' town houses , and Nob Hill , for single-family houses . 
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates . 
After hitting two-year highs this summer , net sales of stock funds slowed in September , according to the Investment Company Institute , a trade group . 
`` Allowing the EPA to condone continued use of a chemical whenever the benefits outweigh the risks is absolutely anathema to the environmental community . '' 
Munching pizza when they could and yelling until their voices gave out , the two Benjamin Jacobson specialists at the Big Board 's UAL trading post yesterday presided over what can only be described as a financial free-for-all . 
The company 's current management found itself `` locked into this , '' he said . 
He said that he was particularly interested in his firm gaining expertise in futures , options , mortgaged-backed securities , computerized trading and investment systems as well as mergers and acquisitions . 
Many blue-collar customers of downtown 's no-frills gambling spots have been lured to the Strip or to Laughlin , Nev. , a Colorado River town catering to snowbirds and the recreational-vehicle crowd . 
The Port of Houston closed its terminal for handling bulk cargo . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.04 % two months ; 8.03 % three months ; 7.96 % six months ; 7.92 % one year . 
What gives these events particular significance , however , is the fact that they are part of a wider drama affecting the strategic positions of both the U.S. and the Soviet Union on the horn of Africa . 
Five states -- Oregon , Rhode Island , New Hampshire , Iowa and Wisconsin -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage , but measures in 19 other states were defeated . 
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group . 
We reinvented it . 
Citizens , based in Atlanta , said it has about $ 4.6 billion in factored sales annually ; the Security Pacific unit has about $ 1.8 billion annually . 
The Dow Jones industrials , down over 80 points in the morning , closed off 3.69 , at 2659.22 . 
But an unexpected deviation either way could roil bond and currency markets . 
Then he sent the pooch 's picture with the certificate of membership -- it was made out to `` Boris ` Bo ' Regaard '' -- to every newspaper he could think of . ) 
As of June 30 , 1989 -- the day our past fiscal year came to a close -- only 4.1 % of the Bank 's portfolio was affected by arrears of over six months . 
The trust also owns half of Manville 's 48 million common shares outstanding . 
Also mentioned as a contender was TBWA Advertising , but the company denied it was participating . 
It plans to sell 1,700 units in 1989 . 
In the early 1980s , I predicted a significant acceleration in productivity growth over the rest of the decade . 
Republicans as well as Democrats were angered by the budget director 's rejection of Speaker Foley 's effort to expedite a deficitcutting measure by stripping it of the capital-gains tax cut as well as pet Democratic projects . 
Many openings for mass cheating , such as questionable tax shelters and home offices , have gaped so broadly that Congress has passed stringent laws to close them . 
Energy 
A lot of car alarms went off . 
Playing black in the first game , the human champion maneuvered Deep Thought , known for its attacking prowess , into a totally passive position . 
Despite objections by the CIA , Mr. Bush also has agreed to the establishment of an inspector general at the CIA who would be independent of the CIA director . 
Sequa Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9 5\/8 % notes due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 99.75 to yield 9.664 % . 
A figure above 50 indicates the economy is likely to expand ; one below 50 indicates a contraction may be ahead . 
Mutual-fund czar John M. Templeton has put his money where his moniker is , pouring $ 1.4 million into one of his own funds , the Templeton Value Fund . 
They grew up with more brand choices than any generation and have shown less allegiance so far . 
James Snedeker , senior vice president of Gill & Roeser Inc. , a New York-based reinsurance broker , says insurers who took big losses this fall and had purchased little reinsurance in recent years will be asked to pay some pretty hefty rates if they want to buy reinsurance for 1990 . 
Whitbread had total pretax profit in the year ended Feb. 25 of # 223.2 million , on sales of # 2.26 billion . 
That 's particularly true , analysts say , for certain of the securities , such as those backed by time-share loans . 
`` I 'm not obligated to sit down and talk to anybody , '' the Jaguar chairman asserted yesterday . 
A similiar proposal has been made in the W. Herbert Hunt case although he and the IRS are at odds over the size of the non-dischargable debt he would have to pay to the government from future earnings . 
John Wilpers resigned as editor in chief . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters are n't universally loved in Hollywood but they are well connected . 
Next to them was the red flag of the outlawed South African Communist Party , which has long been an ANC ally . 
In 1986 , Mr. Simmons also served on a committee of businessmen headed by William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Resolution Trust Corp . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 13\/16 % to 8 11\/16 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
After that , `` it would make sense for airlines to talk about doing things jointly , '' said Cotton Daly , director of cargo services for New York consulting firm Simat , Helliesen & Eichner Inc . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Kellogg surged 4 1\/4 to 75 . 
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits . 
In a strongly worded response summarizing a filing made in the same court yesterday , GE asserted that `` prosecutors have misstated the testimony of witnesses , distorted documents and ignored important facts . '' 
`` We do n't feel we can use { the devices } routinely in surgery yet , but we 're getting close , '' says Dr. Levy , who is now with the University of Pittsburgh . 
Areas that are made of ` fill ' liquefy . 
Is somebody telling us something ? 
Ever since that fearful Black Monday , they 've been tirelessly wooing wary individual investors -- trying to convince them that Oct. 19 , 1987 , was a fluke and that the stock market really is a safe place for average Americans to put their hard-earned dollars . 
I thought back to our time in small , sparsely populated communities . 
One is that there are not enough police to satisfy small businesses . 
The company had a tax credit of $ 1.4 million . 
For the nine months , the insurance company said net fell 46 % to $ 88.8 million , or $ 1.54 a share , from $ 164 million , or $ 3.16 a share , the previous year . 
Twenty-one of its workers are Ph. D.s . 
The company said it will use the proceeds of the offering for debt reduction and general corporate purposes , including acquisitions . 
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital-gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles . 
And he says Block 's other businesses are growing , although less consistently . 
`` We have no plans at this time to pay off those notes , '' he said . 
Lack of important , needed information can cause fear . 
But is he so clever that he has achieved the political equivalent of making water run uphill ? 
Under those measures , financial institutions would be restricted from owning any more real estate than they need for their business operations . 
Analysts have attributed much of the summer 's spurt in spending to bargain car prices at the end of the model year . 
A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue-chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . 
By converting an expenditure or loan to a guarantee , the government can ensure the same flow of resources and reduce the current deficit . 
The Tokyo stock price index of first section issues was up 7.81 at 2687.53 . 
Drug money has also gone to buy expensive cars , airplanes , launches and nightclubs where drugs are consumed . 
The company made and marketed the Dalkon Shield in the early 1970s amid mounting evidence that it could cause serious injuries . 
Ingersoll President Robert M. Jelenic said in a statement that the company is `` delighted by the conclusion of the Goodson relationship '' and will be able to `` concentrate all our energies '' on Ingersoll 's own papers . 
The company has promptly paid all its expenses and obligations since March 16 , a Maxicare spokesman said . 
Pennsylvania State Employees Retirement System , for example , has about $ 130 million invested in a fund of 244 companies that are either Pennsylvania-based or have 25 % of their work forces in the state . 
Whether they are or are not underpaid is a problem of equity ; it is not an educational problem . 
After days of intense but fruitless negotiations , a federal judge last week threatened to convert William Herbert Hunt 's Chapter 11 personal bankruptcy case into a Chapter 7 liquidation . 
Three companies began trading over the counter . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
Digital Equipment 's profit fell 32 % in the latest quarter , prompting forecasts of weaker results ahead . 
Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 . 
The Northeast and West regions were unchanged . 
Vice Chancellor Maurice A. Hartnett III of Delaware 's Court of Chancery heard arguments for more than two hours here , but he made no comment and asked no questions . 
Mr. Payson , an art dealer and collector , sold Vincent van Gogh 's `` Irises '' at a Sotheby 's auction in November 1987 to Australian businessman Alan Bond . 
France 's second-largest government-owned insurance company , Assurances Generales de France , has been building its own Navigation Mixte stake , currently thought to be between 8 % and 10 % . 
But the Nikkei fell an overall 1.8 % in value that day compared with Wall Street 's far sharper 6.9 % drop on Oct. 13 . 
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday . 
Sullivan Graphics Inc. , offering of $ 110 million of senior subordinated notes , via Merrill Lynch . 
For Akzo 's drug business , where profits have shown litle change for the past five years , Mr. Bergsma predicted moderate profit growth . 
`` Going into the fourth quarter the sales comparison will be more difficult , '' predicted restaurant analyst Howard Hansen of Kidder , Peabody & Co . 
Mr. Bush 's veto power puts him a commanding position in the narrowly divided House , but a vote to override his position could well pick up new support because of the wealth of health and education programs financed in the underlying bill . 
The U.S. and Finland signed an income-tax treaty , subject to ratification . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday , Crossland closed at $ 5.25 , down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline . 
When it opened in 1939 , Shannon was the first landfall in Europe for thirsty airplanes flying from North America . 
The study said Japan 's carbon-dioxide emissions would slightly more than double by 2010 unless the nation reduced its dependence on fossil fuels . 
Nine-month sales were $ 2.79 billion , up 8.2 % from $ 2.58 billion a year earlier . 
Earlier this year , the company sold a similar unit in Europe for about $ 25 million . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled new optical transmission systems for data , video and voice communications . 
`` I think he is trying to improperly influence a witness , and by God I 'm not going to tolerate it , '' he says . 
This occurred partly because of more competition as the number of new businesses surged . 
Some frantically dumped belongings into pillowcases , others threw goods out windows . 
In preliminary , unaudited results reported Friday , Bond Corp. also posted an operating loss of A$ 814.1 million for the year ended June 30 , compared with operating profit of A$ 354.7 million a year earlier . 
Obviously , it 's harder to establish a sense of place in a one-shot TV movie . 
Mr. Carpenter , a former consulting-firm executive who has a love for `` task forces , '' says he has done a `` complete rethink '' of Kidder in recent months . 
The September drop was the largest since a 19 % drop in January 1982 , but monthly changes in this measure are even less reliable than those in other economic indicators . 
The common proposals for reforming the Fed would only make the situation worse , if they had any effect at all . 
Mr. Ball noted that television stations featured people holding up phone books , explaining where to call for help . 
The venture cost Quebecor $ 12 million , Mr. Peladeau says . 
Maybe Mr. Z. was too busy taming his set to work with his naturally ungainly Alfredo . 
`` Yes , they are . 
Exxon 's net income during the third quarter dropped to $ 1.11 billion , or 87 cents a share , from $ 1.22 billion , or 93 cents a share , a year earlier . 
He contends that chasing consumers with low-priced imports will harm the industry in the long run by reducing the prestige of furs . 
Wisconsin Toy Co. said it definitively agreed to acquire closely held Everything 's a Dollar Inc. of Virginia Beach , Va. , for stock currently valued at about $ 4.7 million . 
Moody 's said Houston Lighting 's current situation has some positive aspects , including managing `` very well '' the construction and commercial operation risks of Units 1 and 2 of the South Texas Project nuclear power plant . 
The industry 's chemical profits also declined because excess capacity has depressed prices . 
The size of the issue was decreased from an originally planned $ 95.2 million . 
As a result , BankAmerica said its reserve against troubled foreign-country loans , once below 25 % , now amounts to 45 % of the $ 6.4 billion of non-trade debt it calculates it is owed by those nations . 
The Dow Jones industrials gained 4.92 , to 2643.65 . 
`` The downsizing of the thrift industry is well under way , '' said Bert Ely , an industry consultant in Alexandria , Va . 
Glamorous and pure-voiced as ever , Ms. Collins sang Joni Mitchell 's `` For Free '' -- about an encounter with a street-corner clarinetist , to which Mr. Stoltzman contributed a clarinet obligatto -- and Mr. Douglas 's lush setting of a Gaelic blessing , `` Deep Peace . '' 
The results were at the upper end of market expectations , which ranged from # 185 million to # 188 million . 
Shearson does n't break out the earnings of its subsidiaries . 
`` The stock market ai n't going to do much of anything '' for a while , says John Neff of Wellington Management , who runs the $ 8.3 billion Windsor Fund . 
In addition : -- Soo Line jumped 2 3\/4 to 20 1\/4 , above the $ 19.50 a share that Canadian Pacific offered for the company in a takeover proposal . 
Although Mr. Hastings had been acquitted by a jury , lawmakers handling the prosecution in Congress had argued that the purpose of impeachment is n't to punish an individual . 
The harder he tried to push them into large piles , the closer he came to breaking the rake and straining his back . 
That facility should reopen today . 
The Fujitsu spokeswoman said headquarter officials did n't approve the bid in advance and will take measures so this kind of thing does n't happen in the future . 
Hawker Siddeley said its core electrical products division enjoyed strong growth , with a 20 % rise in operating profit during the period . 
Often , Mr. Dinkins 's procrastination prevented him from having a say in the way things turned out , critics claim . 
Mr. Alito said his office `` just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . '' 
Though almost everybody at the playing site had been looking for the 26-year-old Soviet to beat the Pennsylvania-based computer , he gave the machine a far worse drubbing than many expected . 
`` The system , '' says Nicholas Samengo-Turner , a Lloyd 's broker who left the exchange in 1985 , `` is so ludicrously unprofessional it drives you mad . '' 
The pilots had been working on a buy-out bid between $ 225 and $ 240 a share , or $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion . 
If the Senate plan prevails , the premium will be $ 33.90 , with the additional $ 4.90 going to pay for expanded hospital coverage under Part A of Medicare . 
The humanitarian assistance , which pays for supplies such as food and clothing for the rebels amassed along the Nicaraguan border with Honduras , replaced the military aid cut off by Congress in February 1988 . 
Mr. Regalia said the industry may be reluctant to step up building at the moment for fear the inventories of unsold homes will increase again . 
More important , he emerged as a peacemaker last summer after the Central Park rape of a white jogger -- in which a group of Harlem teens was charged -- and the racial murder of a black teen-ager in the white Brooklyn neighborhood of Bensonhurst . 
On top of this , the traveler who converts his dollars into foreign currency before the trip starts will lose interest from the day of conversion . 
Inco paid Morgan an advisory fee of about $ 250,000 , a paltry figure by today 's measures . 
Competition could be maintained -- and stadiums probably would remain full -- if schedules were reduced and the games returned to the students , we said . 
But since Time 's merger with Warner Communications Inc. , relations between the two have become strained . 
When a court decides that a particular actor 's conduct was culpable and so extends the definition of insider trading to reach this conduct , it does not see the potentially enormous number of other cases that will be covered by the expanded rule . 
In fact , it was up 24 . 
Friday 's big fall was `` just a blunder by the stock market , '' says John Connolly , chief strategist for Dean Witter . 
For the nine months , American Express said net rose 11 % to $ 899.8 million , or $ 2.09 a share , from $ 807.5 million , or $ 1.89 a share . 
However , state initiatives restrict the ability of the legislature to raise such taxes unless the voters approve in a statewide referendum . 
Gonzalez , who pledged to help monitor voting in Nicaragua , was said to be carrying proposals for free elections in Panama . 
Traders who had sold contracts earlier , in hopes of buying them back at lower prices , yesterday were buying contracts back at higher prices to limit their losses . 
Sapporo gained 80 to 1,920 and Kirin added 60 to 2,070 . 
A good place to start the rehabilitation is a `` legislative line-item veto '' bill now being offered by Indiana Senator Dan Coats . 
It was n't until the early 1980s that Akzo nursed itself back to health . 
Douglas B. Evans 
For the fourth quarter , Bristol-Myers Squibb will report one set of earnings . 
Up to 500,000 Somalis have escaped to the relative safety of Marxist Ethiopia because of the behavior of President Barre 's troops . 
The tremendous energy of the quake was dissipated by the distance , so that most parts of the valley and the major cities suffered largely cosmetic damage -- broken windows , falling brick and cornices , buckled asphalt or sidewalks . 
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run . 
In the 1988 third quarter , the forest-products company reported profit of $ 144.9 million , or 69 cents a share . 
Mr. Sutton recalls : `` When I left , I sat down with Charlie { Rangel } , Basil { Paterson } and David , and David said , ` Who will run for borough president ? ' And I said , ` You will . ' '' 
During time off , Mr. Roman tends to his garden ; Mr. Phillips confesses to a fondness for , among other things , fast cars and planes . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
But will it be enough ? 
`` This is serious business ; we 're serious about a capital-gains reduction , '' said Kansas Sen. Robert Dole , the Senate 's Republican leader . 
Color Systems , which converts black-and-white film to color videotape , posted a loss of $ 7.1 million , or $ 1.32 a share , on revenue of $ 10.6 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 . 
But the different business system would make it hard for Dentsu to provide these Japanese companies the same kind of services they do in Japan . 
A White House budget office analysis estimates that $ 500 million -- or half the level in the committee bill -- is needed for highway assistance to meet California 's needs , and the administration rejects the notion that new appropriations are needed to finance disaster loans by the Small Business Administration . 
`` Now that the supply situation seems to be improving , it would be best for traders to switch their concentration to the demand side . '' 
`` They are n't controlling their destiny like they used to . '' 
There are 3.5 million shares of Applied Solar , of which American Cyanamid owns 2.7 million . 
Mostly because of the sell-off in technology stocks , the Nasdaq 100 Index of the OTC 's largest non-financial issues dropped 4.58 to 457.52 . 
IBM says it considers its shares a good investment . 
The head of the DEA at the time , John Ingersoll , scotched the assassination plan . 
The letter apparently came in response to a request for clarification by LIN earlier this week . 
The suit says the company failed to disclose material adverse information about its financial condition . 
Sales rose 8 % to $ 1.15 billion from $ 1.06 billion . 
However , non-interest income rose to $ 23.5 million from $ 22 million . 
`` We 're trying to take care of a heck of a lot of constituents , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
But the thing it 's supposed to measure -- manufacturing strength -- it missed altogether last month . '' 
`` Thus we judge it to be not a violation of the ABM treaty at this time . '' 
`` On balance , we think it will be positive . '' 
The catalog retailer reported net income of $ 10.8 million , or 21 cents a share , up sharply from $ 6.6 million , or 13 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Its securities have been dubbed `` bailout bonds '' by traders . 
British Tissues decided to do away with its hard paper after a major customer , British Rail , switched to softer tissues for train bathrooms ... . 
The average one-year savings-type CD was down to 7.99 % from 8.01 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , a New York information service that tracks CD yields . 
In addition , the coalition of labor and management , longtime enemies who joined forces only under the threat of Mr. Davis 's bid , could break apart now . 
If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall , but want to continue owning stocks , they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts . 
Developers and money managers are looking for bargains among the thousands of financially troubled properties around the country . 
The debentures were issued in the face amount of $ 46 million on July 11 , 1988 , the Ashland , Ky. , coal mining , water transportation and construction company said . 
The final B-2 agreement is certain to require detailed testing and verification of the bomber 's capabilities , but congressional aides said the accord wo n't include a House-passed provision that would have withheld production funds until Congress approves a cheaper , scaled-down version of the $ 70 billion fleet of 132 B-2s envisioned by the Pentagon . 
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial-services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added . 
The official Xinhua News Agency said the municipal government was discussing a draft bill to give the capital its first anti-prostitution statutes . 
Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization . 
Mr. Bailey said he expects to name a new group president to head that operation following the Nov. 8 board meeting . 
`` We make what we know how to make , '' says business manager Richard Mazzera . 
Occasionally , all that 's needed is a little coaxing . 
The current liberalization and decentralization of foreign trade would be taken much further . 
But advancing issues topped decliners by 784 to 700 on the Big Board despite the late sell programs , resulting from stock-index arbitrage . 
First Tennessee National Corp. said it would take a $ 4 million charge in the fourth quarter , as a result of plans to expand its systems operation . 
Kathie Huff , a respondent in the Journal survey from Spokane , Wash. , says her husband is adamant about eating only Hunt 's ketchup . 
Merrill 's move is one of the most sweeping program-trading pullbacks of recent days , because the big securities firm will no longer execute stock-index arbitrage trades for customers . 
Even with that power show , though , the Oakland Series ' star , certified by the Most Valuable Player award , was a pitcher , Dave Stewart . 
The envelope arrives in the mail . 
Mesa Airlines said the takeover offer it received earlier this week from StatesWest Airlines is for a combination of cash and securities valued by StatesWest at $ 10 a Mesa share . 
Mr. Burton says conservatives ' unhappiness with Mr. Bush 's cautious handling of the recent unsuccessful coup in Panama will make them more willing to speak out . 
The operating chief 's post is new . 
Assistant U.S. Attorney Randy Mastro , who headed the government 's racketeering case against the International Brotherhood of Teamsters , will join Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher in its New York office . 
That followed a 3.3 % decline in August . 
Terry L. Haines , formerly general manager of Canadian operations , was elected to the new position of vice president , North American sales , of this plastics concern . 
In yesterday 's third-quarter earnings report , the company alluded to a $ 40 million provision for restructuring costs involving U.S. exploration and production operations . 
One of their pastors has envisioned a `` new utopia '' of `` creative socialism . '' 
Power could n't be restored at the company 's San Francisco headquarters to allow trading yesterday morning . 
A price was n't disclosed . 
It was the start of a boom in unfriendly , even ungentlemanly , mergers . 
The tender offer for Gen-Probe 's shares is expected to begin next Monday , the company said . 
Markets -- 
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table . 
Source : Ibbotson Associates Inc . 
The companies said Pace would ill continue to operate under its present management . 
In recent months , California 's Transportation Department has been recruiting in Pennsylvania , Arizona and Texas for engineers experienced in road and bridge design . 
Dollar : 141.65 yen , off 0.45 ; 1.8300 marks , off 0.0100 . 
Revenue rose 6.4 % to $ 3.13 billion from $ 2.94 billion . 
That 's just what Joseph Granville expects . 
But it 's just one of those things that happened . 
For the killer and thief , Said Mahran , fame flows from the barrel of a gun . 
After letting aluminum-makers take the recycling lead , a group of the nation 's largest steelmakers started a recycling institute to promote steel cans to an environmentally conscious nation . 
But the company said Friday that it had losses of $ 673.3 million through the first nine months , compared with earnings a year earlier of $ 382.2 million , or $ 2.22 a share fully diluted , as revenue inched up 1.4 % to $ 7.13 billion from $ 7.03 billion . 
They said the agreement will be submitted to their respective supervisory boards next Wednesday . 
And those who did n't move some production overseas suffer labor shortages . 
The company , Mr. Renzas said , has n't yet determined what to do . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the agreement `` an important step forward in the strengthened debt strategy , '' noting that it will `` when implemented , provide significant reduction in the level of debt and debt service owed by Costa Rica . '' 
So the older or most inefficient capacity has got to go . '' 
Mr. Melloan is deputy editor of the Journal . 
General Electric Co. said it signed a contract with the developers of the Ocean State Power project for the second phase of an independent $ 400 million power plant , which is being built in Burrillville , R.I . 
In passing the window , Senorita Elvira gives them a smile -- simply out of habit . 
Mr. Wolf owns 75,000 UAL shares and has options to buy another 250,000 at $ 83.3125 each . 
She concedes that such a position is `` unfair '' to the thousands of conscientious and qualified people plying the trade , but as a consumer advocate she feels impelled to take it . 
Mr. Schantz was vice president and chief operating officer of the Acrylic division of Polycast Technology Corp . 
While supporting the Commonwealth `` in utterly condemning apartheid , '' her statement urged it to `` encourage change '' rather than inflict further punishment on the country 's black population . 
These are the sensitive souls who can empathize with and even enjoy hearing about other people 's troubles , no matter how haltingly or predictably the sad tale is told . 
Marc M. Goloven , an economist with Manufacturers Hanover Trust in New York , said that while the figures appear to indicate a sadly deteriorating U.S. trade performance , there 's still enough positive news in the data to justify buying dollars . 
He discovered a 75-cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address . 
New construction contracts rose 8 % in September , led by commercial , industrial and public-works projects , according to F.W. Dodge Group . 
Mr. Zafris thinks rates are heading down , helping small companies . 
The issue , which is puttable back to the company Nov. 1 , 1994 , was priced at a spread of 70 basis points above the Treasury 's five-year note . 
FERC 's regulation had given pipelines until March 31 , 1989 , to pass on to customers as much as 50 % of the costs of buying out their broken contracts , which were made with producers when gas prices were high and supplies short . 
Laura Dale , center manager at the catalog company 's customer order center in Reno , Nev. , defends monitoring . 
The government had fallen $ 300 million behind in interest payments . 
In the fiscal nine months ended June 30 , reports Raymond P. Keenan , assistant commissioner for collection , they examined about 13,000 employers , assessed more than $ 67 million in delinquent employment taxes , and reclassified about 56,000 workers as employees instead of self-employed contractors . 
Environmental groups would soon go out of business were they not able to send out mailings describing the latest threat and asking for money to fight it . 
Laurance V. Allen , 44 , who had been director for North America , resigned to pursue other business interests and do some consulting . 
Bay Financial Corp. , Boston , which has been reporting big losses and warning of a possible bankruptcy-law filing , said it was sued by a holder . 
The individual foreign policy carried out by U.S. legislators adds to a confusing U.S. performance that has emboldened Soviet initiatives in Central America . 
The board and UAL 's management , he says , `` ca n't go back '' to business as usual . 
It gets more mail in a month than McCall 's got in a year , and it 's not from mothers . 
One of Dun & Bradstreet 's chief businesses is compiling reports that rate the credit-worthiness of millions of American companies . 
France , Britain and Italy all have light tanks they would like to keep out of the talks . 
The plan creates a new category of students from `` socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds , '' a concept not yet defined , and gives them about 10 % of the class . 
CRI , which sponsors Champs , is a world-wide real estate investment firm . 
As earlier reported , L.J. Hooker this week received a $ 409 million bid for its three shopping malls , plus other properties from a consortium led by Honolulu real-estate investor Jay Shidler and A. Boyd Simpson , an Atlanta developer and former L.J. Hooker senior executive . 
Some credit concerns , such as Bernard Sands Credit Consultants Inc. , have told clients not to ship anything to Federated or Allied stores on credit . 
They are stressing that the best way for the West to help the East is to move faster towards Western European economic and monetary unity . 
UPS wo n't discuss its labor practices , but , according to Mr. Cleveland , a former UPS employee , and others , union work rules prohibit UPS drivers from doing more than carrying packages between customers and their vans . 
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 . 
Another active FT-SE 100 stock was clothing and furniture retailer Burton , which gained 6 to 196 . 
The higher the ratio of hits to total words , the higher the presumed value to the reader . 
Today more than 470 money market funds have total assets exceeding $ 350 billion . 
The Steppenwolf Theatre Company , back from a critical and box office success in London with its adaptation of Steinbeck 's `` The Grapes of Wrath , '' opened the new season with Harold Pinter 's `` The Homecoming , '' first produced by the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1965 . 
Since then , roughly 50 pediatric patients have received the drug in his program . 
And National Advanced Systems , a joint venture of Japan 's Hitachi Ltd. and General Motors Corp. 's Electronic Data Systems , is expected to unveil a line of powerful IBM-compatible mainframes later this year . 
Mr. Lang took on Ms. and Sassy with the acquisition of Matilda Publications Inc. by his newly formed Lang Communications . 
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . '' 
I add two others . 
`` We 've been listed as a candidate for so long it 's not worth worrying about , '' said Mr. Price . 
The filing , made yesterday in U.S. Bankruptcy Court here , follows an agreement by L.J. Hooker Corp. , Merksamer 's owner , to sell the chain to management for an undisclosed price . 
The natural gas pipeline concern said the 500 million cubic feet a day capacity pipeline would be built by a proposed joint venture between two Panhandle Eastern units - Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. and Trunkline Gas Co . 
In between came lots of coffee drinking while watching the balloons inflate and lots of standing around deciding who would fly in what balloon and in what order ( the baskets hold no more than four passengers ) . 
I am not sure that judges , many of whom I like very much , are proper repositories for making distinctions about pop singers , '' said Richard Kurnit , a New York advertising lawyer . 
Revenue from business-telephone operations grew 3.3 % to $ 618.9 million from $ 599.4 million a year ago . 
The Big Board lists its targets as pension plans , mutual fund managers and index-arbitrage traders . 
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner . 
The British conglomerate cited the recent turmoil in financial markets . 
Christopher Whittington , 51-year-old deputy chairman of this British investment-banking group and chairman of Morgan Grenfell & Co. , the group 's main banking unit , has retired from his executive duties . 
The company said losses from the Oct. 17 earthquake in California have n't yet been determined , but that it provides earthquake coverage to about 1,400 properties in the stricken area . 
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded . 
Even claims against individuals and companies face significant roadblocks . 
As a result , U.S. Trust 's earnings have been hurt . 
Analysts have been expecting a GM-Jaguar pact that would give the U.S. car maker an eventual 30 % stake in the British company and create joint ventures that would produce an executive-model range of cars . 
At age 19 , she was a Paris sensation , transformed from unwanted child to international sex symbol in just over a decade . 
So far , the mega-issues are a hit with investors . 
Grand Met owns Bombay gin , the No. 3 imported gin in the U.S. ; rival Guinness PLC has the No. 1 imported brand , Tanqueray . 
Mining is likely to remain Trelleborg 's main business . 
That 's not plot . 
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad . 
It 's not so much the idea of acquisitions that has agitated the cosmetics industry as the companies doing the acquiring : P&G and Unilever bring with them great experience with mundane products like soap and toilet paper , sparking disdain in the glitzy cosmetics trade ; but they also bring mammoth marketing clout , sparking fear . 
( The 1989 price : $ 250,000 . ) 
The subsidiary also increased reserves by $ 140 million , however , and set aside an additional $ 25 million for claims connected with Hurricane Hugo . 
It has always been true that those outside the club want to climb in , and that a few will cut corners in the process . 
Making matters worse was the fact that late Friday afternoon the CBOE halted stock-index options trading in step with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's halt in stock-index futures . 
( Airlines are n't lowering fares to Northern California following this week 's earthquake , but reservation agents can waive advance-purchase restrictions on discount fares for emergency trips . ) 
Among other conditions , the offer depends on the Dow unit acquiring at least 66 2\/3 % of the PSE shares outstanding , the companies said in a joint statement Friday . 
According to U.S. sources in Beijing , the administration hopes Mr. Deng 's fairly conciliatory comments will prod Congress to be cautious about further sanctions against Beijing . 
About 11,000 shares sold at $ 170 on the bell , representing about eight to 10 late orders , the specialists estimate . 
The results show Sears is struggling to attract shoppers . 
Stone Container Chairman Roger Stone said that , unlike for some other paper products , demand for Stone 's principal commodity , unbleached containerboard , remains strong . 
You 'll see carriers try to recoup some of the price cutting that occurred previously . '' 
But Mr. Skinner disagreed , calling the legislation `` a retreat from the policy of deregulaton of the airline industry . '' 
`` Before futures , '' says New York investor Michael Harkins , `` you actually had to pay attention to whether the thing you were buying had any intrinsic value . '' 
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150-member bar association . 
Cathay is working to promote Hong Kong as a destination worth visiting on its own merits , rather than just a stopover . 
Dr. Morgan has just emerged from the D.C. jail after more than two years ' confinement for contempt of court , a heroine to her many supporters . 
The agreement marks Bausch & Lomb 's first venture selling its eye care products for use by veterinarians . 
Mr. Bush has called for an agreement by next September at the latest . 
Mr. Tucker , 56 years old , is currently vice president and chief operating officer of Bell Atlantic 's C&P Telephone unit . 
One thing about the Bartlett plan was never in doubt : It would demand the full-time skills of a battalion of topiary barbers , rosarians , orchardists and arborists . 
Analysts agreed . 
The new directors are Gordon M. Sprenger , president and chief executive officer of LifeSpan Inc. , and Peter S. Willmott , chairman and chief executive officer of Willmott Services Inc . 
`` I 'm pretty confident I 'm catching everything , '' he says . 
The 200,000 shares are about 23 % of Interferon 's common shares outstanding , excluding National Patent 's stake . 
The following shows the number of times these industries outperformed the Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index during the first six months of the past seven recessions . 
The red ink came as no surprise to Wall Street , but analysts said they saw ominous hints of a further delay in volume shipments of Version 1.1 , a harbinger of continued losses in the fourth quarter . 
And , with many of his 70,000 workers , Mr. Smith 's damn-the-torpedoes attitude has caught on . 
The book noted changes made at the manufacturing level that were n't disclosed to the FDA . 
`` They got a transaction that 's good for both companies . '' 
Once she did so , the big-souled German maestro with the shaky nerves who so often cancels offered a limpid , flowing performance that in its unswagged and unswaggering approach was totally at odds with the staging . 
In the Gulf of Mexico , a boat to deliver supplies to offshore rigs now costs around $ 3,000 a day , up nearly 60 % since June . 
He said the normal ratio is five to six weeks . 
The previous period 's results included a $ 108 million pretax charge related to unrecoverable contract costs and a $ 12.3 million pretax gain on real estate sales . 
Despite the risks , the deals can be an attractive way for Japanese banks to increase their presence in the U.S. market , bank analysts say . 
Running a charity does cost money , but reputable organizations manage to get the lion 's share of donations out to where they are really needed . 
Mr. Keteyian had to do most of his own digging on University of Nebraska football , which is , to date , high and dry as far as the NCAA is concerned . 
For complex cases , judges sometimes allow many more . 
In this case , the Members outdid themselves . 
The agency , with about $ 35 million in billings , will be dissolved , with some of its staffers absorbed by WCRS 's Della Femina McNamee unit in Boston , Ms. Heller said . 
`` The bottom line is that it 's more hand to mouth than it has been before , '' he said . 
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share . 
But membership in the International Association of Financial Planners ( IAFP ) , the industry 's biggest trade group , is still nearly triple what it was in 1980 , and it 's believed that the ranks of planners who do n't belong to any group have soared as well . 
The December contract was down three cents a pound , settling at $ 1.1280 , which was just above the day 's low of $ 1.1270 . 
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early . 
Another arbitrator is hearing another pay parity case between Eastern and its pilots , resulting from a similar set of circumstances involving a separate pay raise granted another union . 
That 's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash , when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled . 
Michael Gifford , Rank 's chief executive , said the British theater chain 's total involvement `` would n't exceed $ 100 million '' but declined to give a breakdown between the loan financing and the proposed Film House purchase . 
Such an organization could , among other things , set minimum standards for competence , ethics and finances and punish those investment advisers who broke the rules . 
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company . 
We 're told Senator Pryor is n't yet a co-sponsor , but if he and his colleagues are serious about kicking their compulsions , they 'll sign up . 
The investment community , however , strongly believes that the strike will be settled before there is any lasting effect on either Boeing or its work force . 
Gillette Co. elected Warren E. Buffett , chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , to its board , increasing the number of directors to 12 from 11 . 
This sort of improved link figures to eventually become a significant weapon for some companies . 
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market-makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100-share index . 
Stocks : Volume 126,630,000 shares . 
Some traders noted individual investors dumped NTT shares amid growing expectation for a division of the company as suggested by a recent government-sponsored panel . 
Environmental lawyers say virtually all of the Superfund cases to date have involved civil penalties designed to insure cleanup of past polluting activities . 
Before the 1987 crash , the P\/E was more than 20 . 
But internal church documents clearly show that at its publicity-seeking heights , as when it organized a spectacular Yankee Stadium bicentennial rally in 1976 , there actually were only about 2,000 full-time Unification Church members in the U.S. 
Today , with business activity in Hong Kong staggering along at an uneven pace , the economy itself seems locked in a struggle between hope and fear . 
Bob Bardagy , executive vice president of marketing at Comdisco Inc. , a huge leasing firm , said : `` To put it mildly , IBM Credit has been doing some of the worst economic deals of any leasing company we have ever seen . '' 
Viewers may not be cheering , either . 
In short , throw away the passbook and go for the glory . 
The Philippine merchandise trade deficit widened to $ 1.71 billion during the first eight months of 1989 from $ 807 million a year earlier . 
With stocks having been battered lately because of the collapse of takeover offers for UAL , the parent company of United Airlines , and AMR , the parent of American Airlines , analysts viewed the proposal as a psychological lift for the market . 
The Senate rejected a constitutional amendment sought by Bush to prohibit desecration of the U.S. flag . 
Mervin Lung remains chairman and chief executive officer . 
Bofors says it ca n't disclose the names of the middlemen because it would jeopardize industrial confidentiality . 
They have all `` very clearly stated that they have not acquired and are not acquiring shares of AG , '' he said . 
Yesterday , the Dow Jones Industrial Average did a now familiar dance : It plunged 60.25 points before lunch , with most of the drop occurring in 25 minutes . 
In Congress , lawmakers already are looking for ways to add relief funds . 
Sekisui House , which gained 150 Tuesday , lost 70 to 2640 . 
Indeed . Recently , the trust failed to auction off the paper mill , a bank , an office building and a small cotton-ginning plant . 
`` The major negative factor was the cumulative impact of regulatory activity over the past two years . '' 
Within 15 minutes of the quake itself , I was able to see pictures of the collapsed section of the Bay Bridge . 
NEC forecast sales for the year ending next March 31 of 2.74 trillion yen , an increase of 27 % from the previous fiscal year . 
Short-term interest rates rose at the government 's regular weekly Treasury-bill auction . 
After various adjustments , they produced a 0.5 % rise in the index for August and a 0.2 % rise for September . 
Computer makers were scrambling to help customers recover from the disaster . 
Mr. Garcia acknowledges the problem and says the Asset Trust will study why the bidding failed and what changes the agency may be able to offer . 
One thing 's for sure : There have been a ton of them , and greater beings than the editors of the National Enquirer have shown interest . 
The people who tape the most buy the most . '' 
Decisions by the Second Circuit itself , Judge Oakes continued , had recognized that public interest in the subject matter and the indispensability in particular cases of verbatim quotations are vital components of fair use . 
Mr. Edelman could n't be reached for comment . 
McDonnell Douglas Corp. got a $ 12.5 million Air Force contract for support work on the National Aerospace plane . 
Dealers placed heavy buy orders in the morning to start the first trading day for November transactions . 
The size of the company 's board has been reduced to eight directors from 13 . 
The stock-market rally was led by blue-chip issues , but , unlike Monday 's rebound , was broadly based . 
`` It 's like panning for gold outside of Grand Central Station . 
The loan guarantee would amount to about $ 127.5 million , or 85 % of the cost of the aircraft . 
But even if they behaved recklessly , reasons still exist to fear and resist this steady process of case-by-case judicial extension of the law of insider trading . 
`` Too often , advertising imagery has n't done a good job of forging a special emotional bond between a brand and the consumer . '' 
Beverly Hills , Calif. -- $ 116,385,000 of refunding certificates of participation ( civic center improvements project ) , due 1990-2004 , 2007 , 2016 and 2019 , tentatively priced by a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.19 % in 2016 . 
But to Hong Kong , China is n't purely business . 
By making clever inferences about how the squashed and distorted fossil remains corresponded to three-dimensional structures , this trio was able to piece together a series of wondrous beasties quite unlike anything currently on the planet . 
`` I 'd love to see sports cut back , and so would a lot of my counterparts at other schools , but everybody 's afraid to make the first move , '' he confided . 
As investors speculated about the long - and short-term implications , shares of a number of companies that might either profit or face problems because of the disaster were actively traded . 
Maybe the problem is a political system that wo n't act without an `` exchange of letters , '' that insists on running foreign policy by committee , that treats a president as just another guy at the table . 
GM closed down $ 1.875 at $ 44.875 in New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday . 
`` In reality it 's very volatile , but the movements are not because of market movements . 
TV evangelist Jim Bakker was sentenced to 45 years in prison and fined $ 500,000 for defrauding followers of his PTL ministry . 
Other retailers are also preparing for a ho-hum holiday . 
A federal court jury in New York found U.S. Rep. Robert Garcia ( D. , N.Y . ) and his wife , Jane Lee Garcia , guilty of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech in return for official acts by the congressman . 
The plan thus will decrease by 22 % , for a net loss of 10 % , the number of students admitted primarily by academic criteria . 
The maker of hand-held computers and computer systems said the personnel changes were needed to improve the efficiency of its manufacturing operation . 
Sammi Steel Co . ( Korea ) -- $ 50 million of bonds due Nov. 8 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/4 % to 1 3\/4 % coupon at par , via Merrill Lynch International Ltd. and Dong Suh Securities Co . 
The S&P 500 rose 4 % , the Dow Jones Equity Market index gained 3.7 % and the New York Stock Exchange composite index added 3.5 % . 
And with a labor shortage and intense competitive pressure to improve efficiency , more and more Japanese companies are concluding that they have no choice . 
But Hertz points out that at least it 's now charging only $ 3.95 a day in Texas , while some competitors are charging $ 6.99 . 
`` It 's very difficult to model the long-term impact of this , '' says Andrew Goldberg , who studies the public-policy and crisis-management aspects of earthquakes at the Center for Strategic International Studies in Washington , D.C . 
Unisys Corp. received a $ 24.4 million Air Force contract for computer programming . 
Some of this buying was by Japan , which has had its supplies sharply reduced by long production stoppages at the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea , Highland Valley mine in British Columbia , and the Cananea mine in Mexico , which are major shippers to Japan . 
`` But they have n't yet drawn the operational policy conclusions . '' 
The death toll rose to 63 . 
Refcorp , created by the thrift-overhaul law enacted in August , will use the proceeds to merge or sell off ailing savings-and-loan institutions . 
Some of our best and most idiosyncratic film makers -- from Truffaut to Fellini to Woody Allen -- have taken a cue from Chekhov : When it comes to compelling drama , there 's no place like home . 
As of June 30 , it had settled about 15,000 of 81,000 claims filed and its unpaid claims totaled $ 136 million , a large portion of its $ 268 million in cash and marketable securities . 
General Dynamics closed at $ 54.875 , up 50 cents . 
One difference , he said , is that the fourth quarter has significantly fewer workdays because of holidays and the hunting season . 
9.80 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Apogee Robotics Inc. said its board extended until Feb. 1 the exercise period of Apogee 's existing stock purchase warrants outstanding . 
Then it had a series of smaller glitches , including problems manufacturing certain personal computers and the delay in the announcement of some important workstations . 
A governing body of both the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Governmental Accounting Standards Board voted to give the FASB jurisdiction over accounting standards for certain government-owned entities . 
Texaco has purchased an oil-producing company in Texas for $ 476.5 million . 
I was driving my truck , stopped at a red light at the corner of Shattuck and Alcatraz at the Oakland-Berkeley border when it hit . 
The federal productivity estimators use labor input , rather than output , data for their calculations of half of private financial and service industries as well . 
The potential bill : more than $ 600 million for several seasons , an 80 % jump . 
Testifying before a House subcommittee , Mr. Mulford said that if the Treasury had n't intervened in foreign-exchange markets in September and early October to reduce the dollar 's value , the plunge in the stock market might have provoked a steep fall in the currency that might have `` unhinged financial markets . '' 
The individuals said Gulf Power and federal prosecutors are considering a settlement under which the company would plead guilty to two felony charges and pay fines totaling between $ 500,000 and $ 1.5 million . 
The issue was rated single-B-2 by Moody 's and single-B by S&P . 
Despite the widening gap between the two sides , conferees eventually followed the pattern set in previous years by opting to roughly split the difference . 
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the first section , which gained 41.76 Tuesday , was up 0.24 points , or 0.01 % , at 2642.88 . 
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit . 
Large , heterogeneous election districts would encourage good government , said Madison , because a representative would be compelled to serve the interests of all his constituents and be servile to none . 
Right now , the largest loan the FHA can insure in high-cost housing markets is $ 101,250 . 
A shareholder filed suit , seeking to block Unitel Video Inc. 's proposed plan to be acquired by a new affiliate of closely held Kenmare Capital Corp. for $ 15 a share , or $ 33.6 million . 
But , he continues , `` They 're forgetting we 're all Texans . 
Now the best of them age as gracefully as Grannies , the industry 's gold standard for storability . 
Mr. Neff says the stock market has lost some powerful driving forces , namely earnings growth and the `` LBO sweepstakes '' -- buy-out fever that induced investors to bid up whole groups of stocks , such as media and airlines . 
The exchange also may step up its disclosure of firms engaged in program trading , these people said . 
Their relationship with Mr. Sugarman soured shortly thereafter . 
The damage is already done . 
Creation of a new , realistic U.S. policy is long overdue . 
`` The stocks that have been the best are having big pullbacks , and the ones that have been the worst are getting clobbered , '' Mr. Mills said . 
Japan does n't have enough AIDS patients to do significant experimentation in that country , they said . 
Some economists -- and many Japanese companies -- are puzzled by the warnings . 
Heidelberg 's first ads for the brand , which Sibra says will compete with imported light beer leader Amstel Light , feature the line `` The best tasting light beer you 've ever seen . 
A quadrennial commission appointed by Health and Human Services Secretary Louis Sullivan is taking a broad look at the economics of Medicare for the elderly , Medicaid for the poor and the health system in general . 
Witness the Walsh prosecution of Ollie North . 
Mr. Paul thus developed a close , symbiotic relationship with Sotheby 's . 
A computer failure delayed its earnings announcement , and some investors think it might have extra costs to repair damaged telephone lines . 
Three reasons were pinpointed : a preference for watching bowling and other sports on television rather than actually bowling , dowdy bowling centers , and dissatisfaction with bowling itself . 
Finally , I think it important to point out the extraordinarily high visibility of non-violent civil disobedience in these days of intensive media coverage . 
One senior administration official called the guideline `` outrageous '' and said it could make U.S. operatives reluctant to even listen to coup plans for fear they may get into legal trouble . 
Sales increased 11 % to # 2.5 billion from # 2.25 billion , while operating profit climbed 13 % to # 225.7 million from # 199.8 million . 
K mart runs 2,200 K mart stores , primarily in leased facilities . 
He added that San Francisco 's trolley cars and trolley buses were also running at full service levels . 
Reflecting the new-found interest , more than 140 U.S. companies are taking part in a Moscow exhibition organized by Mr. Forrester 's trade group . 
Adults under age 30 like sports cars , luxury cars , convertibles and imports far more than their elders do . 
`` We will support it , we will thank him , and we will augment it where appropriate , '' said Rep. Vic Fazio ( D. , Calif . ) . 
The university had sought an injunction blocking Connaught 's board from recommending or supporting an offer for the company by Merieux . 
Michael A. Miles , chief executive officer of Philip Morris Cos . ' Kraft General Foods unit , bought 6,000 shares of the company on Sept. 22 for $ 157 each . 
Fueling a controversy that has been simmering for years , the Census Bureau also said its figures would look far rosier if it recalculated the poverty threshold using an improved consumer-price measure adopted in 1983 . 
`` Lawmakers have been saying for weeks that they plan to roll back the cuts as soon as they agree to a compromise on a deficit-cutting bill . '' 
Even at the Basic Chemicals , Pharmaceuticals and Cosmetics Export Promotion Council , the government agency that promotes the seed , the psyllium boom is distant thunder . 
Three gambling casinos have opened in Poland . 
People often stay with a particular brand because they want to be associated with the image its advertising conveys , whether that 's macho Marlboro cigarettes or Cher 's Uninhibited perfume . 
The targeted audit groups include direct sellers -- people who sell cosmetics , housewares and other items door to door or at home parties -- and employers who label workers as independent contractors instead of employees , to avoid the employer share of payroll taxes . 
By day 's end , the Dow industrials had rebounded 88.12 points , or nearly half of Friday 's drop . 
New management can take several steps to reduce dishonesty . 
We know firsthand the discrimination addressed by the act : to be told there 's no place for your child in school ; to spend lonely hours at home because there is no transportation for someone in a wheelchair ; to be denied employment because you are disabled . 
Since the spring of 1985 , financial alchemists have transformed a wide variety of debt into these new securities . 
A limit order to sell could be entered at that price . 
That contrasts with the penny-ante sales of things such as pen-and-pencil sets and office supplies that are known as `` Hollywood '' scams . 
Here in this new center for Japanese assembly plants just across the border from San Diego , turnover is dizzying , infrastructure shoddy , bureaucracy intense . 
It is combing the town of 10,000 for about 200 extras . 
Indeed , the name derives from the tendency among telemarketing scammers to rent cheap basement space , near the boiler room . 
It is also taking over the maintenance of certain Navy aircraft with 40 % fewer people than the military used . 
The industrial revolution has produced an explosion in the capital market , which is a far cheaper source of funds than government-controlled banks , where interest rates for prime borrowers are around 16 % . 
In an impromptu news conference on the Capitol steps , he denounced the senators ' action . 
But there was a dearth of sellers , traders said , so buyers had to bid prices up to entice them . 
Gaylord Container said analysts are skeptical of it because it 's carrying a lot of debt . 
Japanese put up with it because the government provided job stability and growing paychecks . 
Two rival bidders for Connaught BioSciences extended their offers to acquire the Toronto-based vaccine manufacturer Friday . 
And the successful son wishes his embarrassing siblings dead . 
The consumer agency also disputed Newmark & Lewis 's continuing strategy of advertising `` new lower prices '' when allgedly there have n't been price reductions since June 1 . 
An associate member seat was sold for $ 228,000 , up $ 8,000 from the previous sale Oct. 4 . 
( So long as you do n't look down . ) 
Mr. Pilevsky , who heads Philips International Holding Corp. , a New York-based real estate company , owns more than a dozen other shopping centers in which K mart is a tenant . 
According to some estimates , the rule changes would cut insider filings by more than a third . 
Mr. Kaiser said there were no fundamental factors moving these markets . 
Polyvinyl chloride capacity `` has overtaken demand and we are experiencing reduced profit margins as a result , '' said John D. Ong , chairman and chief executive . 
Frank B. Hall Inc. of Briarcliff Manor , N.Y. is reportedly working out an agreement with Helmsley . 
It buys loans from lenders , packages some into securities for sale to investors and holds the remainder in a portfolio . 
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat . 
Right now , the executive adds , `` he wants to continue to focus on paying down '' USX 's debt by selling assets . 
According to the executive , BDDP 's involvement prompted renewed vigor in the WCRS-Eurocom talks and the two agencies were hoping to hammer out details by today . 
Pinnacle West Capital , which suspended its common-stock dividend indefinitely and reported a 91 % decline in third-quarter earnings , fell 5\/8 to 11 3\/8 . 
Establishing these practices would permit earlier identification of emerging financial crises , provide better information for loan sales and budgeting decisions , and reduce fraud . 
Among steel shares , NKK rose 19 to 705 yen ( $ 4.97 ) a share , and Nippon Steel gained 17 to 735 . 
Completion of the sale is expected early next year , Falcon said . 
The sales are an attempt to quell investor concern about Black & Decker 's increased debt burden from the Emhart purchase . 
The computer would let the machine run just until that order was filled , eliminating waste . 
Continental gave up some of its recent gains , dropping 8 to 338 , as rumors of an impending takeover attempt for the tiremaker faded , brokers said . 
KnowledgeWare Inc. , an Atlanta computer-software concern , says it is still planning to go ahead with its IPO this week or next -- unless conditions change . 
COCOA : Futures at first continued the rally begun on Monday , but then faltered and closed lower . 
Because of those concerns , some manufacturers say they will ask for letters of credit before shipping spring merchandise . 
The results were in line with analysts ' expectations . 
The decline primarily reflected the dilution from acquiring McCall 's , Golf World ( U.S. ) and Sailing World magazines ; lower equity earnings from the forest-products group because of price discounting and an unfavorable exchange rate , and an 8.7 % decline in advertising linage at the New York Times , the company 's flagship newspaper . 
Pension funds rarely own as much as a 20 % stake in what is expected to be a publicly traded company . 
However , he said he planned to spend the weekend making calls to gather additional support . 
`` I guess we 'll reluctantly go ahead and do it , vote for Dinkins , '' says Richard Wade , a politically active professor who supported Richard Ravitch , an also-ran in the Democratic primary . 
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade . 
The plunge followed a drop of $ 56.875 Monday , amid indications the takeover may take weeks to be revived . 
When First Interstate balked , arguing that the figure was too high , regulators responded by raising their recommendation to $ 350 million . 
Harvard 's Laurence Tribe was the constitutional heavy , laying out legal strategies for the senators and witnesses to follow . 
In such a climate , utility stocks look good to him . 
We ca n't afford to wait . '' 
Before American foreign policy set out to destroy Noriega , it helped create him out of the crucible of Panama 's long history of conspirators and pirates . 
He projected it would be operating about 1,000 flights a day by late spring , only slightly fewer than the carrier 's old volume of 1,050 a day . 
In recent years , carriers have become much more picky about who can fly on the cheap . 
After talking on and off for the past four weeks , Mr. Roman said , he agreed to take the job because `` it 's the right time , it 's a terrific opportunity , and I think I leave the company in very strong hands . 
The December contract reached its life-of-contract low of $ 975 a ton on Oct. 11 ; its lifetime high was $ 1,735 , set in 1988 , and its recent high was $ 1,368 , set in early August . 
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board . 
The second portion will be completed the following year . 
Dennis Farney 's Oct. 13 page-one article `` River of Despair , '' about the poverty along the Mississippi , fanned childhood memories of when my parents were sharecroppers in southeastern Arkansas , only a few miles from the river . 
She said that impact ca n't be reasonably assessed yet . 
Between 1965 and 1985 , Polish waters fit for human consumption dropped from 33 % to 6 % of all surface waters , while those unfit even for industry use nearly doubled . 
The troubled West German computer company said , in a statement to its employees , that the number of persons working in product development will be reduced world-wide to 2,440 from 2,888 by the end of 1990 . 
Professional Crisco products are specially made for the foodservice industry . 
Although a Finnish group has a minority interest in an already operating Moscow hotel , the Sheraton-Pan Am venture will be the first joint-venture hotels in the Soviet Union to have as much as 50 % foreign ownership . 
Enron Power Corp. , a unit of the Houston natural gas pipeline company , would design , construct and run the plant . 
They then began donating blood twice a week , receiving an EPO injection each time . 
What 's more , the takeover occurred as natural-gas prices were falling and just as Texas Oil & Gas reported its first annual loss in 28 years . 
Bond prices continued to edge higher in anticipation of more news showing a slower economy . 
The Maybelline beauty product line had higher sales following a sluggish first half . 
Mr. Pope owns 10,000 UAL shares and has options to buy another 150,000 at $ 69 each . 
But for all their intellectual and stylistic differences , they make the perfect `` good cop , bad cop '' team , Hollywood associates say . 
By law , the council includes the president , vice president and secretaries of state and defense . 
On Friday , the chief cabinet secretary announced that eight cabinet ministers had received five million yen from the industry , including 450,000 yen ( $ 3,175 ) by Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu . 
Eaton Corp. had a 26 % drop in third-quarter profit mainly because of lower sales of truck parts , its largest and most profitable single business . 
They believe microeconomics , which addresses the problems of markets , investment climate and management practices , is the key to developing-country growth , not the IMF 's Keynesian focus on trade deficits , quarterly targets and government debt . 
Did I buy it ? 
Analyst Robin Young of John Kinnard & Co. , Minneapolis , calls himself `` the last remaining bull on the stock . '' 
Street lights , the ad points out , `` helped sharpen the arm of many a budding baseball player . '' 
And Mr. Kleinaitis says that with 80 % of its stock in friendly hands , Manville is the rare publicly traded company that can ignore short-term stock fluctuations and plan for the long haul . 
In an Oct. 19 review of `` The Misanthrope '' at Chicago 's Goodman Theatre ( `` Revitalized Classics Take the Stage in Windy City , '' Leisure & Arts ) , the role of Celimene , played by Kim Cattrall , was mistakenly attributed to Christina Haag . 
The passenger railroad said it terminated some runs in Sacramento , relying on buses to ferry passengers to the Bay area . 
The United flight-attendants union agreed to negotiations that could lead to the flight attendants contributing concessions to a revived bid in exchange for an ownership stake . 
Norman L. Owens Tempe , Ariz . 
The buy-out group had no firm financing for the plan . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Apple Computer gained 1 to 48 1\/4 ; Ashton-Tate rose 3\/8 to 10 3\/8 . 
More than one-third of the responding businesses said they suffer from drug dealing and loitering near their premises . 
The walls of the church are covered with leaflets , news clippings , and handwritten notes associated with the country 's political opposition . 
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free . 
`` We make the finest product in the world , and the Americans are being kicked around . '' 
In Poland , only 4 % of all investment goes toward making things farmers want ; in the West , it is closer to 20 % . 
While `` the tone '' of domestic and international air-freight markets remains sound , seasonal factors are likely to hinder Burlington Air from matching third-quarter results in the fourth quarter , Pittston said . 
In Japan , by contrast , companies tend to develop their own talent and promote from within . 
`` In both games I got exactly what I wanted , '' he said . 
Existing suspension systems try to absorb bounces , but active suspension provides power to counter the jolts . 
Last week , traders said , there were three institutional sellers for every buyer . 
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month-old strike by workers at the facility . 
Running for president in early 1980 , he was also quoted as supporting federal funding for abortions in cases of rape , incest and to save the life of the mother . 
It did n't say by how much . 
He was a `` socialist warrior '' who felt rankled by West Germany 's enormous postwar prosperity and the Bonn government 's steadfast refusal to recognize the legitimacy of his state . 
In addition , the officials say Israel has n't presented convincing evidence these acts were ordered by Fatah or by any group Mr. Arafat controls . 
REPAIR SHOPS SCRAP for more access to work on auto-emissions systems . 
Phoenix declined to comment . 
Mr. Kelly built the company 's high-yield bond group , which has been a minor player in the junk-bond arena . 
Sony Corp. , Tandem Computers Inc. and Digital Equipment have agreed to sell MIPS computers and companies such as Japan 's NEC Corp. and West Germany 's Siemens A.G. have agreed to make Mips chips under license . 
Francis D. John , 35-year-old president , will assume the additional job of chief executive officer . 
Since Friday 's dive in stock market prices , the Fed has injected reserves into the banking system in an effort to calm the markets and avert a repeat of 1987 's stock market debacle . 
I find it very difficult to say that . 
`` There 's more noise out there , and the consumer may have to work harder to cut through it , '' says Vincent P. Barabba , executive director of market research and planning at General Motors Corp . 
But he said Dentsu has n't looked seriously at Saatchi . 
The Big Board `` is partly to blame { for the price swings } , because they 're cowards , '' said Mr. Wohlstetter . 
Both plans would drop child-care provisions from the House version of the deficit-reduction legislation and let it progress as a separate bill . 
But I had expected more , which is one reason I began looking at evidence suggesting defects in the official output estimates . 
Besides the marketing agreement , GRE said Nationwide Anglia has agreed to develop life insurance products with the composite insurer . 
In her cookbook , which Macmillan is bringing out in soft cover this month ( with the blini recipe revised so it works ) , she introduces each chapter with appropriate quotations from Russian literature : Pushkin on blini , Goncharov on piroghi . 
And the Fed has at most very limited ability to contribute to the achievement of other objectives by means other than by stabilizing the price level . 
He adds : `` We are now witnessing a slowdown which , if history is a guide , could persist for a while . '' 
Suits are likely to be filed against engineering firms , contractors and developers , as well as against local-government agencies . 
John Franco , 47 years old , formerly vice chairman of Capital Holding Corp. and president of its Accumulation Investment Group , was named chief executive officer of this insurance holding company , effective Dec. 1 , succeeding Robert T. Shaw , who remains chairman . 
But it 's just as plausible to argue that if even David Boren can get mired in this sort of mess , the problem goes beyond legal interpretation . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
`` I do n't know of any living ballplayer that 's ever done it , '' says Jack Smalling , a dealer in Ames , Iowa , and a recognized expert in the field of baseball autographs . 
At a June EC summit , Mrs. Thatcher appeared to ease her opposition to full EMS membership , saying Britain would join once its inflation rate fell and the EC liberalized capital movements . 
The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds climbed back above 8 % , ending the day at 8.03 % . 
Helmsley Enterprises Inc. plans to close its company-owned insurance business and is seeking other brokers to take over its policies , according to individuals familiar with the New York firm . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Current rules permit investors to put up less cash for futures than for stocks . 
The plan would extend the period under which Eagle has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , American Medical closed at $ 23.625 , up $ 1.875 . 
Stanislav Ovcharenko , who represents the Soviet airline Aeroflot here , has some visions that are wild even by the current standards of perestroika . 
Georgia-Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa helped drive the Dow Jones Industrial Average up 41.60 points , to 2645.08 , in active trading . 
A few weeks ago , Mr. Jones even entertained Elizabeth Taylor in his private suite at Texas Stadium . 
CHICAGO LAW FIRM recruits American Express Co. vice president : 
But , says Mr. Katz , the U.S. attorney , `` the interesting thing about Newport Beach operations is that they give themselves the indulgence of beautiful offices , with plush furnishings . 
AMR had also sought to foil Mr. Trump in Congress by lobbying for legislation that would have bolstered the authority of the Transportation Department to reject airline buy-outs . 
Typical , perhaps , was the situation at New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. , the General Motors Corp.-Toyota joint-venture auto plant in Fremont , about 35 miles south of Oakland . 
Some economists found the mixture ominous . 
By advertising disaster relief , these companies are hoping to don a white hat and come out a hero . 
World-wide sales of Warner-Lambert 's non-prescription health-care products , such as Halls cough tablets , Rolaids antacid , and Lubriderm skin lotion , increased 3 % to $ 362 million in the third quarter ; U.S. sales rose 5 % . 
`` I hate to dignify the publication by commenting on the obscene rating , '' Mayor Carolyn Robinson says , adding that cities have no way to rebut the book . 
He noted , however , that the company 's order entry has increased from the low levels of the early summer , following the end of labor negotiations . 
Mr. Peters says in his affidavit that the movie 's staff was told last week that Warner was `` taking over '' the picture , and another producer would be giving all of the orders . 
Normally , Sotheby 's would have earned 20 % of the total in commissions . 
Tokyu executives were n't available for comment early Thursday morning in Tokyo . 
In a generation or two some of the New Crowd may attain true respectability , perhaps to be displaced in turn by a later flock of unscrupulous raptors . 
The current distribution arrangement ends in March 1990 , although Delmed said it will continue to provide some supplies of the peritoneal dialysis products to National Medical , the spokeswoman said . 
That division 's revenue rose 2.3 % to $ 472.5 million from $ 461.9 million in the year-ago period . 
The stock market reacted as Mr. Rahn did , crumbling as it absorbed the news that Mr. Darman 's strategy had been abandoned . 
They added that market-makers were largely sidelined after aggressively supporting the market Thursday in their quest to cover internal shortages of FT-SE 100 shares . 
Mr. Leon of Bear Stearns speculated that McCaw , in an attempt to buy time , might consider filing an antitrust suit against BellSouth with the Justice Department and U.S. District Judge Harold Greene , who oversees enforcement of the consent decree that broke up the Bell system in 1984 . 
The uninsured subordinate lien bonds are n't rated , according to the lead underwriter . 
But it said that its consumer banks in Oregon , California , Nevada and Washington performed well during the quarter and that nonperforming assets at these banks declined by 14 % over the year-ago period . 
Overall , the government contends that GE 's disclosure efforts largely were intended to `` curry favor '' with Pentagon officials without detailing the extent of the management lapses and allegedly pervasive billing irregularities uncovered by company investigations . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. will announce today a software program that allows computers in a network to speed up computing tasks by sending the tasks to each other . 
`` The dollar has n't reacted much to it , so gold has n't either , '' he said . 
Mr. Werner , 58 , was formerly senior executive vice president of the parent company and the unit . 
Most of Compaq 's decline is being attributed to a third-quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations . 
For the nine months , it had a loss of $ 58.3 million , or $ 2.44 a share , after earnings of $ 29.5 million , or $ 1.20 a share , in the 1988 period . 
`` One agency should have the authority over all equity products . 
A reintegrated Europe implies big changes in 40-year-old military and economic policies . 
His attorneys claim he was framed by the FBI and New York police as part of a campaign to destroy the black liberation movement of the 1960s . 
His more is always less . 
After the government lawsuit was filed against Lincoln , Sen. DeConcini returned the campaign contributions . 
Did the stock-market tremors of Friday , Oct. 13 , presage larger fragility , far greater upheavals ? 
The guideline was n't a law , but a joint interpretation of how the U.S. might operate during foreign coups in light of the longstanding presidential order banning a U.S. role in assassinations . 
Sotheby 's has been aggressively promoting the Dorrance sale . 
Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and , more important , among his officers and instructors . 
State government is more typically split along Republican-governor\/Democratic-legislature lines than the reverse . 
Locally elected school boards , especially in our larger cities , become the prey of ambitious , generally corrupt , and invariably demagogic local politicians or would-be politicians . 
Dealers attributed most of the day 's gains to market-makers moving prices higher , rather than an outbreak of significant buying interest . 
People who have seen SCI TV 's restructuring plan say it offers concessions by KKR and Gillett Corp . 
These development grants mainly enrich developers who want to put up shopping centers and parking garages . 
Now the Alley has moved ahead on both artistic and financial fronts . 
In particular , beta does n't measure the company - and industry-specific risk associated with an individual stock . 
Medicine in the 19th century was dedicated mostly to combating sepsis and diagnostic analysis . 
Y.J. Park and her family scrimped for four years to buy a tiny apartment here , but found that the closer they got to saving the $ 40,000 they originally needed , the more the price rose . 
They currently have large orders for cargo planes . 
Meanwhile , average earnings in Britain were up 8.75 % in August over the previous year . 
The announcement of the buy-out 's troubles triggered the market 's nose dive a week ago . 
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
The illogic and inaccuracy of John H. Adams 's comments for the National Resources Defense Council fully justifies your characterization of California 's Greens in particular as `` la-la activists . '' 
The Accumulation and Investment Group is responsible for the investment operations of all Capital Holding 's insurance businesses and markets guaranteed investment contracts to bank trust departments and other institutions . 
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader . 
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program-trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue . 
Aussedat Rey 's move follows similar technology-licensing agreements between Japanese producers of thermal paper and European paper groups . 
The metals segment , hurt by a strike , had break-even results , against $ 3 million a year ago . 
Your Oct. 2 page-one article on people riding so-called `` railbikes '' on railroad tracks was a disservice to your readers . 
The current effort to auction off the company was triggered by a dispute between Mr. Drabinsky and the Toronto-based movie chain 's major shareholder , MCA Inc . 
Revenue was $ 111.9 million , up 50 % from $ 74.8 million . 
He urged them to refer their friends , who also lost money . 
The suit alleges that American Brands misrepresented the financial condition of Pinkerton 's before the sale , failed to disclose pending lawsuits and material contracts in which Pinkerton 's was in default , had n't registered the Pinkerton 's name and trademark in the United Kingdom and did n't tell California Plant Protection about some labor controversies . 
Wall Street is seething over the rules , which would curtail the tax deductibility of debt used in most LBOs . 
Then , in May 1988 , Mr. Tisch urgently needed to make a bold statement to quell rumors that he might sell the network . 
At James Capel & Co. in London , analyst Jackie Ashurst notes that Akzo is less exposed than many of its rivals to the most volatile chemical products . 
Salomon Brothers was among the largest sellers of stock-index futures last week , traders said . 
Di Giorgio gained 1 to 30 3\/4 after the company said it is starting negotiations with unidentified parties interested in acquiring its units . 
damn ! 
They were 103 or 206 . 
CHARLES SCHWAB & CO. , San Francisco , discount brokerage firm , annual sales of $ 392 million , had only minor damage to headquarters building and was up and running for yesterday 's market open . 
For instance , December contracts for WTI rose 17 cents to $ 20.42 . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index jumped 0.7 % , or 3.35 , to 463.28 . 
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear . 
Legal strategists say that damage claims against the oil giant and others could well exceed $ 1 billion . 
I had underestimated , however , both Mr. Gelbart 's wit and the persistence of scandal in Washington . 
The agency investigated the complaints but no violations were cited . 
IN SIZING UP the risks of stock-market investments , there 's probably no starting place better than `` beta . '' 
The IRA portion ( of the Packwood-Roth plan ) is irresponsible . '' 
Brian Petre , a former Wang salesman in upstate New York , says : `` You have pride in your job . 
The state is protected when plans and designs for public structures were approved ahead of time or when structures met previously approved standards , says Mr. Covert . 
The Philippine government awarded Finland 's Outokumpu Oy the contract to upgrade the facilities of Philippine Associated Smelting & Refining Corp. , according to documents from National Development Corp. , one of Philippine company 's owners . 
`` What they are telling you is that they do n't have the ability to generate higher returns internally , '' says Mr. Sloan . 
I refer essentially to petroleum , electric power , banking and newsprint . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
P&G already sells its Folgers ground roast coffee to food service concerns , but not to as many markets as Maryland Club . 
The intangible benefits may prove extremely costly if CBS ca n't avoid big losses on the sports coverage itself . 
Bonds due 1991-1996 carry 6.70 % coupons and bonds due 1997-2000 carry 6 3\/4 % coupons . 
The company plans to raise between C$ 75 million and C$ 100 million from the offering , according to a spokeswoman at Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd. , lead underwriter . 
Michael late yesterday announced a $ 3.8 million stock buy-back program . 
It will compare 21 different blends of gasolines with three mixtures of up to 85 % methanol . 
And those efforts are paying off : Spirits exports jumped more than 2 1\/2 times to $ 157.2 million in 1988 from $ 59.8 million in 1983 , according to the Distilled Spirits Council of the U.S. , a trade group . 
6:50 a.m . 
Late yesterday in New York , the dollar rose to 142.75 yen from 141.80 yen Monday , but fell to 1.8667 marks from 1.8685 marks . 
According to Mr. Threlkeld , the bottleneck in copper production is n't at the mines but at the copper refineries . 
ECI Environmental Inc. , initial offering of 1.1 million shares , of which ECI will sell 990,000 and co-founders will sell 110,000 shares , via Oppenheimer & Co . 
Old Stone fell 1 5\/8 to 13 1\/2 . 
In over-the-counter trading yesterday , Moscom closed at $ 4.375 , up 37.5 cents . 
The report says that `` the restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will principally involve the transfer and termination of employees in our U.S. operations . '' 
J. Sigurd Nielsen Richmond , Va . 
That way , they figure , someone else has an even stronger motivation to make sure the deal is going to work , because they would be losing their money before the banks lost theirs . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3416.81 , up 
While Saatchi 's major agency networks -- Backer Spielvogel and Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising -- would be difficult for any ad firm to buy because of potential client conflicts , its smaller businesses are quite attractive . 
Mr. Utsumi also said some Japanese banks were willing to participate in the UAL financing up to the very end , which would suggest at the very least that they were n't under orders to back out . 
In a report on China 's foundering economy , the official State Statistical Bureau disclosed that industrial output last month rose 0.9 % from a year earlier - the lowest growth rate in a decade for September . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
A majority of old contracts were renegotiated by the deadline and settled at steep discounts . 
As for the humor that Gorky 's text provides , when repainted in such broad strokes ( particularly by the lesser members of the ensemble ) it looks and sounds forced . 
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit-card receivables . 
AFTERSHOCKS RATTLED Northern California amid an earthquake cleanup . 
