Alltel , which provides local telephone service in 25 states , said it exercised its right of first refusal following an offer from an undisclosed third party to acquire the majority position in the franchise . 
Indeed , some individuals identified with the group said they have n't committed any money to the bid and were n't aware of it until they heard about it in local news accounts over the weekend . 
PAPERS : 
In his peaked military cap and neatly pressed , French-made uniform , Noriega felt more respected and powerful than ever in his underprivileged life , friends from the period say . 
Corporate taxes paid for almost 12 % of federal spending in 1988 -- excluding Social Security -- compared with less than 8 % in the first half of the 1980s , the study found . 
Lamson & Sessions , which posted sharply lower third-quarter earnings and forecast that results for the fourth quarter might be `` near break-even , '' fell 1\/2 to 9 1\/4 . 
When Maj. Moises Giroldi , the leader of the abortive coup in Panama , was buried , his body bore several gunshot wounds , a cracked skull and broken legs and ribs . 
The Galileo project started in 1977 , and a number of project veterans were on hand to watch the launch . 
Santa Fe Pacific ( NYSE ; Symbol : SFX ) 
The drop accelerated in this year 's third quarter , underscoring an overall lack of stress in the U.S. economy , the company said . 
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one . 
But prices later reversed course , finishing slightly lower , as investors concluded that any cuts would n't be large and that foreign oil producers would quickly pick up the slack . 
K mart previously had announced it would report its third consecutive decline in quarterly earnings for the period ended yesterday , the same day the real estate deal was completed . 
The concern grows out of increased efforts by the insurers to woo the small-business market . 
Mr. Peters acknowledges that and says it 's not unlike the situation he and Mr. Guber are in with Warner . 
That facility should reopen today . 
For TCI , the investment in Showtime puts it in an unusual position ; as the largest cable operator , with control of close to 12 million of the nation 's 52 million cable subscribers , TCI is HBO 's largest customer . 
That offer was endorsed by the shareholders committee . 
But a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee will quiz SEC Chairman Breeden Wednesday , and Treasury Secretary Brady will go before the Senate Banking panel Thursday . 
Or to supply enough money to meet the increased demand and stabilize the exchange rate , as the Chancellor argued , and ensure the permanence of this policy by joining the EMS . 
The airport 's biggest supplier of aircraft fuel is the Soviet Union . 
The Independent Insurance Agents of America says fewer than one of every five California homeowners has earthquake insurance . 
That 's the troubling conclusion reached by many international investors and money managers angry at the malfunctions on Continental stock exchanges during last week 's global market turbulence . 
`` The equity decision will come when the client is ready and when there 's a semblance of confidence . '' 
Those rights prevent anyone other than Revco from proposing a reorganization plan . 
The RICO law has come under criticism from some defendants and defense lawyers . 
Great Northern Nekoosa said , `` The odds of the dire predictions about us being right are small . '' 
So Mr. Carter formed three new Army divisions and gave them to a new bureaucracy in Tampa called the Rapid Deployment Force . 
President Bush has endorsed the idea , and at least 50 sitting Senators have voted to support enhanced rescission authority in the past . 
Of 1,500 people sent a questionnaire , 951 replied . 
The British government also strongly opposes the charter in its current form . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
The department will make payment for bills maturing on Nov. 2 to all investors who have requested reinvestment of their bills on that date , as well as to all account holders who have previously requested payment . 
In Honduras , where the Contras are a hot political issue , he promised to help unblock some $ 70 million in assistance withheld due to the failure of local agencies to comply with conditions agreed upon with Washington . 
The filing said the group continues to hold 3,481,887 remaining shares . 
The company said the water will be called Coors Rocky Mountain Sparkling Water and will come from the same mountain spring as water used in Coors beer . 
The new suitor , Stevric Equity Ventures Inc. , of Mineola , N.Y. , characterized its proposal as the `` first truly independent offer which does not pit one interest group against another within the Arby 's franchisee community . '' 
Among other reasons , high fees regulators imposed on certain transfers of thrift deposits to commercial banks `` substantially altered the economics of the transaction for both parties , '' Poughkeepsie said . 
The figures are at seasonally adjusted annual rates in trillions of dollars . 
People close to the GM-Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors . 
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen-Probe . 
But does it have to be so soon ? 
He noted that two weeks ago there were rumors of Soviet sales of precious metals to finance grain purchases , but the sales do n't seem to have materialized . 
The second time he identified two robbers , who were arrested and charged . 
Nuovo Banco 's second largest shareholder , the Fiat S.p.A.-controlled investment concern , Gemina S.p.A. , fought to have Generali 's offer approved . 
It held that Testa is taxable on $ 44,400 of unreported income . 
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is . 
Insurers recovered ground again on market-maker demand and speculative buying linked to talk of mergers in the industry before the European Community 's planned market unification in 
`` It helps us , and people feel better talking to someone who 's gone through the same thing , '' an SBA official says . 
Separately , Warner reported a net loss of $ 106 million , or 56 cents a share , including merger expenses of $ 100 million and $ 120 million in charges associated with stock-appreciation-based compensation plans . 
By 52%-36 % , Tennessee NFIB members favor laws to limit foreign ownership of land and facilities in the state . 
No replacement was immediately named . 
She snaps photos of the buckled floors and the plaster that has fallen away from the walls . 
But Ford clearly views Jaguar as a prize worth fighting for , since the company 's gilded brand image would give Ford a badly needed leg up in the high end of the luxury markets in both Europe and the U.S. . 
For the political process to work , all citizens , regardless of race , must feel represented . 
But less than two years later , the LDP started to crumble , and dissent rose to unprecedented heights . 
Both issues are among the most popular with individual investors . 
`` It 's important to gain leadership , '' a Toshiba spokesman says . 
The provincially owned utility said it is tearing up the deal because `` the contract 's objectives ca n't be fulfilled . '' 
Union Chairman F.C . ( Rick ) Dubinsky faces the tough task of explaining why banks refused to finance a buy-out the members approved overwhelmingly last week . 
The other bidder is United Illuminating Co. , New Haven , Conn. , with a bid valued at $ 2.2 billion and and a proposal for seven years of 5.5 % rate increases . 
In this niche , makeup colors change seasonally because they are linked to ready-to-wear fashions . 
`` He simply has n't explained why something worth a million dollars ended up worth $ 58,000 two years later , '' says Mr. Powers , the Giuliani campaign manager . 
The Treasury said Taiwan has liberalized its exchange rate system in the past year . 
While renewing military aid had been considered out of the question , rejected by Congress and de-emphasized by the Bush administration , Mr. Ortega 's statement provides Contra supporters with the opportunity to press the administration on the issue . 
The hastily drafted measure could hurt California by requiring it to put up more matching funds for emergency highway assistance than otherwise would be required . 
Pretax profit is seen at 45.00 billion yen , down from 47.17 billion yen , while net income is estimated at 23.500 billion yen , up from 23.031 billion yen . 
`` It was the confirming evidence we all needed that { gene } losses were critical to the development of a common tumor , '' says Ray White at Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Salt Lake City . 
The $ 475,000 sale price earlier this month was the lowest in nearly three years . 
When a large group of pilots once signed petitions opposing work-rule and compensation changes , he called a meeting in a company hangar and dressed them down for challenging his authority . 
`` Back in 1964 , the FBI had five black agents . 
Having rejected central economic planning for economic reasons , and the market for fear of the social ( political ) consequences , Mr. Gorbachev seeks a `` third way '' that would combine the discipline and controls of the former with the economic benefits of the latter . 
The South was off 2 % after the first nine months , while the North Central region was up 3 % . 
For the first nine months of the year , Norwood said the average fund has lost 3.3 % . 
A large majority of the 961 former Tiger fliers support the union , according to a union study . 
In fact , Mr. Bush 's dance was more wiggle than waffle . 
The ensuing scandal , in which the bank 's management resigned , has helped renew calls for privatization , or at least an overhaul , of Italy 's banking system , which is about 80 % state-controlled . 
For the nine months , profit skidded about 35 % , reflecting charges taken in this year 's second quarter and the effect of translations of weaker foreign currencies into the stronger U.S. dollar . 
Some issues were affected by Tuesday 's devastating earthquake in the San Francisco area . 
EC Agriculture Commissioner Ray MacSharry said the U.S. plan `` calls into question '' the agreement reached by world negotiators last April in Geneva seeking `` substantial progressive reductions in agricultural support and protection . '' 
Trinity River Authority , Texas -- $ 134,750,000 of regional wastewater system improvement revenue bonds , Series 1989 , via competitive bid . 
At a stroke , this may criminalize all fiduciary breaches ( and possibly all misrepresentations by an agent or employee ) . 
But in any event -- and this is the important point -- tax `` payments '' on capital gains will be lower with indexation than under current law , even though the tax `` rate '' is the same under both systems . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.60 % one month ; 8.60 % three months ; 8.45 % six months . 
But our education proceeded at the hands of those others , who were merely competent and conscientious . 
Otherwise , they 'd be watching programs that are no different in quality from what they currently view on color TVs . 
Broward County School District , Florida -- $ 185 million of school district general bonds , via a First Boston Corp. group . 
Thus , Mr. Sinyard 's company must innovate more than ever to stay ahead of them , by developing new products specifically for mountain biking . 
`` There are just tons of things that have to be considered , '' Mr. Fogg says . 
Dealers said players shied away from the note sale because they were concerned that prices at the time of the auction might erode if the stock market staged a recovery , which , in fact , did happen . 
But he stops there . 
I really do not understand how it is that Filipinos feel so passionately involved in this father figure that they want to dispose of and yet they need . 
Under the accord , Finnair agreed to coordinate flights , marketing and other functions with SAS , the 50%-state-owned airline of Denmark , Norway and Sweden . 
Sales rose 2 % to $ 437.5 million from $ 430.3 million . 
Private-sector leaders praised the Conasupo restructuring . 
Carriers boosted rates more than 10 % in the North Atlantic between the U.S. and Europe last September , hoping to partly restore rates to earlier levels . 
Either way it was a pity , because Mr. Stolzman offered the most substantial music of the evening just after intermission : Steve Reich 's `` New York Counterpoint , '' one of a series of Reich works that juxtapose a live performer with recorded tracks of his or her own playing . 
Yields on most fixed-income securities are lower than several months ago . 
Now Republican leaders are concentrating on attaching a capital-gains amendment to some other bill , perhaps a measure raising the federal borrowing limit or a second tax bill that would follow on the heels of the deficit-reduction legislation . 
The average one-year savings-type CD was down to 7.99 % from 8.01 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , a New York information service that tracks CD yields . 
If there 's going to be a race to the courthouse , it has n't started yet . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 8.36 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note widened slightly to 1.46 percentage points . 
Moody 's said it also lowered the ratings of $ 70 million of Pinnacle 's MeraBank thrift unit long-term deposits to B-3 from B-2 , and on its subordinated debt to Ca from Caa . 
In addition , the company called its 12 7\/8 % senior subordinated notes due 1994 , with an aggregate principal amount of $ 200 million , for redemption on Dec. 15 . 
It has been three years since Mr. Boesky , now in prison , agreed to pay a $ 100 million fine to settle the government 's charges that he had traded illegally using insider information . 
With this treatment we have reduced deaths in high-risk colon cancer by one-third -- but this leaves the two-thirds who are dying of cancer . 
The company has filed an internal reorganization plan it valued at $ 2.2 billion that would require 5.5 % rate increases . 
Sotheby 's has been aggressively promoting the Dorrance sale . 
MCI Communications added 1 1\/2 to 43 3\/8 . 
`` I think the next few quarters will be difficult , '' said Steven Milunovich of First Boston . 
`` If only a banker or a lawyer had spoken out years ago , the judicial process would n't be under the taint it is today . '' 
Revenue of $ 1.73 billion was almost unchanged from last year 's $ 1.72 billion . 
Bell Atlantic Corp. and Southern New England Telecommunications posted strong profit gains for the third quarter , while Nynex Corp. , Pacific Telesis Group and U S West Inc. reported earnings declines for the period . 
Died : S. Clark Beise , 91 , ex-president and chief executive officer of Bank of America NT&SA , Saturday , in Hillsboro , Calif . 
Morever , Mr. Addison has said Southern Co. and its units do n't condone illegal political contributions . 
Demonstrations are particularly apt to degenerate into criminal conduct when they leave the site of the grievance and become mobile . 
Qintex Entertainment , a producer and distributor of television programs most noted for its co-production of the hit miniseries `` Lonesome Dove , '' said it filed for Chapter 11 protection after Qintex Australia failed to provide it with $ 5.9 million owed to MCA Inc. in connection with the distribution of `` The New Leave It to Beaver Show . '' 
John C. Dannemiller , executive vice president and chief operating officer , will become president and chief operating officer . 
Now she says she 's thinking of contacting her own insurance agent . 
By 1979 , designers and engineers at Dictaphone , a Pitney Bowes subsidiary , had produced a working model of a `` picocassette '' recorder . 
Two weeks after boosting base rates to 15 % , he pledged that `` rates will have to remain high for some time to come . '' 
Mr. Dinkins also has said he would receive economic advice from a board that would include American Express Co. chairman James D. Robinson III , investment banker Felix Rohatyn , leveraged-buy-out specialist Reginald Lewis and attorney Joseph Flom . 
In the year-ago period , Goodyear had net of $ 63.5 million , or $ 1.11 a share . 
Eighteen people pack the house 's two rooms -- the Chans , four of their 10 children with spouses , and eight of 22 grandchildren . 
Mitsubishi built the government 's dream development , the story goes , in exchange for the official decision to locate Tokyo 's central railway station there . 
Last fall , Ford announced it would discontinue the XR4Ti in the U.S. at the end of the 1989 model year . 
In this they are aided by years of American , European , Pakistani and Saudi support for the most extreme factions -- radical Islamic fanatics with leaders whose policies are anathema to the Afghan public . 
To the extent that the $ 150 million budget will allow it , Mr. McDonough will rely on solid wood , rather than plywood or particle board , to limit the emission of formaldehyde . 
She was devoted to Charles de Gaulle 's cause , accepting great financial sacrifice and considerable risk to become first a spy and then a one-woman USO tour for the forces of Free France . 
Kellwood Co. said it completed a previously announced acquisition of Crowntuft Manufacturing Corp. , a New York-based maker of chenille robes and lounge wear . 
The rebound in UAL stock during regular trading hours Monday was its first daily gain after six consecutive losses left the price 41 % below its level before Oct. 13 , the day the group announced the bank financing could n't be obtained for the original deal . 
`` We 're strongly recommending that anyone who has eaten in the cafeteria this month have the shot , '' Mr. Mattausch added , `` and that means virtually everyone who works here . 
It is refreshing to see at least one world figure who knows what she believes in and is not inclined to reflexively compromise those beliefs . 
Mr. Whittle Friday said several more advertisers have been added . 
In its suit against Time , Viacom says the ownership of both cable systems and cable-programming networks gives the company too much market power . 
Its 1988 revenue was $ 25 million . 
Two of the 757-200s are new aircraft to be delivered to American Trans Air , the main subsidiary of Amtran Inc. , in December 1991 and January 1992 . 
Experts say such long hours for attendants pose a safety risk . 
Which brings up the worst and meanest ghost of all -- the ghost of the shah of Iran . 
Stocks : Volume 224,070,000 shares . 
But so far , the effort has failed , and traffic is still slow . 
As the stock market bounced back , withdrawals of money from stock funds amounted to a mere trickle compared with Black Monday , when investors dumped $ 2.3 billion , or about 2 % of stock-fund assets . 
Most investment-grade bonds fell 3\/8 to 1\/2 point . 
The index has a base of 100 set in 1980 and is n't seasonally adjusted . 
Officials familiar with the bank talks said the UAL buy-out group -- UAL pilots , management , and British Airways PLC -- is now willing to pay higher bank fees and interest , but is n't likely to boost its $ 965 million equity contribution . 
Within a matter of weeks , less-conservative magazines reported that members of the ruling LDP had received much larger donations from pachinko organizations . 
Mr. Rey bought a controlling stake in Inspectorate for 18 million Swiss francs in 1982 , building up the little-known engineering company with European and U.S. acquisitions . 
As the trial progressed , they were eager to know if the jury was keeping up with them . 
Over the past three years , thousands of people here have made use of looser travel restrictions to get their first taste of life abroad . 
In short : Rey found companies with weak earnings but rich assets . '' 
Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze , at a news conference in Moscow , said , `` As the two sides plan to hold a full-scale summit in late spring-early summer next year , they found it useful , I would say even necessary , to hold an interim informal meeting . '' 
The increasing likelihood that Cananea and Highland Valley will soon return to production may have cut some of that purchasing , but even if any of these mines begin operating soon , their output wo n't be significant until at least the end of the year , analysts note . 
Among the insurance stocks , big gainers included American International Group , up $ 3.25 to $ 102.625 ; General Re Corp. , up $ 2.75 to $ 86.50 ; Aetna , up $ 2.375 to $ 59.50 ; and Marsh & McLennan Inc. , up $ 3.125 to $ 75.875 . 
`` We do n't want to bring back something the members will reject . '' 
But many analysts believe that , given the attractiveness of paper companies ' cash flows , as well as the frantic consolidation of the paper industry in Europe , there will be at least a few more big hostile bids for U.S. companies within the next several months . 
Prepayments , much like mutual-fund purchases , are pooled for investment . 
Elisa Byler , a St. Louis masseuse , won over officials at Emerson Electric Co. , a maker of electrical and electronic equipment , by providing documents and other articles trumpeting the therapeutic benefits of massage . 
Is the market up or down ? '' 
That 's essentially what budget director Richard Darman is suggesting , and we think he deserves as much support as he can get . 
Although a substantial short position reflects heavy speculation that a stock 's price will decline , some investors consider an increase in short interest bullish because the borrowed shares eventually must be bought back . 
The chairman promised Mr. Stone a decision within two weeks . 
`` Everybody appreciates that it is a national disaster and that we 've got to address it , '' said Mr. Darman , who came to the Capitol to meet with Mr. Whitten and California lawmakers before the committee session . 
The August drop was the fourth decline in five months . 
But he did n't know which gene or genes had disappeared . 
Samuel Hall , Howard University 's placement director , also does n't see it . 
The results reflect a reversal in the fortunes of the regions during the past two years . 
`` The change taking place in the Soviet Union , Poland and Hungary has aroused new hope in both German states that reforms will be undertaken in { East Germany } , and that relations between the two German states , too , will get better , '' said Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher . 
Last year when Northwest first offered the promotion , only six centenarians flew free . 
Mitsubishi Rayon , a leading advancer Wednesday , fell 44 to 861 as investors grabbed profits . 
Ford predicted fourth-quarter net income will fall below the year-earlier level , partly because of a likely $ 500 million charge from the sale of its steel operations . 
Dun & Bradstreet noted that price competition in its Nielsen Marketing Research , Nielsen Clearing House and Donnelley Marketing businesses also restrained revenue growth . 
Integrated will pump $ 3.5 million to $ 4 million into Royal Alliance as initial funding . 
9:53 a.m . 
Even if I had a lot of money , I could n't buy what I need . '' 
The benchmark No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at a price of 95.39 , off 0.28 . 
In New York society , Pat Buckley , the very social wife of author William Buckley , has the nicknames `` Mrs. Buckles '' and `` Patsy . '' 
Revenue for fiscal 1989 is expected to exceed $ 124 million . 
Jaguar was boosted 21 to 715 on follow-through buying after Ford Motor 's announcement Tuesday that it might be prepared to mount a full bid for the U.K. luxury auto maker . 
Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . 
Nutmeg Industries lost 1 3\/4 to 14 . 
The IRS hopes to fill the new positions soon . 
Plastics are the cornerstone of Phillips ' chemicals operations , which is the biggest single contributor to the company 's profits . 
Earnings have rebounded in 1989 after a 20 % decline last year . 
Last Friday , after Congress passed it anyway , he hinted he was looking for compromise . 
Columbia officials also said the thrift should n't face problems meeting regulatory capital requirements , despite the large reserves and write-downs and stiffer regulatory requirements that should be in place by year 's end . 
These accounts hold several hundred million dollars , primarily from asset sales . 
Doug Alligood , a black advertising executive who tracks black viewing patterns , gives the Carews an `` A '' for marketing moxie , but is n't alone in his lukewarm reaction . 
Her Susie Diamond handles a song the way the greats do , like she 's hearing the way it should sound inside her head and she 's concentrating on matching that internal tone . 
Mark Page , New York 's deputy director of finance , said that investors ' concerns about the city 's financial health are `` unwarranted given our proven ability to manage ourselves . '' 
Stocks : Volume 237,960,000 shares . 
However , HomeFed 's loan originations and purchases plunged 26 % in the quarter , to $ 1.4 billion from $ 1.9 billion a year earlier . 
Stevric 's principals , Richard and Steven Buckley , said they led the acquisition group that acquired the Nathan 's Famous Inc. restaurant chain and subsequently served as the top officers of the company . 
Among the brands for sale are Beefeater gin , the No. 2 imported gin in the U.S. , and Laphroaig single-malt whiskey . 
Yesterday , for example , the Commerce Department reported that new orders for durable goods fell 0.1 % , while the nation 's auto makers reported lackluster mid-October sales . 
Also , UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf pulled out of the buy-out effort to focus on running the company . 
Two well-known colleagues who believe Mr. Straszheim was right the first time are David Bostian Jr. and A. Gary Shilling , both of whom run their own New York research firms . 
In the corporate realm , the 1986 law abolished the investment-tax credit , scaled back use of an accounting method that allowed large contractors to defer taxes until a project was completed and strengthened the so-called alternative minimum tax , a levy to ensure all money-making businesses pay some federal tax . 
`` Nothing traded on Friday , and people were n't really sure where the market should have opened '' yesterday , said Raymond Minella , co-head of merchant banking at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
This is no longer true because of Campeau 's massive debt load . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Evidence now is emerging that the p53 suppressor gene is involved in other cancers , too . 
The government 's credibility in the GAF case depended heavily on its star witness , Boyd L. Jefferies , the former Los Angeles brokerage chief who was implicated by former arbitrager Ivan Boesky , and then pointed the finger at Mr. Sherwin , takeover speculator Salim B. Lewis and corporate raider Paul Bilzerian . 
Neither side showed any sign of retreating . 
He was convicted of charging interest rates much higher than what the law permitted , and attempting to evade income taxes by using a double accounting system . 
The product will be distributed by Pitman-Moore Inc. , a subsidiary of International Minerals . 
At that rate , a majority of OPEC 's 13 members have reached their output limits , they said . 
It should be noted that Mr. Schwartz , who operates out of Englewood , Colo. , is a puckish sort who likes to give his colleagues the needle . 
Of Bechtel 's 17,500 employees , about 4,000 work in San Francisco -- one-third of them commuting from stricken East Bay . 
( Mr. Paul says it was n't that high . ) 
The young leave , especially girls who wo n't milk cows by hand . 
`` Traders five feet from each other were making bids and offers that were a full point apart , '' said one S&P 500 broker . 
Sales rose to $ 8.19 billion from $ 7.65 billion . 
`` You can tell they 've got nothin ' . '' 
The fear Congress has of any line-item-veto test led Members to add the single most contorted and ridiculous provision this year , `` This section shall be effective only on Oct. 1 , 1989 . '' 
Despite federal approval , General Dynamics says it decided it wo n't go ahead with the matching program . 
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official . 
Other mutual fund companies reported even lighter withdrawal requests . 
The Philanthropic Advisory Service of the BBB reviews hundreds of new charities every year , measuring them against minimum standards for accountability ; for accuracy and honesty in solicitation ; and for percentage of funds actually going to work for which the charity was supposedly established . 
This global warming must have been entirely natural -- nobody would blame it on a few hundred thousand hunter-gatherers hunting mammoths and scratching around in caves . 
But excluding businesses acquired or sold , revenue was flat at about $ 1.24 billion . 
Now the Senate 's stripped-down bill omits any proposal to deal with the corporate tax . 
Stuart E. Eizenstat , a partner in the Washington law firm of Powell , Goldstein , Frazer & Murphy , was named a director of this utility holding company , increasing board membership to 14 . 
The animal had to be destroyed ; the bikers fled and were never found . 
Japan 's steelmakers are raising capital spending 22 % this year to $ 4.8 billion . 
But healthy skepticism is only a small reason for Japan 's PC lag . 
A final opinion must be approved prior to the acceptance of tendered shares for payment under the offer , which was due to expire at 12:01 a.m. EDT today . 
Color Systems , which converts black-and-white film to color videotape , posted a loss of $ 7.1 million , or $ 1.32 a share , on revenue of $ 10.6 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 . 
The unexpectedly wide U.S. August trade deficit of $ 10.77 billion hit an already jittery U.K. market in midafternoon . 
Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge alone is thought to hide more than three billion barrels of oil . 
Since founding the company , the charismatic Vietnam vet , who is still only 46 years old , has fostered an ethos of combat . 
Then we began to file out , to wait safely on terra firma for the opening pitch . 
The two men are planning joint visits to a number of clients to attempt to smoothly hand over the reins . 
Upping the ante could slow economic development even further , as countries delay market-opening steps in anticipation of richer multilateral support . 
Other stocks hurt by earnings-related selling included Tandy , which dropped 1 3\/8 to 44 , and Eaton , which retreated 2 1\/2 to 57 1\/2 . 
This is no longer true today . '' 
The trust is considering a sale of its Manville holdings , but Manville has the right of first refusal on any sales of its stock held by the trust . 
The December contract reached its life-of-contract low of $ 975 a ton on Oct. 11 ; its lifetime high was $ 1,735 , set in 1988 , and its recent high was $ 1,368 , set in early August . 
The campaign so divided union leaders that the government found them far easier to control . 
But the investors are left stranded with money to reinvest at a time when interest rates are puny . 
About $ 60 million streamed out last week alone , double the level of the week following last month 's Campeau Corp. credit squeeze . 
U.S. Healthcare Inc. was added to the health care providers group . 
Mobil officials said they have been studying ways of streamlining these operations since early this year . 
`` You could say she survived , but it was n't easy on her . '' 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Cincinnati Bell fell 25 cents to $ 29 . 
Mr. Platt is advising clients that `` the near-term direction of bond prices is likely to remain upward . '' 
But as the French embody a Zen-like state of blase when it comes to athletics ( try finding a Nautilus machine in Paris ) , my fellow conventioners were having none of it . 
What do you say we all close down the poker game , go home and bank the $ 16 billion ? 
-- Joshua Adams . 
Here , too , Mr. Roberts is way off the mark . 
Billings were n't disclosed . 
A family foundation set up by late founder Henry Dunker controls 59 % of Trelleborg 's voting shares outstanding . 
Intelogic holds 27.5 % of Datapoint 's common shares outstanding . 
Its buglike Carol minicar is `` designed with softness , gentleness and warmheartedness . '' 
Soybean futures for November delivery gained 5.25 cents a bushel to close at $ 5.66 a bushel on the Chicago Board of Trade . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Lynn Staley , the Globe 's assistant managing editor for design , acknowledges that the visages were `` on the low end of the likeness spectrum . '' 
When President Bush travels to Costa Rica today , he 'll go with little of the fanfare that accompanies many of his foreign travels . 
Fear of alienating that judge is pervasive , says Maurice Geiger , founder and director of the Rural Justice Center in Montpelier , Vt. , a public interest group that researches rural justice issues . 
That skepticism would leave him with an even greater credibility problem should he return that would handicap him in any effort to oust the board in a proxy fight . 
Boston Co. 's fall from grace is bad news for its parent , Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. , which has relied heavily on the banking and money management unit 's contributions in recent years . 
The chemical segment had a $ 6 million gain on the sale of ammonia and urea businesses , which was offset by a $ 6 million charge for future environmental expenditures . 
CONSUMER advocates have long claimed that car rental companies charge too much for car rental insurance . 
But Pfizer Inc. , based in New York , reported flat earnings . 
The plan , which has been plagued with delays and business-related setbacks , seeks to transform the area from a seedy thoroughfare to a more wholesome office and theater district . 
On the other hand , Mr. Evans expects the hurricane and the earthquake `` to take a hunk out of fourth-quarter GNP . '' 
That 's the word expected to be on the lips of the more than 3,000 developers , pension-fund advisers and real estate financiers slated to attend a four-day conference , beginning here today , sponsored by the Urban Land Institute . 
George Bush is quite clear : No new ducks . 
Company officials said the new company , Sin Kean Boon-Sanwa ( J.V . ) is capitalized at the equivalent of 54 million yen ( $ 381,000 ) . 
Sitting beside a banker at a luncheon in London , where he was working as a financial consultant , he learned that a large packet of Bally 's shares was up for sale . 
`` I do n't want to be in a position to have to sell , '' Mr. Frabotta says . 
Why ca n't we teach our children to read , write and reckon ? 
Mr. Krenz almost certainly will be a younger version of Erich Honecker , his rigid predecessor as dictator . 
When a House-Senate conference on yesterday 's bill rescinded $ 11.8 million in unexpended funds for a Fort Worth , Texas , economic development project backed by former Speaker James Wright , Sen. Phil Gramm ( R. , Texas ) insisted last week that the money be preserved . 
The House and Senate are to begin soon hashing out an agreement for sanctions legislation . 
A seat on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was sold for $ 410,000 , down $ 6,000 from the previous sale Oct . 
Our own test of `` glasnost 's '' authenticity would be a Soviet decision to open itself to a complete international examination of one of the most troubling mysteries in U.S.-Soviet relations -- the reported 1979 anthrax outbreak at a Soviet military facility in Sverdlovsk . 
It would be run by the joint chiefs under simple directions : Produce the best possible force for each budget scenario and provide the Secretary of Defense with a comprehensive net assessment of how that force could be used to achieve U.S. goals . 
In a statement , Mr. Merksamer described the filing as a `` legal technicality , '' but also said that `` our inability to obtain trade credit , combined with a need to ensure that our stores were properly stocked for the Christmas season , necessitated our filing Chapter 11 . '' 
Plaintiffs , he says , will argue that damaged structures were n't built to proper design standards . 
He remains an executive vice president , the company said , and his new position reflects `` the growing importance of the world automotive market as a market for A. Schulman 's high performance plastic materials . '' 
Mr. Lee also reported to the president that , in a separate meeting , Communist Party chief Jiang Zemin said the Chinese leadership `` looked kindly on the students who took part in the demonstrations . '' 
In search of buyers for upscale department-store chains such as Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue , investment bankers are turning to -- who else ? The Japanese . 
Mr. Baker interviewed or wrote to hundreds of catfish farmers , live-haulers and processors throughout the South before coming up with detailed estimates of purchases and sales , in pounds and dollars , by Mr. Tharp and others . 
`` Insurance companies will foot a substantial amount of the bill to reconstruct San Francisco , '' said Charles Lieberman , chief economist at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp . 
`` Their opinion is devoid of the wisdom of the forefathers ' teaching regarding impeachment , '' Mr. Hastings said . 
`` When we were told it was Exxon , it was beyond all expectations ; what a coup , '' said Tom Lewis , senior vice president of Dallas Partnership , the economic development affiliate of the city 's Chamber of Commerce . 
`` We 're committed to deliver the customer 's package by a stated time , usually 10:30 , '' notes Glenn Mortimer , a Federal Express courier who led the Natick team . 
The wage stickiness , which OECD studies confirm is particularly high in Britain , gives its economy a structural bias toward inflation . 
Mr. Wertheimer , 38 years old , had been a first vice president in the industrial group in investment banking . 
She declined to elaborate and would n't disclose the fund 's recent purchases , sales or cash position . 
`` They 're deliberately trying to steal our thunder , '' a Digital executive complains . 
Fair officials say that 21,000 guests visited during the first five days , a 10 % drop from the spring exhibition . 
Last week , many Jaguar shareholders took their money and ran . 
( Airlines are n't lowering fares to Northern California following this week 's earthquake , but reservation agents can waive advance-purchase restrictions on discount fares for emergency trips . ) 
It 's already that in the Bush administration , at least for any job in which abortion is even remotely an issue . 
In the Vermont case , a federal judge ruled that the state 's mandatory age of 70 for appointed judges was illegal ; Vermont 's appeal of that decision is pending before the U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan . 
Mr. Corry might have to dismember the company more than he wants to . 
Rep. Edward Markey ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee , is pushing the idea of a circuit breaker for computer-driven program trading in hopes that would curb `` turmoil '' in the marketplace . 
Freddie Mac 's 9 % issue ended at 97 19\/32 , up 2\/32 . 
HDTVs break down images into more than 1,100 lines , compared with 525 for today 's televisions , providing considerably sharper detail . 
Bernard Leser , president of Conde Nast , added : `` Our research shows we sell more of our heavier issues ... because readers believe they are getting more for what they pay for . 
First Boston financings for several other highly leveraged clients , including Ohio Mattress , unraveled as the high-risk junk bond market plummeted . 
According to federal officials and drug-industry studies , nearly half of the 1.6 billion prescriptions filled each year are n't used properly , meaning that money is wasted on some prescriptions and patients are deprived of the benefits of medication . 
Because the Soviet ruble is n't convertible into dollars , marks and other Western currencies , companies that hope to set up production facilities here must either export some of the goods to earn hard currency or find Soviet goods they can take in a counter-trade transaction . 
IBM , which said a year ago it was inviting companies to participate in some semiconductor work , has become far more open about its technology as it has tried to rally U.S. industry to head off the Japanese , who now dominate the market for dynamic random access memory chips . 
Foiled in their effort to get a national ban , the egg producers turned their attention to the states . 
They 'd actually left the Soviet Union with $ 480 , but during a stop in Italy Ms. Volokh dropped $ 80 on a black velvet suit . 
The most striking example yesterday may have been in community development funds , where the two houses had separately approved a total of 27 projects valued at $ 20 million , and the conference added 15 more valued at $ 8 million to ostensibly preserve `` balance '' between the House and Senate . 
Union Camp Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 250 million of debt securities . 
The potential bill : more than $ 600 million for several seasons , an 80 % jump . 
`` This is serious business ; we 're serious about a capital-gains reduction , '' said Kansas Sen. Robert Dole , the Senate 's Republican leader . 
Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits . 
He grows rye and potatoes for a few hens , five cows and 25 piglets . 
Mellon Bank Corp. said directors authorized the buy-back of as many as 250,000 common shares . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Automatic Data closed at $ 46.50 a share , down $ 2.25 . 
A dangerous buildup this year of billions of dollars in inter-company debts threatens , if unchecked , to bring the economy to a collapse . 
Naturally , one of the best ways to guarantee visibility for your due-process system is for top management to support it . 
This kind of jumpy uncertainty reminds John Calverley , senior economist for American Express Bank , of the 1969-72 period , when the industrial average rolled through huge ranges and investors flocked to the shares of companies with proven earnings records , which became known as the `` nifty 50 . '' 
Breaking into the raucous Chicago Bears-Cleveland Browns match during last week 's Monday night football game , it was nothing but simple block letters superimposed on the TV screen . 
The carrier has n't yet turned a profit . 
A year ago , Japan 's Fair Trade Commission warned NEC about possible violations of anti-monopoly laws for discouraging retailers from discounting . 
At that point , the junk market went into a tailspin as buyers disappeared and investors tried to sell . 
The company earned $ 18.7 million , or 95 cents a share , a year earlier . 
But the test may prove to be more sensitive in determining whether a tumor has spread or returned following treatment , Dr. Wilson said . 
The problem is so vast that we need to try innovative solutions -- in small-scale experiments . 
But the implications of such a shift to market approaches go well beyond the fact that Poland is already working on nationwide emissions trades to reduce smelter pollution , or that the Soviets plan to introduce marketable pollution permits in some republics next year . 
`` It 's not uncommon for these guys to send pictures of themselves or their families to ingratiate themselves to their clients , '' says Terree Bowers , chief of the major-frauds section of the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles . 
Sierra Tucson Cos. , Tucson , Ariz. , started trading under STSN . 
The strategy boosts current yield by putting more bonds into the portfolio . 
Ben earns any fees sent directly to charity and is taxable on them , the IRS says ; of course , he also may take a charitable deduction for them . 
Hughes Aircraft Co. , a General Motors Corp. unit , said the Intelsat VI commercial communications satellite is set to be launched Friday . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3426.33 , up 
Mr. Bush is plainly uncomfortable with the entire abortion question . 
That caused a brief period of panic selling of stocks on the Big Board . 
A spokesman for Shearson said the brokerage service will be directed at individual investors who want to buy foreign and domestic stocks . 
He also received 20-year sentences for each of the 24 passengers injured . 
Firms are permitted wide flexibility in the child-care arrangements they provide . 
Disabled Americans have had their civil rights guaranteed in all federally funded programs since Section 504 was passed as a part of the 1973 Rehabilitation Act . 
President Bush says he will name Donald E. Kirkendall to the new Treasury post of inspector general , which has responsibilities for the IRS ... . 
Frankfurt prices closed sharply lower in thin dealings , hurt by the roller-coaster session on Wall Street Tuesday and worries about wage demands by the largest West German trade union . 
The fasteners , nuts and bolts , are sold to the North American auto market . 
But since then U.S. oil production has declined and Mobil wants to focus its oil-finding efforts overseas . 
The surge in competition is expected to stir new life into the huge mainframe market , where growth has slowed to single digits in recent years . 
By Richterian standards , the show that the Oakland Athletics put on Friday and Saturday nights , in putting a mercifully swift end to the game 's Longest Short Series , rated somewhere between a 10 and an 11 . 
New Canaan Investments Inc. said it closed the acquisition of Carr-Lowrey Glass Co. from Newell Co. , a Freeport , Ill. , maker of do-it-yourself home products . 
The packaged-goods marketers may try filling that gap with a spate of new products . 
But the complex language is n't the only reason . 
Mr. Seidman is chairman of the Resolution Trust Corp. , established to sell or merge the nation 's hundreds of insolvent savings-and-loan associations . 
The problem is that the CD he bought for a retirement plan was n't a plain vanilla CD . 
When WCRS created Della Femina McNamee out of the merger of three smaller agency units in 1988 , it said it did so in order to attract larger clients , especially packaged-goods companies . 
A Frankfurt exchange official , acknowledging the brokers ' anxieties , says the market still feels it `` functioned OK during this crash . '' 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
But the `` real world '' also includes the unpleasant truth that colleges are cheating the athletes they have wooed and won . 
Mr. DeVoe said he expects prices to show some renewed instability over the next few sessions as institutions re-evaluate their stance toward the market in light of its decline . 
And when Mr. Engelken asked him why he took time off from work for somebody he did n't even know , Bobby Thomson replied : `` You know , Albert , if you have the chance in life to make somebody this happy , you have an obligation to do it . '' 
In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange , UAL closed at $ 168.50 a share , down $ 21.625 . 
Investors and traders in Pacific exchange options `` are protected to the extent that they can convert their put and call options into the underlying instrument , '' Mr. Luthringshausen said . 
Futures and options also make it possible to build `` synthetic '' index funds that do n't actually own a single share of stock , but can produce returns that match or exceed the broad stock market . 
Most of trading action now is from professional traders who are trying to take advantage of the price swings to turn a quick profit , he and other traders said . 
Battelle 's Mr. McCall thinks steelmakers should concentrate more on construction . 
According to Mr. Rohs , inflation-adjusted , same-store sales at company-owned Wendy 's units in the U.S. have trailed year-earlier levels throughout 1989 , except for August . 
Great Western said it had a sharp increase in margins in the recent third quarter . 
And some commuters , relieved by the absence of gridlock , were planning to return to their old ways . 
To date , we see no clear indication that the government is serious about negotiations . 
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % . 
Of the combined $ 114.4 million the two men were scheduled to reap under the buy-out , they agreed to invest in the buy-out just $ 15 million , angering many of the thousands of workers asked to make pay concessions so the buy-out would be a success . 
Jaguar shares jumped 23 before easing to close at 654 , up 6 . 
A lifelong revolutionary with little education who fought both the French and the U.S.-backed Saigon regime , she switched effortlessly to commerce after the war . 
Although external events have contributed to the morass , the principal causes of the current crisis are internal and generic to all programs . 
In 1988 , Fluor had revenue of $ 5.1 billion and earnings of $ 56.4 million , or 71 cents a share . 
While universities develop the basic research , `` venture capitalists are the ones best positioned to finance its commercialization , '' says Gloria W. Doubleday of Commonwealth . 
The court is called the Management Appeals Committee , or just `` MAC , '' and it is likely to hear a couple of dozen cases a year . 
Indeed , some investment bankers have already started restructuring deals to cope with the expected rules . 
A poll in male-dominated South Korea put Margaret Thatcher first on a list of most-respected foreign leaders . 
In any case , says Dr. Minna of the National Cancer Institute , `` We 're witnessing the discovery of one of the most important steps in the genesis of cancer . 
But British Airways withdrew from the UAL labor-management buy-out plan last Friday , after the group failed to get bank financing for its $ 6.79 billion buy-out . 
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says . 
Of course the Palestinians complain about their treatment ; of course the Israelis feel put upon . 
The accord helps RJR pay off debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to 12 % . 
Despite the risks , the deals can be an attractive way for Japanese banks to increase their presence in the U.S. market , bank analysts say . 
A Coors spokesman said the company does n't believe the move will further increase William Coors 's influence or reduce the influence of Jeffrey Coors , Peter Coors or Joseph Coors Jr. , who run the company 's three operating units . 
Out of the blue , the Soviet Chamber of Commerce handed over details on 59 technologies that the Japanese might want to buy . 
Mr. Nadeau said he intends to remain Provigo 's chief executive only until the non-food businesses are sold , after a which a new chief executive will be named . 
Their junk funds combined have had net outflows totaling nearly $ 500 million , or about 13 % of their junk fund assets , in the past two months . 
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . '' 
He acknowledged only one difference with Mr. Reagan -- that the amendment ought to have exceptions for rape and incest as well as to save a woman 's life . 
The crowd remained good natured , even bemused . 
Mr. Digate says his firm , Beyond Inc. , has licensed technology known as Information Lens from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and plans to develop it for commercial use . 
Mr. Leon of Bear Stearns speculated that McCaw , in an attempt to buy time , might consider filing an antitrust suit against BellSouth with the Justice Department and U.S. District Judge Harold Greene , who oversees enforcement of the consent decree that broke up the Bell system in 1984 . 
Thus it is coming up short on a big bet that quick sales at higher prices would enable it to keep up with mortgage and other debt payments . 
Moody 's said its rating changes actions `` reflect CS First Boston 's aggressive merchant banking risk as well as the risk profile of its current merchant banking exposures . '' 
He reckons the current account deficit will narrow to only # 1.8 billion in September . 
The filing was partly the result of the $ 2.3 billion shortfall in LTV 's three pension plans operated for its LTV Steel Co. subsidiary 's employees . 
Siemens is West Germany 's largest electronics group . 
Ms. McCraw says she wants the campaign to help attract advertisers in 10 categories , including corporate , financial services , consumer electronics , insurance and food . 
When the Germans lost World War I , they lost Namibia to South Africa and the diamonds to Ernest Oppenheimer , patriarch of Anglo American Corp. and De Beers . 
According to Gen. Sundarji , that would have forced Bofors to disclose the names of the middlemen who received kickbacks from the company . 
Mayhap this metaphorical connection made the BPC Fine Arts Committee think she had a literal green thumb . 
On average in the latest nine months , company-operated units in the U.S. had $ 90,552 more in sales than did franchised outlets . 
The refund is about $ 9 million . 
Instead , they figure the culprit probably took money from Ms. Shere 's wallet and discarded all the tips in the five-by-eight-inch looseleaf . 
`` The women wanted photo albums , a certain brooch , kind of sentimental things . '' 
The political risk would be far less if the president drew a firm line and hewed to it , experts insist . 
Maybe -- if every senator shared the principles of Mr. Boren . 
The investors range from elderly widows to affluent professionals . 
Honeywell previously said it intended to reduce its holding in the Japanese concern as part of a restructuring plan which also calls for a reduction of dependence on weapons sales . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 15 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 72 days ; 8.375 % 73 to 96 days ; 8.125 % 97 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
The publisher argued in response that the `` fair use '' statute permits quotation `` for purposes such as criticism , comment , news reporting , teaching , ... scholarship , or research . '' 
Insurers will be advertising 800 numbers -- probably on the radio -- that policyholders can call to get assistance on how to submit claims . 
The business is expected to have sales of about $ 100 million in 1990 , Grace said . 
The message is loud and clear : This is not your father 's Brooks Brothers . 
The earthquake that hit the San Francisco Bay area is n't likely to result in wholesale downgrading of bond ratings , officials at the two major rating agencies said . 
Merrill Lynch and Prudential-Bache Securities both lowered the stock 's investment rating immediately after the results were issued Friday , according to PIR . 
The fund has about $ 1 billion and is set up to handle `` precisely the kind of emergency '' the state faces , said Tom Beermann , the Governor 's deputy press secretary . 
Recognition also said it obtained a commitment from Chemical Bank and Bank of Boston to convert an estimated $ 18 million in bank debt to a new , 24-month secured term loan to be repaid through the sale of certain assets . 
Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the company said export log and lumber markets will be weak , while panel and plywood markets will be stronger . 
Mr. Melloan is deputy editor of the Journal . 
They have no reserves against the real estate , and their reserves against the loans are miniscule compared with the levels of reserves banks are moving to set up . 
The hot-dipped galvanized segment is one of the fastest-growing and most profitable segments of the steel market , coveted by all major integrated steelmakers wanting to maintain an edge over smaller minimills and reconstructed mills -- those spun off to employees . 
Fill-Or-Kill Order : The fill-or-kill order is one of several associated with the timing of trades . 
`` There 's a 99 % chance that the Fantasy will be delivered close to schedule , '' said Caroline Levy , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The leveraged buy-out group of GE Capital now reports to Mr. Carpenter . 
Then last spring , researchers reported finding a gene called p53 which , if impaired , turns healthy colon cells cancerous . 
The reason for the tremendous demand is simple : South Koreans suddenly have a lot more money . 
Much depends on the opposition , a loose group of regional and ideological parties led by former Gandhi cabinet minister Vishwanath Pratap Singh . 
Lee Co. , the jeans maker , celebrates its 100th anniversary with a hardcover yearbook featuring photos of its 10,000 employees . 
Moreover , he said , technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they 've been `` erased '' from a computer 's memory . 
There 's a certain irony in the fact that Federal Express faces its first union problems as a result of its Tiger purchase . 
`` Under Mr. Ngoc , Van Nghe protected the people instead of the government , '' says Nguyen Duy , a poet who is the paper 's bureau chief for southern Vietnam . 
StatesWest operates four twin-engine turboprop aircraft , connecting 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada . 
A year ago , the Tokyo company had pretax profit of 35.38 billion yen . 
Companies `` are n't comfortable playing these games , but they realize they 're under pressure to make their policies look good , '' says Timothy Pfiefer , an actuarial consultant at Tillinghast , a unit of Towers Perrin Co. , the big New York consulting firm . 
Nine-month net income dropped 47 % to $ 26.3 million , or 54 cents a share , from $ 49.7 million , or $ 1.02 a share . 
Some congressional leaders intend to continue to fight for independent strike forces . 
Mr. Sung could n't be reached for comment . 
In December 1988 , Messrs. Peltz and May sold their stock in Triangle Industries Inc. , a packaging company they controlled , to Pechiney Corp. of France . 
It is generally agreed that when CFCs rise from earth to stratosphere , the chlorine in them is capable of interfering with the process through which ultraviolet rays split oxygen molecules and form ozone . 
Tenders for the bonds , available in minimum denominations of $ 1,000 , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Wednesday at Federal Reserve banks . 
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars . 
As competition heats up in Spain 's crowded bank market , Banco Exterior de Espana is seeking to shed its image of a state-owned bank and move into new activities . 
KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL , Oakland , metal and chemical maker , annual sales of $ 2.22 billion , had slight structural damage to its 28-story headquarters building and employees stayed home yesterday to allow crews to clean up . 
But higher interest rates paid on off-budget debt could add billions to the bailout costs , and would n't be subject to congressional scrutiny , Ways and Means members argued . 
Octel said the purchase was expected . 
The division will be headed by Dick Porter , who returns to Bozell after being vice president of media at MGM . 
The woman appeared in court Thursday to enter her plea , but when she started to approach the bench , she was stopped by Judge Hancock . 
There are many other strategies to bolster the returns of index funds . 
Ratings , he notes , `` are subject to change . '' 
Also , Sheldon Aboff , formerly a vice president at Maxwell , was named group vice president with responsibility for various electronic and publishing-group companies . 
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange fined and suspended two commodities traders accused of making prearranged trades with each other that allegedly cheated a customer . 
Mr. Pissocra , 56 years old , will be responsible for the company 's 10 banks in the Eastern region . 
When the earthquake rocked northern California last week , Aetna senior claims executives from the San Francisco area were at the company 's Hartford , Conn. , headquarters for additional training on how to handle major catastrophes , including earthquakes . 
`` I thought the probabilities of { a bidding war } happening were less , '' he says . 
On Oct. 20 , the town 's mayor , Robert Reid , made an announcement on behalf of CBS during half-time at the Middletown High School football game asking for volunteers . 
Sears , Roebuck & Co. signed a contract with Bob Vila , the former host of the popular public television program `` This Old House , '' to star in a half-hour home improvement show sponsored by the giant retailer . 
He painted one himself in the style of John Haberle and sold it as a 19th-century original to antique dealers in Woodbridge , Conn . 
Fortunately , an aunt with a college degree bought a small farm and moved us 50 miles north to good schools and an environment that opened the world of opportunity for me as an eight-year-old . 
But now Westinghouse is enjoying a resurgence in demand for both steam and combustion turbines and may even join the growing legion of independent electric producers . 
Separately , Mr. Brady said he asked the Working Group on Financial Markets to determine whether futures margins are too low . 
Many economists have started predicting a mild recession next year . 
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them . 
`` I 'm surprised we did n't see more volatility '' in stocks , said Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. , market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker . 
He said he expects U.S. interest rates to decline , dragging the dollar down to around 1.80 marks by the end of January after a short-lived dash to 1.87 marks by the end of November . 
According to reports released by the two government agencies , domestic consumer and wholesale prices each rose by 0.2 % in October from the previous month . 
A couple we 'll call the Blandings spent nearly $ 800,000 on a 15-acre plot and main home and have an old $ 175,000 mortgage exempt from the new limit on mortgage-interest deductions . 
Why did East Bloc participants unanimously endorse market-based pollution approaches ? 
His new stake would be in the form of preferred shares , which receive higher dividends but have voting rights only in extraordinary shareholders assemblies . 
Ms. Sinatra sued over the use of her `` These Boots are Made for Walkin ' '' song in the ad . 
Mr. Krenz does n't seem to be the knee-jerk hardliner many initially thought he was when the 52-year-old Politburo member was selected last week to succeed Erich Honecker . 
But it is the Trinity Rep newcomer , Jonathan Fried ( Zamislov , the paralegal ) who is the actor to watch , whether he is hamming it up while conducting the chamber musicians or seducing his neighbor 's wife ( Becca Lish ) by licking her bosom . 
Hunter wants to concentrate its resources on the insurance business and on a project to store hazardous wastes in salt domes . 
Brooks Brothers says business is robust at its 30 outlets in Japan and two shops in Hong Kong . 
The filing , made yesterday in U.S. Bankruptcy Court here , follows an agreement by L.J. Hooker Corp. , Merksamer 's owner , to sell the chain to management for an undisclosed price . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Bankers Trust fell 12.5 cents to $ 50.50 . 
A consequence of their departure could be a serious diminution of market liquidity . 
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading . 
By an 11-2 margin , Senate negotiators voted to preserve the 235 mortgage refinancing plan , and despite powerful allies , the opposition found itself undercut by an unusual alliance of liberals and conservatives . 
A test using new `` genetic probes '' showed that little Will Quinlan had not inherited a damaged retinoblastoma supressor gene and , therefore , faced no more risk than other children of developing the rare cancer . 
Many aspects of the agreement were worked out Wednesday in Chicago , when Integrated senior managers met with about 150 representatives . 
But the next important piece of news on the economy 's health -- this morning 's release of the national purchasing manager 's survey for October -- could prompt investors into action . 
On the other hand , investors beat a clear path yesterday to blue-chip issues with proven earnings growth records . 
Baker nonetheless remains furious both at Shamir , for backing down on the elections , and at Shamir 's rival , Peres , for political ineptitude in forcing a premature cabinet vote on Baker 's plan . 
Brown-Forman , a Louisville , Ky. distiller , also declined to comment . 
`` The period when growth stocks should be performing well is when their earnings are growing at a superior rate to the general level of corporate profits , '' says Stephen Boesel , president of T. Rowe Price 's Growth and Income Fund . 
Nissan had 29 % of the Japanese car market in 1980 before beginning a depressing eight-year slide that continued through last year . 
But they were stripped from the Senate bill after staffers estimated penalty revenue would fall by $ 216 million over five years . 
Mr. Bologna said the sale would allow Gen-Probe to speed up the development of new technology , and to more quickly apply existing technology to an array of diagnostic products the company wants to offer . 
The association attributed the drop to a trend among auto makers to move manufacturing operations overseas . 
Elections in this large , diverse and passionate nation are always hard to predict . 
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully . 
Import competition for U.S. furs has risen sharply since furriers started aggressively marketing `` working-girl mink '' and similar lower-priced imported furs in recent years . 
But as advertisers latch onto disasters with increasing frequency , they risk hurting themselves as much as helping the cause . 
Mr. Paul denies phoning and gloating . 
Traders said yesterday 's rally was fueled by insurance companies looking for bargains after a drastic slide in prices the past month . 
He said Mr. Klein will return to his post at the end of the trial `` at which he will be vindicated . '' 
Revenue grew 13 % to $ 734.8 million from $ 650.9 million . 
He says Mr. Briggs told him he was being set up for a `` honey trap , '' in which Mr. Noriega would try to involve him in an orgy and then record the event `` with sound and video . '' 
Taipei was closed for a holiday . 
`` We 're in the dark , '' he said . 
Traders said hedging related to the TVA pricing also pressured Treasury bonds . 
The reasons are complex , but one simple reason ought not to be underestimated . 
Everybody 's finger is one inch closer to the button . 
Traders said the futures buying was finely calculated by program traders . 
Of course East Germany , true to its tradition , could tighten its borders yet further . 
The great silver clouds on the horizon build themselves on the pale water . 
Hilton rose 2 7\/8 to 100 , for example . 
Dollar : 141.90 yen , off 0.53 ; 1.8470 marks , off 0.0108 . 
In Mexico , the analyst added , employees at the Cananea mine , who have been out of work since late August when the mine was declared bankrupt by the government , accepted a 35 % cut in the 3,800-man work force . 
Import values are calculated on a cost , insurance and freight ( c.i.f . ) basis , while exports are accounted for on a free-on-board ( f.o.b . ) basis . 
A United spokesman said 14 of its 21 gates were unusable , mainly because of water damage caused when a sprinkler system was triggered by the tremors . 
Both General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. have been trying to amass 15 % stakes in Jaguar . 
Mr. Meador had been executive vice president of Balcor . 
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings . 
We are willing to share the political burden of being host to America , an imperial power . 
The blue-collar worker who decides to start a business will listen and take advice . 
It operates various types of addiction-treatment facilities . 
`` The word surrender has a precise psychoanalytic meaning . 
Jujo Paper predicted that for the full fiscal year ending next March 31 , sales will total 400.0 billion yen , up from 366.89 billion yen . 
Mr. Carson has been charged with being anti-Semitic . 
Their museum had purchased an Attic black-figured column krater and shipped it from London . 
But they said the quake will force some companies to relocate or expand part or all of their operations outside the state . 
Time magazine , for example , has more than 100 separate editions going to different regions , top management , and other groups . 
The report showed that September consumer prices rose just 0.2 % , a smaller increase than expected . 
Richard J. Pinola was elected to the board of this personnel consulting concern , increasing its size to nine members . 
Other nations are n't sure how many weapons they have in their own arsenals . 
Howard Bloom , president of the dress firm Chetta B Inc. , says : `` It 's big time chaos today . 
They use 60 % more fertilizer per acre , twice the high-grade feed . 
The government will penalize offenders , but wo n't confiscate property . 
Fiscal fourth-quarter sales grew about 18 % to $ 1.38 billion from $ 1.17 billion a year earlier . 
Wednesday , October 18 , 1989 
Third and most important , Amex would charge me a far higher premium than other reputable companies would on a straight term policy for the same amount ; I 'd be paying so heavily just to have the option of getting my premiums back that I 'd almost have to cancel to make the whole thing worthwhile . 
If the tax on any gain to those assets was doubled , would n't the value fall to the owners of the assets ? 
BNL called a shareholders ' assembly meeting in December to vote on the proposals . 
Most of the 10 analysts polled last week by Dow Jones International News Service in Frankfurt , Tokyo , London and New York expect the U.S. dollar to ease only mildly in November . 
Among the subsidies continued in the transportation bill is $ 30.7 million to maintain commercial air service for an estimated 92 communities , often in rural areas . 
It said the maximum cost of the plan would be $ 9.7 million . 
Its parking lot is inconvenient , the MGM lion's-head logo still appears in places , and customers still call it the Grand , rather than the Bally Grand . 
Mr. Lauder also attacked what he sees as the wide imitation of Elle , a fashion magazine published by Diamandis Communications Inc. , and criticized the practice of stacking ads at the front of magazines . 
Not likely , I think . 
The remainder of the house leans precariously against a sturdy oak tree . 
From the fee , the local phone company and the long-distance carrier extract their costs to carry the call , passing the rest of the money to the originator , which must cover advertising and other costs . 
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label . 
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager . 
One of the reasons Bush administration aides are anxious to insist that the coming meeting will be informal is to avoid comparisons with the last such loosely structured superpower gathering , former President Reagan 's 1986 meeting with Mr. Gorbachev in Reykjavik , Iceland . 
Could n't we save $ 20 billion or $ 30 billion a year by shifting that stuff to the reserves ? 
The two offerings bring Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 31 billion and its total volume to $ 43.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
`` I think Bush 's going there is a helpful sign , '' said Sen. Terry Sanford ( D. , N.C . ) a member of the Foreign Relations Committee who pushed to provide Costa Rica about the same amount of aid as it received last year . 
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely . 
`` You are mad because he 's making so much money , '' say President Reagan 's defenders . 
After clanging around for an hour or so , the shiny , hot money pours out of the cement chute , where a giant vacuum sucks away the dried mud and burnt wrappers . 
Mr. Dozen is taking over the reins of a securities company that does very well in its domestic market but that is still seeking to realize its potential in global investment banking and securities dealing . 
It already has sold its retail , or individual-investor , brokerage network ; securities firms do n't need brokerage licenses for non-retail activities such as investment banking . 
Regrettably , two administrations in a row have been unwilling and unable to develop any plan , military or economic , for supporting the Panamanian people in their attempts to restore democracy . 
The New York suit was filed on behalf of Justice Isaac Rubin , whose appointment to the state appellate division expires at year end , and all other judges hurt by the alleged age discrimination . 
The bank said the C$ 1 billion in reserves will result in a charge of C$ 595 million against earnings but said it still expects to report a profit for the year ending Tuesday . 
The three men agreed to rewrite the guidelines , without changing the basic assassination ban , to clear up any ambiguities that may have hampered U.S. encouragement of coups against anti-American leaders . 
Last week , following fruitless settlement talks , Warner , now merging with Time Inc. , filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against both Sony and Guber Peters . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton began its coverage of the company with favorable ratings . 
In making Malcolm and Nora such wonderfully representative specimens of their class and generation , Ms. Zeidner has somewhat neglected the task of making them distinctively individual characters . 
Partners at other accounting firms say that the Deloitte firm in the U.K. is filing the suit to get even with the merged Deloitte-Touche firm for keeping major auditing work in England . 
Fred D. Thompson , a 47-year-old attorney in private practice in Washington and Nashville , Tenn. , was elected to the board of this engineering and construction company . 
Investors and analysts applauded the news . 
The year earlier , the company had a net loss of $ 4.3 million , or 20 cents a share , based on 21 million common shares and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
So far there is little to show for such efforts . 
But the officials insist that such a deal on a future vote would have to apply to both the House and the Senate . 
Glaxo was the biggest gainer , jumping 35 to # 13.78 ( $ 21.72 ) on anticipation of a stock split next week . 
Despite Mr. Blaine 's protests , the judge rescheduled her case for Nov. 27 . 
Colony banks have a major stake in how interest rates move because of their enormous Hong Kong-dollar exposure . 
The application by Foothills , owned by Calgary-based Nova Corp. of Alberta and Westcoast Energy Inc. of Vancouver , Canada , is expected to kick off what could be a contentious battle for the right to transport vast quantities of gas to southern markets from still-undeveloped fields in Canada 's Mackenzie River delta . 
Kingdom of Morocco -- $ 208 million ( redemption amount ) of zero-coupon government trust certificates , with maturities stretching from May 15 , 1990 , to Nov. 15 , 1999 , priced at yields ranging from 8.23 % to 8.43 % . 
Also , BASF AG , another large chemicals company , said it formed a separate division that will study the environmental impact of plastics and will investigate all possibilities of recycling plastics . 
The capital-gains tax reform is a step toward correcting one of the gravest structural weaknesses of the U.S. economy , the closely connected phenomena of low savings rates , weak capital formation and high capital costs . 
`` There are about a dozen more deals coming , '' said Michael McNamara , director of fixed-income research at Kemper Financial Services Inc . 
In the two-part offering , $ 151 million of senior subordinated reset notes were priced at 99.75 and carried a rate of 13 3\/4 % , while the $ 100 million of senior subordinated floating rate notes were priced to float at 4.25 percentage points above the London Interbank Offered Rate , or LIBOR . 
Within the IRS , nearly $ 1.95 billion is provided for processing tax returns , a 12 % increase over fiscal 1989 and double what the government was spending five years ago . 
These functions are currently performed out of Melbourne , Australia , and at Ford 's headquarters in Dearborn , Mich . 
The return of the Rothschilds is modest . 
Now is the time to reform the government from a provider , developing-country vanguard role to that of a modern , industrialized nation in which consumers have the ultimate choice . 
Britain 's U.N. representative and delegation head Crispin Tickell called the first meeting `` good , interesting and businesslike . 
A warm foster home has been found . 
They all attended a meeting in April 1987 questioning why a federal audit of Lincoln S&L had dragged on for two years . 
ABC Sports was looking for ways to lift deflated halftime ratings for `` Monday Night Football . '' 
`` People have a different reputation country by country . '' 
`` This is being done at the suggestion of { Mr. Drabinsky } and to accommodate him , to facilitate his financing arrangements , '' Ms. Kolber said . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
All have a fiveyear earnings growth rate of more than 20 % a year . 
A few years ago , the company voluntarily stopped selling `` The Big Ear , '' a powerful microphone . 
Inside the grid were 24 of these plant cells jammed full of clutter . 
It 's a horrible machine , actually . 
He also told reporters the acquisition would give Paribas fresh diversity , bringing it properties in food and transport where it has been weak . 
THROUGHOUT THE 1980s , investors have been looking for creative alternatives to traditional modes of financial planning . 
Brokers handle such transactions through the Options Clearing Corp. , which guarantees all option trades . 
Some cities , including New York , have experimented with special tax districts for commercial areas that provide additional patrols funded by local businesses . 
That division 's manager has been fired . 
`` In a new position just after the opening , a computer will have serious problems , '' Mr. Kasparov said later . 
Out of this , the government set up a $ 50 million fund for plaintiffs who can prove their financial losses . 
South Korea 's President Roh addressed a joint House-Senate meeting and urged patience over U.S. demands for the opening of Seoul 's markets to more American goods , saying trade issues would be `` resolved to mutual satisfaction . '' 
Eventually we came to rest in a soggy patch of field where we had the exquisite pleasure of scrambling out of the basket into the mud while the French half of our ballooning tag team scrambled in . 
In fact , sophisticated big-bucks boiler-room scams are known generically among law-enforcement types as `` Newport Beach '' operations . 
`` There are a lot of them , and they have property . '' 
Revco 's chairman and chief executive officer , Boake A. Sells , said both the company and the bondholders have put forth reorganization plans , but little progress has been made since negotiations began this summer . 
Municipals 
Many American church-owned businesses , such as a $ 30 million factory to build fishing vessels , are defunct . 
But SONG founder Jeremy Kahn , a Harvard junior , thinks of nerds and geeks more as `` nonconformists , '' albeit with a studious bent . 
First , why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century : Prior to the election of Franklin Roosevelt as president and the advent of the New Deal , government occupied a much smaller role in society and the prisoner 's dilemma problem confronting voters in races for Congress was considerably less severe . 
The CEO , Richard G. Olson , replied `` yes , '' but would n't elaborate . 
The idea is to have money rolling over each year at prevailing interest rates . 
The dollar finished mostly stronger yesterday , boosted by a modest recovery in share prices . 
The sales recovery screeched to a halt this month , some analysts say . 
The Rev. Alphonsus Trabold , a theology professor and exorcism expert at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , N.Y. , frequently is asked to exorcise unruly spirits , and he often obliges . 
Paribas said it will bid 1,850 francs a share for Navigation Mixte shares that qualify for a full yearly dividend , and 1,800 francs for those created July 1 , which are eligible for partial dividends . 
-- Sam Ewing . 
He came to produce her records and her movies -- `` A Star Is Born '' and `` The Main Event . '' 
U.S. official reserve assets rose $ 6.05 billion in September , to $ 68.42 billion , the Treasury Department said . 
Assistant U.S. Attorney Randy Mastro , who headed the government 's racketeering case against the International Brotherhood of Teamsters , will join Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher in its New York office . 
The loss is a setback to IBM , which pointed to the Kodak contract as an example of its success in systems integration . 
Net income at Sears 's Dean Witter Financials Services group , meanwhile , rose nearly 32 % to $ 35.7 million , reflecting improvements in its basic stock brokerage and Discover credit card businesses . 
Production in Shanghai , China 's industrial powerhouse and the largest source of tax revenue for the central government , fell 1.8 % for the month . 
And in the past , Congress has viewed monitoring as an issue best handled in union negotiations . 
Digital also plans to compete fiercely with IBM when the giant 's customers are computerizing new aspects of their businesses . 
Among the Guinness disk 's wonders : the world 's loudest recorded belch . 
Sales rose 25 % to $ 3.90 billion from $ 3.13 billion . 
Its mortality rate for males over 35 is about 50 % higher than West Germany 's , and 50 % higher in hazard areas than the national average . 
There was no cost estimate for the second phase . 
The pilots might end up teaming up with their longtime adversaries , the machinists union , in a recapitalization . 
But in private meetings yesterday , Budget Director Richard Darman argued that only $ 1.5 billion in new federal appropriations are needed to supplement existing resources . 
Many economists contend that deep cuts in the U.S. budget deficit are needed before further trade improvement can occur . 
The Treasury is still working out the details with bank trade associations and the other government agencies that have a hand in fighting money laundering . 
It is Mr. Paul 's art venture , however , that has drawn the most attention from investors and regulators , not to mention galleries throughout the world . 
Such a pace of growth , though respectable for mature industrialized economies , would be unusually slow for Hong Kong . 
`` Invariably , '' he says , `` eyewitnesses are untrustworthy . '' 
But details on chips must now be extraordinarily fine , and the wavelengths of even ultraviolet light are long enough so that the images they draw may be too blurry -- much as someone using a wide paintbrush could produce a broad line but would have trouble painting a thin one . 
In an interview a few months ago , he recalled how after some training at Salomon Brothers Inc. , he successfully bid for the opportunity to sell portions of 20 U.S. corporate bond issues . 
It also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency controlled by Eurocom and headed jointly by New York ad man Jerry Della Femina and two top WCRS executives . 
The Catastrophic Coverage Act would add a stop-loss provision next year to limit the maximum beneficiaries must pay for doctors . 
Meredith Corp. is launching a new service to offer advertisers package deals combining its book , magazine and videocassette products . 
An analyst called it one of the worst trade reports since the dollar bottomed out in 
A year later , it was 5.7 million . 
Despite valiant efforts by Finance Minister Mailson Ferreira da Nobrega , inflation came to 36 % in September alone and is expected to top 1,000 % for the year . 
The CFTC may take those arguments into account by allowing exceptions to its restrictions . 
The debentures were issued in the face amount of $ 46 million on July 11 , 1988 , the Ashland , Ky. , coal mining , water transportation and construction company said . 
The offices are done in hardwood and oriental rugs , leatherbound books and , of course , a $ 12 million Rubens . 
And by basing donations on BK Doubles , a new double-hamburger line the fast-food chain is trying to push , Burger King works a sales pitch into its public-service message . 
The sales are expected to raise more than 600 million Australian dollars ( US$ 462.2 million ) , Mr. Skase said . 
Anheuser-Busch Cos. said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow . 
The rates , which take effect Jan. 2 , include a 4 % increase for national edition advertising . 
SUGAR : 
Yet he has proved more resilient than any of them . 
`` They are preparing the workers for what 's coming : foreign control , '' wrote Heberto Castillo , a leftist leader . 
In an efficient setup , the same PC could perform all those tasks . 
He is free to invest in chickens , and to fail for lack of chicken wire . 
It is E-Z listening for the now generation . 
One in 1981 raised to $ 2,000 a year from $ 1,500 the amount a person could put , tax-deductible , into the tax-deferred accounts and widened coverage to people under employer retirement plans . 
Because of this and the huge trade gap , the deficit in China 's current account , which measures trade in goods and services plus certain unilateral transfers of funds , is expected to widen sharply from the $ 3.8 billion deficit last year . 
Complex cases , such as antitrust suits and many business disputes , would receive intense supervision by federal judges to keep pretrial proceedings moving . 
But it 's generally accepted that sterilized intervention has little or no lasting impact on currency values . 
Digital Equipment Corp. , with major facilities in Santa Clara , Cupertino , Palo Alto and Mountain View , said that all of its engineering and manufacturing sites had reported to corporate headquarters in Maynard , Mass. , Tuesday night . 
Bond prices also jumped as traders appeared to read the data as a sign that interest rates may fall . 
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans . 
Falcon Holding Group Inc. said it agreed to acquire about 54,000 subscribers from First Carolina Cable TV Limited Partnership for about $ 100 million , or roughly $ 2,000 a subscriber . 
Cutting against the downward trend was Continental , which jumped 4 marks to 346 marks ( $ 187 ) in heavy trading on rumors that the tire maker is about to be taken over . 
a nun raising some lovable orphans . 
`` There 's still room for boutique properties , '' says James Barrett , president of MarCor Resorts Inc . 
That the membership number has even kept close to its 1976 size is the result of the `` graying '' of the church . 
BORLAND INTERNATIONAL , Scotts Valley , personal computer and software designer , annual sales of $ 72 million , had heavy damage to its headquarters and was conducting business from its parking lot . 
The axiom appears to be that the more valuable the asset , the harder the privatization process . 
If Sex Is Involved , All Bets Are Off 
Kellogg , which has n't been as successful in capitalizing on the public 's health-oriented desire for oat bran as rival General Mills Inc. , has been losing share in the $ 6 billion ready-to-eat cereal market . 
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland . 
A member in the House leadership and skilled legislator , Mr. Fazio nonetheless found himself burdened not only by California 's needs but by Hurricane Hugo amendments he accepted in a vain effort to build support in the panel . 
Profit in Olin 's defense and ammunition segment rose to $ 8 million from $ 7 million . 
First Wachovia Corp. said John F. McNair III will retire as president and chief executive officer of this regional banking company 's Wachovia Corp. and Wachovia Bank & Trust Co. subsidiaries on Dec. 31 . 
The portion of OTC volume attributable to program trading is n't known , as it is on the New York Stock Exchange , where it amounted to more than 13 % in September . 
Gone is D. Joseph Corr , the airline 's chairman , chief executive and president , appointed only last December . 
Mr. Patel agrees : `` There is no proper monitoring and screening of the use of these funds . 
Although the East German news agency ADN claimed Mr. Honecker had asked to be relieved of his duties for `` health reasons , '' West German government sources said the 26-man Politburo had asked for his resignation at a separate meeting late Tuesday . 
The 204-lawyer New York firm will bring in at least 12 partners and a not yet determined number of associates from Golenbock & Barell , which will dissolve Dec. 31 . 
Those are unwelcome trends in a year that the Dow Jones Industrial Average has risen 23 % so far , even with the 190.58-point plunge on Oct. 13 ; broader market measures are in the same neighborhood . 
These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index . 
While the student was in school , interest costs would either be paid by the student or added to the loan balance . 
Mr. Nye thinks the UAL board should be ousted if it does n't move soon to increase shareholder value . 
`` When I made this investment , I made it on a lifetime basis , '' he explains . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.53 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.30 % six months . 
Chevrolet already is offering an $ 800 rebate on the 1990-model Corsica . 
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history . 
Ms. Bettner covers personal finance from The Wall Street Journal 's Los Angeles bureau . 
Prime will still manage Ramada 's domestic franchise system when the sale closes . 
Meanwhile , the Nasdaq 100 Index of the big non-financial stocks basically stood still , easing 0.12 , to 452.23 . 
Mr. Wanniski is president of Polyconomics Inc. , of Morristown , N.J . 
Loews , the parent of CNA Financial , rose 1 3\/8 to 123 1\/8 . 
The S&P 500 contract that expires in December closed up a record 15.65 points on volume of nearly 80,000 contracts . 
Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : E. Garrett Bewkes III , a 38-year-old managing director in the mergers and acquisitions department ; Michael R. Dabney , 44 , a managing director who directs the principal activities group which provides funding for leveraged acquisitions ; Richard Harriton , 53 , a general partner who heads the correspondent clearing services ; Michael Minikes , 46 , a general partner who is treasurer ; and William J. Montgoris , 42 , a general partner who is also senior vice president of finance and chief financial officer . 
Crime is clearly more deadly to small-scale entrepreneurship than to big businesses . 
But CBS 's costs are huge , and the risks go up with each new sports package that CBS locks up . 
In each case the ending of this unsustainable inflation caused a severe recession -- the two worst of the postwar period . 
The two West German electronics concerns said they have set up European Power Semiconductor Co. to merge their activities in the field . 
`` I just ca n't believe that the innovations in the financial market are causing any of this volatility , '' he says . 
An example is the biggest offering of them all , Larsen & Toubro 's $ 570 million bond issue . 
9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Alan Weston , president of Weston Capital Management , a Los Angeles money-management firm , adds that in periods of uncertainty like today , `` it 's a good time to cut out the dead branches of your portfolio . '' 
They have laid out about $ 1 billion for so-called baccalaureate zero-coupon municipal bonds -- so far offered by Connecticut , Illinois , Virginia and eight other states . 
( Indeed without earlier manipulations , the current sequester of $ 16 billion would have been even larger . ) 
Nestle 's share of 7 % before Friday 's purchases is far below the shares of market leaders Hershey Foods Corp. and Mars Inc. , which have about 40 % and 36 % of the market , respectively . 
The normal term for the 1986 and 1987 model 323 is two years or 24,000 miles ; the term for the 1988 323 is three years or 50,000 miles . 
`` We recognized the problem and took care of it . '' 
Prices for seats on the New York Stock Exchange are recovering a bit after hitting a four-year low earlier this month . 
John Ake , 48 , a former vice-president in charge of legal compliance at American Capital Management & Research Inc. , in Houston , will join Ballard Spahr 's corporate-securities practice . 
The Treasury expressed pleasure , however , with the government of Taiwan , which was cited for exchange-rate manipulation in last year 's report . 
The prospectus notes `` there can be no assurance '' that future growth will continue at past levels . 
We designed a comprehensive program , and we worked hard on it . 
Books and software everywhere . 
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation . 
More than 10,000 demonstrators had called for free elections and the resignation of Communist Party leader Milos Jakes . 
Bullish bond market sentiment is on the rise again . 
But junk bonds took more hits . 
Currently , there is a lull in the psyllium war . 
At Backer Spielvogel , he will work with clients and potential clients on marketing strategies ; aside from agency compensation issues , he helped Nissan , for example , come up with its positioning and pricing for its new Infiniti line . 
Sun Co. also reported higher earnings . 
None of these chief executives were available for comment . 
While computer stocks have taken the biggest hit from the slowdown in the industry , many software and semiconductor stocks have continued to outperform the market . 
Last year 's drought in the Midwest prompted retailers to stock up on oils ahead of anticipated price increases , boosting sales for Crisco and Puritan oils , analysts said . 
That 's 115 % more than in 1981 . 
According to one analyst , prices opened higher because of reports over the weekend that Brazil and Colombia , at the Pan-American summit meeting in Costa Rica , had agreed to a reduction in their coffee export quotas for the sake of creating a new agreement . 
The discount rate on six-month Treasury bills fell slightly to 7.60 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.99 % . 
In Hollywood , an average family can gain cachet from moving into a home vacated by the famous or near famous . 
Giant Group owned 22 % of Rally 's shares before the initial public offering . 
A recent study for the Federal Aviation Administration found that major airlines sometimes make flight attendants work 16 hours or more straight -- despite union contracts at some airlines limiting duty time to 14 hours . 
Following the release of the company 's fourth-quarter earnings , Apple Computer dropped 3\/4 to 48 on volume of more than 2.3 million shares . 
In an extraordinary mix of cultures and church-state powers , Rep. Robert Dornan ( R. , Calif . ) lectured his fellow Roman Catholics -- including Mr. Florio -- for having the `` chutzpah '' to disagree with the hierarchy of their church on abortion . 
In an interview , Mr. Vila criticized his old show , which is continuing with a new host . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Analog Devices closed at $ 8.875 , up 25 cents . 
It also enables minimills finally to get a toehold in the flat-rolled steel market -- the major steelmakers ' largest , most prized , and until now , untouchable , market . 
If a record industry lacked a common standard , Sony CD owners could listen to a Sony version of Madonna 's `` Like a Prayer '' but not one made for a Panasonic player . 
The convoy of about 100 vehicles was the first to make deliveries to the capital in about 10 days . 
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim . 
The I-880 section had completed the first phase of the retrofitting . 
The quotes could not be found on the tapes , and the two judges who decided the case for Ms. Malcolm and her publishers conceded that , for the purpose of their decision , `` we assume the quotations were deliberately altered . '' 
He doubts a Bismarckian super state will emerge that would dominate Europe , but warns of `` a risk of profound change in the heart of the European Community from a Germany that is too strong , even if democratic . '' 
He huddled with directors at a special meeting two weeks ago and tried to block his opponent . 
In 1985 , the Medical Tribune reported that a growing number of critics are challenging the FDA bioequivalence-therapeutic-equivalence equation . 
American publishers appear more than ready to do some selling . 
The urging admittedly has been gentle . 
`` The only way to reduce the costs is to say we do n't want to pay the bill , '' said Rep. Neal Smith ( D. , Iowa ) , who taunted President Bush 's party to back up his campaign promise of supporting the claims of $ 20,000 per individual . 
Mobil Corp. is preparing to slash the size of its work force in the U.S. , possibly as soon as next month , say individuals familiar with the company 's strategy . 
Mr. Wood has been president and chief executive of Steep Rock Resources Inc . 
Yet the bill is riding high on the furor over drug trafficking . 
Genentech Inc. said the West German distributor of its heart drug TPA reached a joint marketing agreement with a subsidiary of Hoechst AG , which makes the rival anti-clotting agent streptokinase . 
Wednesday 's report from the purchasing agents will be watched to see if the index maintains a level below 50 % , as it has for the past couple of months . 
On some occasions when Mr. Dinkins has discussed the issues during the campaign , he has run into a familiar kind of trouble . 
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion . 
The stock has fallen $ 87.25 , or 31 % , in the three trading days since announcement of the collapse of the $ 300-a-share takeover jolted the entire stock market into its second-worst plunge ever . 
Norton Co. said net income for the third quarter fell 6 % to $ 20.6 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 22 million , or $ 1.03 a share . 
Then , flashing a diamond ring as big as the Ritz ( `` my day diamond , darling '' ) , she told her two companions that she is on the `` board '' of the Vatican Museum in Rome . 
Supposedly , he proposed the movie to his producer , Claude Berri , in four lines : 
Yet a bill tailored to the interests of a single individual passed Congress with almost unimaginable speed , before the judicial process had run its course , and , indeed , while the Morgan case was awaiting a ruling by the appellate court . 
`` This is n't outlandish bidding ; this is a situation of very careful businessmen making judgments about the worth of product and acting on it ... . 
AMR , which owns American Airlines , rose 3 3\/8 to 72 1\/4 ; USAir Group fell 1 1\/2 to 38 5\/8 , and Delta Air Lines rose 1\/2 to 66 1\/2 after posting higher earnings for the September quarter . 
Archive attributed the gains to strong demand for its products , continued growth of the reseller market and the acquisition of Maynard Electronics in February , which accounted for about 14 % of the company 's revenue . 
`` It 's not a pretty picture , '' said David Smith , an analyst with Raymond James & Associates . 
The chief economist of Merrill Lynch & Co. finds himself in such a position as he buzzes the Midwest on his first road trip since backpedaling on a major prediction . 
Americans it seems have followed Malcolm Forbes 's hot-air lead and taken to ballooning in a heady way . 
Coastal , a Houston oil and gas company , said it expects to begin operations in October 1990 . 
An aide to the Senate Securities Subcommittee says some legislators support the concept of risk disclosure , but adds : `` nobody is wedded to the language in the bill . '' 
He and a Dartmouth roommate established a company that restored three hydroelectric power plants in Vermont . 
It is difficult to analyze how much of their anger was due to Recruit , the sex scandals , or the one-yen coins in their purses , but they obviously were voting to punish the LDP . 
Apparently they are learning to say no to excess risk . 
He might have added an interesting historical fact : The last Series sweep , by the Cincinnati Reds , came in 1976 , which also was the first year of baseball player free agency . 
That could cost him the chance to influence the outcome and perhaps join the winning bidder . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it won a $ 27 million contract from Stuart-James Co. , a Denver investment banking concern , to provide voice and data telecommunications services . 
By and large , economists believe the two natural catastrophes will limit economic damage to their regions . 
For the Parks and millions of other young Koreans , the long-cherished dream of home ownership has become a cruel illusion . 
Anheuser said it continues to hold to its earlier-announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s . 
We cruise toward another set of pilings . 
Mr. Cathcart , who will return to the Quaker Oats Co. board of directors , in addition to his personal ventures , is credited with bringing some basic budgeting and planning discipline to traditionally free-wheeling Kidder . 
Among the provisions : Fiscal-year taxpayers with returns due last Monday wo n't be penalized if they file -- or request an extension -- and pay tax due by Nov. 15 . 
Some take a warm view of consumer-oriented paper companies , which buy pulp from the commodity producers and should benefit from the expected declines in pulp prices . 
In broadest terms , stability has quietly settled into international oil markets . 
`` The power of price as an appeal , which was very considerable in driving traffic in March and April , has diminished , '' says George Rosenbaum , president of Shapiro & Associates . 
Among the leading products is a flu shot for horses . 
On the life insurance side , Pearl Group finished 5 lower at 640 , and Sun Life dropped 15 to # 11.53 . 
Producers Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer , who shepherded `` Flashdance '' through several scripts and ultimately produced the movie , bristle when Messrs. Guber and Peters take credit for the film . 
Bush is to visit the area today , and officials in Washington estimated that emergency assistance would total at least $ 2.5 billion . 
Although the proposal must be approved by federal Judge Harold C. Abramson , W. Herbert Hunt has agreed to the Peruvian mineral concern 's proposal . 
They also established an office to control government and party finances . 
The almanac will be making new friends and enemies on Oct. 27 , when an updated version will be released . 
The industrials were up about 60 points in the afternoon , but cautious investors took profits before the close . 
For now , however , the naysayers ' voices are drowned by the roar of cement mixers and the clanging of construction cranes along the Strip . 
After the announcement yesterday , Digital shares gained $ 1.25 to close at $ 89.875 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
`` I do n't know what it means over the long run , but for the short term , it appears that gold producers are grateful for the $ 10 or so that gold has risen over the past week or so , '' he said . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
There is demand for state-of-the-art machine tools in the Soviet Union and in other Eastern European countries as those nations strive to improve the efficiency of their ailing factories as well as the quality of their goods . 
Mr. Sagan compares the importance of Steppenwolf with Orson Welles 's Mercury Theater in the '30s . 
If an author quotes `` more than minimal amounts '' of unpublished copyrighted materials , as the Salinger decision had it , `` he deserves to be enjoined . '' 
`` The employment report is going to be difficult to interpret , '' said Michael Englund , economist with MMS International , a unit of McGraw-Hill Inc. , New York . 
US Facilities Corp. said Robert J. Percival agreed to step down as vice chairman of the insurance holding company . 
`` They 're maintaining their attitude toward investing , which has leaned toward the conservative recently . '' 
Last year a gunner shot a whooper by mistake thinking that it was a snow goose . 
Ford , which already has an unwelcome 13.2 % holding , is prepared to bid for the entire company and had lobbied the government to lift the takeover restrictions early . 
Goldman Sachs 's Mr. Einhorn , for one , subscribes to that scenario . 
`` I will sit down and talk some of the problems out , but take on the political system ? Uh-uh , '' he says with a shake of the head . 
He believes the tax code encourages the use of debt instead of stock and may fuel leveraged buy-outs , an area the SEC does n't regulate directly but one where it wields influence both on Wall Street and in Congress . 
Now there are 23 . 
Baxter International Inc. , citing cost-cutting moves and increased sales of its home-care products and dialysis treatments , posted a 20 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 5.9 % sales boost . 
The more we think about it , the more we suspect Mr. Brady does indeed have enough power where he already is . 
The House version of the bill does include the tax cut . 
Potential bondholders will either look for greater equity participation on behalf of management , or insist the equity component of the deals be substantially greater than in the past . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery jumped $ 3.20 to $ 370.20 an ounce . 
Quotron Systems Inc. , a Citicorp unit , blamed the 30-minute foul-up on `` a timing problem in our software '' caused by the enormous early volume -- about 145 million shares in the first hour of New York Stock Exchange trading . 
To transfer information from one to the other , employees make printouts and enter the data manually . 
This past summer , investors ' appetite for municipal bonds seemed insatiable . 
No major booms , no major setbacks , '' he predicts . 
Bankers say , however , that the government may have difficulty selling the institution even without a floor price . 
The consequences of building empires with sand are showing up . 
PaineWebber repeated a buy recommendation on the stock and raised its 1990 earnings estimate by 35 cents a share , to $ 5.10 . 
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Falcon closed at $ 20 , unchanged . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters refuse to concede that they may have made a tactical error in accepting the Sony offer before taking it up with Warner . 
The thrift announced the plan Aug. 21 . 
According to a detailed report by Zbigniew Bochniarz of the University of Minnesota 's Hubert Humphrey Institute , 27 areas containing a third of Poland 's population are regarded as `` ecological hazards '' due to multiple violations of standards . 
Hence copious amounts of gratuitous sex , violence and gutter language are included as a crutch . 
The West German national air carrier said cargo volume jumped 12 % to 638,000 metric tons from 569,000 tons a year ago . 
Those credits result because of taxes that Farmers , as the management company , has paid , and have `` proved to be very important for the exchanges , '' a Farmers spokesman said . 
That 's a significant change from earlier this year when the plant worked substantial overtime only to have sales fall short of the company 's bullish expectations . 
The proposals , from suitors including Interpublic Group , come as the London-based ad giant struggles through its most difficult period ever . 
It will include Messrs. Schwarz and Maurer . 
Treasury Securities 
Many of the companies are even dropping their traditional independence and trying to band together to create some sort of standard . 
Millions of refugees would rush home . 
Analysts agree there is little holding sterling firm at the moment other than Mr. Lawson 's promise that rates will be pushed higher if necessary . 
After 78 days of mind-numbing testimony in federal court in Boston , the trial is being all but ignored by analysts and patent attorneys . 
( Some exchange wags call the building `` the oil rig . '' ) 
Both of Dr. Baltimore 's public faces have been on view the past few weeks while he was under consideration to succeed Joshua Lederberg as head of the prestigious Rockefeller research institution . 
`` Ten years ago , a physician would go to a town and take out a loan ( to start a practice ) , '' says James Merritt , president of Merritt , Hawkins & Associates , an Irvine , Calif. , physician recruiter that conducted the survey . 
Japanese domestic motor-vehicle sales rose 12 % in September , the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said earlier this month . 
Laurance V. Allen , 44 , who had been director for North America , resigned to pursue other business interests and do some consulting . 
Arthur Andersen , the accounting firm , has increased its energy staff 10 % in a year . 
Chubb , whose net income for the quarter exceeded most analysts ' expectations , rallied 3 3\/4 to 86 1\/2 . 
`` We know how to get from capitalism to socialism , '' Sergiusz Niciporuk is saying one afternoon . 
Paul H. Aloe , an attorney for Odeon owner Keith McNally , denied the allegations . 
They have all `` very clearly stated that they have not acquired and are not acquiring shares of AG , '' he said . 
Ciba-Geigy intends to develop the Ciba Corning unit into a `` substantial business , '' making the unit an `` integral part '' of Ciba-Geigy 's `` comprehensive disease management concept . 
Nokia said it will gain control over NKF Kabel by buying 51 % of the shares in NKF Holding N.V. , which owns NKF Kabel . 
Among bigger stocks , the Nasdaq 100 Index rose 1 % , or 4.56 , to 453.05 , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.2 % . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
American Brands `` just had a different approach , '' Mr. Wathen says . 
`` That 's put some oomph back into this market , '' said Peter VandenBerg , a vice president of equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
Burger King 's chief executive officer , Barry Gibbons , stars in ads saying that the fast-food chain will donate 25 cents to the Red Cross for every purchase of a BK Doubles hamburger . 
Mr. Lippens said the volume of shares changing hands has grown significantly since mid-September . 
There is an element of make-work involved . 
The Office of Management and Budget has begun looking into legislation to provide more funds for earthquake repairs . 
Not a lot was needed to be done . 
Revenue declined $ 518 million , to $ 13.63 billion . 
`` I 'm sure they 'll formulate a reform that will be a recipe for the GDR 's future as a separately identifiable state , '' says Michael Simmons , a British journalist whose book on East Germany , entitled `` The Unloved Country , '' was published this month . 
So she has agreed to forgo monetary damages against Mr. Alexander 's client in return for the right to punch the attorney . 
She said a more aggressive move was n't needed . 
In the past , not only would reputable professionals have rushed to check out such rumors with the company , but companies listed on the major stock exchanges were encouraged by the exchanges to respond openly to such inquiries from securities analysts . 
The company is an independent refined-petroleum-products pipeline serving six Western states . 
Authorities in Algeria said the toll from two earthquakes Sunday had reached at least 30 dead and about 250 injured . 
Mr. Lothson of PaineWebber said the company 's sales pace has been picking up largely because the effect of unfavorable exchange rates has been easing -- a pattern continuing this quarter . 
Perhaps its loud signal may generate some awareness of the Soviet condominium being created in the isthmus thanks to U.S. default . 
This is the same production already seen in Paris and Florence , and its scenic ideas echo the movie he made with Placido Domingo and Teresa Stratas . 
Brooks Brothers , which Marks bought last year , saw operating profit drop in half to # 5 million . 
Business and civic operations lurched back toward normalcy here as congressional officials estimated that the price tag for emergency assistance to earthquake-ravaged California would total at least $ 2.5 billion . 
Some adjusters , like Alan Singer of San Diego , had been working in Charleston for nearly four weeks . 
About 20,000 years ago the last ice age ended . 
Volume totaled 132.1 million shares , which is about average for the year . 
The scientists say that since breast cancer often strikes multiple members of certain families , the gene , when inherited in a damaged form , may predispose women to the cancer . 
b - Week ended Wednesday , October 25 , 1989 and Wednesday October 18 , 1989 . 
Princeton\/Newport investors , including McKinsey & Co. and the Harvard endowment , made the rational decision to withdraw their money ; for the firm , the liquidation was sentence first , verdict later . 
A federal judge in Manhattan threw out the indictment , finding that the seven-year delay violated the defendant 's constitutional right to a speedy trial . 
The consolidation is expected to save $ 1 million a year in administrative costs , a Great American spokesman said . 
The gathering is expected to focus on curbing the fouling of rivers and lakes , limiting damage from industrial accidents and improving the handling of harmful chemicals . 
And the Columbia , Md. , company may have to settle for a lower price , he adds . 
The diversified electronics company blamed the decline in the quarter ended Sept. 29 , on previously reported operating problems in its Electron Devices & Systems Group . 
STOCKS AND BONDS SURGED on the second anniversary of Black Monday as a favorable inflation report prompted speculation of lower interest rates . 
Kyushu Electric Power Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of 8 7\/8 % bonds due Nov. 28 , 1996 , priced at 101 7\/8 to yield 8 7\/8 % less full fees , via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd . 
Or the zero-coupon bonds turn out not to have been discounted deeply enough to pay your kid 's tuition . 
K mart Corp. Chairman Joseph E. Antonini summed up his outlook for the Christmas season as `` not troublesome . '' 
`` The market will have to look for a new theme now and that theme will be a return to growth , '' declares Mary Farrell , a PaineWebber analyst . 
AFTERSHOCKS RATTLED Northern California amid an earthquake cleanup . 
`` I would be the first to admit that there is not a complete consensus in the scientific community on either one of these problems , '' says Mr. Teagan . 
John Sculley , chairman and chief executive officer , credited the Macintosh SE\/30 and IIcx computers , introduced in the winter , for the brightened sales performance . 
The market planning and sales promotion office of Nomura Securities Co. , for example , has more than 30 computers for its 60 workers , a respectable ratio . 
`` But once Perlman started playing , I did n't give a damn about basketball ... . 
We even invited the public to stop by and see the program , but there was n't much interest . '' 
The ground shakes underneath her . 
Pre-refunded bonds are called at their earliest call date with the escrowed proceeds of another bond issue . 
The company 's decision was made after First Hospital failed to obtain financing for its offer . 
Mr. Pearce says law firms with the best chance of retaining or winning business with GM will be those providing the highest-quality service at the best cost -- echoing similar directives from GM 's auto operations to suppliers . 
Kitchen full of broken crystal . 
Federal Express goes further in this respect than any company I know of with both Frederick Smith and James Barksdale , chief executive and chief operating officer , respectively , sitting in on the Appeals Board almost every Tuesday to decide cases . 
After the market closed Tuesday , the American Petroleum Institute had reported that crude stocks increased by 5.7 million barrels in the week ended Friday , which traders viewed as bearish . 
But the first quarter of the year is generally the weakest and OPEC production does n't seem to be slackening in anticipation of that . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
W.R. Grace & Co. , New York , said its earnings for the third quarter nearly doubled as a result of a $ 114.4 million pre-tax gain from restructuring its energy operations and other adjustments . 
First Meridian and its officials are currently under investigation for possible criminal wrongdoing , according to a spokeswoman for the attorney general . 
`` I think he is trying to improperly influence a witness , and by God I 'm not going to tolerate it , '' he says . 
Says director George Miller ( `` Mad Max '' ) : `` I think the Tokyo festival may become known as a major attraction for young directors because of the money as well as the recognition . '' 
Conference committees are breeding grounds for mischief . 
It 's hard to generalize , but age seems to be the best predictor . 
`` We are still looking , '' said a Deutsche Bank spokesman . 
And when Mr. Engelken 's sister , Martha , who was born two days before the home run , reached her 25th birthday , Mr. Engelken wrote his sports hero to tell him of the coincidence of events . 
However , David Threlkeld , president of Threlkeld & Co. , an international metals company , noted that so far this year copper consumption is way ahead of the same period of 1988 , and that projected production is below last year . 
Bids totaling $ 425 million were submitted . 
He notes that , as a lawmaker from the San Francisco area , he fights each year to preserve federal funds for the Bay Area Rapid Transit system . 
Different tactics are called for , as losing money becomes easier and making money becomes tougher . 
The move was interpreted by some economists as a sign that the Fed does n't want the federal funds rate to move any lower than the 8 3\/4 % at which it has been hovering around during the past week . 
The company said in a statement that `` demand for IBM products and services continues to be good world-wide . 
From the parts of the transcript read by Mr. Lang , it was unclear what exactly Mr. Lorin feared might happen . 
Any raider would find it hard to crack AG 's battlements . 
And foreign creditors are likely to be more cautious about extending new loans because China is nearing a peak repayment period as many loans start falling due in the next two to five years . 
Despite the inflation news , several Fed officials still fear consumer-price pressures will intensify because they insist the economy is stronger than generally believed . 
Last summer , Sears appeared to have a deal with Canadian developer Olympia & York Developments Ltd . 
What 's more , Mr. Lang says he has what all publishers wish for : a bona fide niche . 
In his letter to Committee Chairman Glenn Anderson ( D. , Calif. ) , the secretary also said the bill `` would be at odds with the administration 's policies welcoming open foreign investment and market allocation of resources . '' 
In his lifetime , 47 years , the Communists brought electricity to his village and piped in drinking water from the reservoir . 
`` What seem to be interpreted as great conflicts are relatively minor issues of tactics , '' he said . 
North Carolinians , New Yorkers , Californians , Chicagoans and Ohioans own Texas banks . 
The offering used at-market pricing . 
Though Judge Keenan threw out most of Mrs. Marcos 's objections , he agreed with one of her concerns : that turning over the foreign documents could violate the defendant 's constitutional right against self-incrimination . 
The two-thirds who have n't tried to make their portfolios more recession-resistant were split about evenly between investors who `` do n't believe in trying to predict the markets '' ( about 31 % ) and investors who `` do n't expect a recession '' ( about 15 % ) or are `` unsure if and when a recession might come '' ( about 22 % ) . 
Guests bring movies on tape , and show their favorite three-to-five minute segments on the screen that unrolls from the ceiling of the Volokhs ' art-nouveau library ( `` the pleasure dome '' ) . 
September 's Hang Seng Consumer Price Index , which measures price changes for the 10 % of urban households spending HK$ 10,000 and HK$ 24,999 a month , was up 11 % from a year ago and up 1.3 % from August . 
Another anti-Turkish hook is the Islamic faith of the majority of the Turkish people : Turkey , we are told , is not a Christian nation ; its people simply wo n't fit in with the Western European Judeo-Christian tradition . 
National Semiconductor is getting ferroelectric technology from Krysalis Corp. in Albuquerque , N.M . 
First National Bank of Boston , for example , is offering certain new depositors an extra quarter of a percentage point on six-month and 12-month CDs . 
Sales of domestically made trucks also continued to be sluggish in mid-October , dropping 22.8 % to 94,543 from a year ago . 
But Mr. Schulte , the bondholders ' adviser , said Revco was dragging its feet in responding to the proposal . 
It also generates pieces of the missile shield called the Strategic Defense Initiative . 
They do indeed want their own nation . 
`` We have n't decided on a strategy yet , but we could become an independent producer depending on whether we 're the developer or just the supplier , '' says Theodore Stern , executive vice president of the company 's energy and utility systems group . 
The Big Three U.S. auto makers posted losses in their core North American automotive businesses for the third quarter , and expectations of continued slow vehicle sales and price wars are casting a pall over the fourth period . 
However , that figure could be revised , Financial Corp. said . 
-- Women working full-time earned 66 cents for every dollar earned by men , a penny more than in 1987 and seven cents more than in 1978 . 
The respondents were mildly optimistic about the economy and investment markets , but their collective judgments were a notch more sober than they were a year ago . 
On Wednesday , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. had to slash the size of Continental Airlines ' junk-bond offering to $ 71 million from $ 150 million . 
The first day 's business was 911 contracts ( each for 100 shares of one of the listed stocks ) . 
Even in Denenchofu , one of Tokyo 's richest neighborhoods , Mr. Morishita 's splashy brick manor -- one of some 10 houses he owns -- outshines the neighbors ' . 
Tokyu Department Store advanced 260 to 2410 . 
This Toronto closed-end fund cut the annual dividend on its Class A common shares to one Canadian cent from 10 Canadian cents . 
The reality is that Bank loans have been linked to policy improvements for 40 years . 
Ethyl said pretax profit from its insurance segment , excluding investment gains , rose 28 % in the latest quarter to $ 28.6 million from $ 22.4 million . 
`` But I would n't write off '' Sir James or other potential bidders . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday . 
Since 1979 , the number of motel rooms has fallen by 17,000 . 
At the first day of the House Banking Committee 's hearings last week , William Seidman , chairman of the Resolution Trust Corp. , the federal agency created to sell sick thrifts , said the agency is investigating whether Lincoln made illegal political contributions . 
The program has even been called upon to create `` safe '' white electoral districts in municipalities where whites are the minority . 
NASA said General Dynamics will launch CRRES using an Atlas 1 rocket . 
Nine-month per-share figures for 1989 reflect $ 12.9 million in preferred dividends that had no counterpart in the year-earlier quarter . 
It might be feared that even thinking about lower budgets will hurt national security because the door will be opened to opportunistic budget cutting by an irresponsible Congress . 
CBS is likely to spend whatever it takes to keep them . 
Until 1963 , it was good soil . 
In its home market , Nissan has grabbed attention with limited-production minicars featuring styling odd enough to be cute . 
To reduce it at the fund 's building , workers rubbed beeswax instead of polyurethane on the floors in the executive director 's office . 
{ A futures contract is an agreement to buy or sell a commodity or financial instrument at a set price on a specified date . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
`` But it 's like kicking your father in the pants . 
McGill , a Valparaiso , Ind. , ball-bearing manufacturer , had rebuffed BroadBeach 's proposal . 
`` We believe that there are numerous other candidates more qualified for this important position and we encourage you to give them your thorough consideration before making this key RTC appointment , '' the letter said . 
Mr. Pearce has shaken up GM 's legal staff by eliminating all titles and establishing several new functions , including a special-projects group that has made films on safety and drunk driving . 
One preliminary estimate put the retrofitting cost at as much as $ 50 million . 
The chips use materials , such as lead zirconate titanate , to form microscopic switches that retain their data without electricity . 
The White House said he plans to hold a series of private White House meetings , mostly with Senate Democrats , to try to persuade lawmakers to fall in line behind the tax cut . 
As the country 's new leader , Egon Krenz , prepared to travel to Moscow today for talks with Soviet leader Gorbachev , hundreds of thousands of East Germans massed in the streets of Leipzig , Halle and Schwerin to call for internal freedoms and the legalization of the New Forum opposition group . 
Masson has lost his case , but the defendants , and the profession to which they belong , have lost far more . '' 
Back at the Verwoerd house , Hendrik Sr. peers down over the shoulder of Hendrik Jr . 
In Missouri , those caught drinking and driving between the ages of 16 and 21 may have their licenses revoked for one year , while those 21 or older suffer only a 30-day suspension . 
But what about the debt burden ? 
`` It was the plunge that did n't happen , '' he says . 
Foreign Bonds 
This is not only because it kills the unborn , a job at which it actually is not outstandingly efficient , zapping only 50 % to 85 % of them depending on which study you read ( prostaglandin , taken in conjunction with the pill , boosts the rate to 95 % ) . 
The combined buying rallied the Dow into a small gain , before closing at a slight loss . 
`` You 're buying the S&P , and you always want to hold the cheapest form of it , '' he says . 
Mr. Robertson was also removed from the board of First National Bank of New Jersey-Salem County , another unit , and the Toms River bank . 
That would be a formula for ensuring even more FHA red ink . 
Among them are the shipbuilders , which had halved their shipyard work forces to cut costs during a prolonged slump in demand but now are capturing an increased share of the strengthening global market . 
New York Stock Exchange volume was 164,830,000 . 
The Securities and Exchange Board of India was set up earlier this year , along the lines of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , but New Delhi has n't pushed the legislation to make it operational . 
Elsewhere , stock prices were lower in Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam , Paris and Zurich . 
Also excluded will be investments in companies with `` significant '' business stemming from weapons manufacture , alcoholic beverages or tobacco . 
Lincoln 's treatment by former thrift regulators , in an agency disbanded by the new law , has proved embarrassing for five senators who received thousands of dollars in campaign contributions from Mr. Keating . 
The object is to capture profits from fleeting price discrepancies between the futures and options and the stocks themselves . 
The issue has also cost Federal management a lot of good will among its old pilots . 
Society Corp. , which is also a bank , agreed in June to buy Trustcorp for 12.4 million shares of stock with a market value of about $ 450 million . 
The portfolio unit of the French bank group Credit Lyonnais told stock market regulators that it bought 43,000 shares of Cie. de Navigation Mixte , apparently to help fend off an unwelcome takeover bid for the company . 
Winners outnumbered losers 645-293 , with 186 issues unchanged . 
This ministry has done nothing to correct the misunderstandings and misperceptions that are at the root of Japan 's deteriorating image . 
Dan Baldwin , managing director of high-yield investments at Chancellor Capital Management , said the Chicago & North Western offering was restructured in part because `` several large insurance buyers right now are demanding equity as part of the package . 
Dun & Bradstreet dropped 3\/4 to 51 1\/8 on 1.9 million shares on uncertainty about the company 's earnings prospects . 
Canadian Pacific and Soo Line tracks connect at two points in the West on the Canada-U.S. border and the two companies operate a very successful Chicago-Montreal rail service . 
The disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. and the failure of banks to deliver financing for a leveraged buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. has reverberated through some of the nation 's largest law firms . 
`` In my freshman year , my roommate was known as a party animal . 
In a typical year , up to 20 % of the work force goes to personnel specialists with complaints of unfair treatment . 
Combustion reported improved profits in its automation and control products businesses , and it narrowed its losses in its public sector and environmental segment . 
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two-year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York . 
But despite the acrimony between Mr. Ross and Mr. Yetnikoff , officials of the Time side of Time Warner have reportedly been increasingly interested in a settlement that might yield attractive business opportunities . 
The proposal now enters a 60-day comment period , after which the Treasury will propose final regulations , followed by another comment period . 
The nagging memory of one afternoon fourteen years ago drove Jim Gideon , a lean 36-year-old righthander to take a four-month leave from selling insurance in Texas to try out for Mr. Weaver 's team . 
Serial bonds , which all carry 7 % coupons , are priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7 % in 2000 . 
As an alternative , he said , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index . 
While investigations into lawyer misconduct will remain secret , the public will be notified once a formal complaint is filed against an attorney . 
Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate-beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income-tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts . 
But the meat-processing machines he picked up are 50 years old . 
Concerned with the increased availability of surveillance technology and heavier use of it , lawmakers have proposed laws addressing the issue . 
Baker 's art was jazz only by the widest stretch of the term . 
As previously reported , Helionetics emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy-law protection in February . 
A spokesman for Mr. Miles said he bought the shares because he felt they were `` a good investment . '' 
Crown Resources Corp. said it reached a definitive agreement to acquire the Gold Texas Resources Ltd. shares it does n't already own . 
Then as things got rougher , we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching the brick sidewalk under our feet oozing up and down , and the flowers waving in an eerie rhythm . 
Two directors of Pegasus Gold Inc. , a Spokane , Wash. , precious-metals mining firm , sold most of their holdings in the company Aug. 31 . 
Shoney 's Inc. said it will report a write-off of $ 2.5 million , or seven cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended yesterday . 
The average publicly offered commodity fund fell 4.2 % in September , largely because of the volatile markets in foreign currencies , according to Norwood Securities . 
Because Mr. Marcos died Sept. 28 , the privilege can no longer apply , the judge said . 
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence . 
Allan Meltzer , a Carnegie-Mellon University economist , noted that the Fed 's record included the longest , most sustained , peacetime inflation in our history , dating from either 1966 or 1967 to 1989 . 
General Motors Corp. has signaled that as many as five of its U.S. and Canadian plants may not survive the mid-1990s as it struggles to trim its excess vehicle-production capacity . 
Howard Bailit , a panel member and a vice president of Aetna Life & Casualty , said that utilization management will also do a better job of containing costs as it spreads to cover medical services delivered outside of hospitals . 
The sale , which had been expected , is part of KKR 's program to pay down $ 5 billion of a $ 6 billion bridge loan by February . 
`` It was a powerful point in my career , '' says the 31-year-old Mr. MacInnis , who has since taken out a $ 1 million liability policy for his business . 
The couple 's first dog , Homer , was named after the Great Event , though unwitting friends assumed he was the namesake of the poet . 
`` We caught him with his hands on our cookie jar , '' says former CIA Director Stansfield Turner . 
We do n't believe it . 
Ms. Atkins , whose Lloyd 's membership was a bonus from a former employer in 1981 , belongs to Mr. Nutting 's dissident group on the Outhwaite syndicate , which has been hard hit by asbestos reinsurance claims . 
In driftnet , or `` wall of death , '' fishing , fleets lay nets up to three miles long that trap almost everything in their path . 
Though Mrs. Thatcher has pulled through other crises , supporters wonder if her steely , autocratic ways are the right formula today . 
When it threatened to use this provision as the test for a line-item veto , Congress caved . 
literally . 
The only asset-backed deal larger than Ford 's was a $ 4 billion offering by General Motors Acceptance Corp. in 1986 . 
Mr. Schwartz is a business executive and writer in New York . 
Stephen A. Crane , 44 , senior vice president and chief financial and planning officer of the parent , was named president and chief executive of the brokerage group and the unit , succeeding Mr. Taylor . 
Despite intermittent rallies in the past few years , improvements in the supply-demand balance have n't managed to push silver prices into a higher range . 
While the Warren County congressman pursued an anti-government , anti-tax agenda in Washington , Gov. Kean was approving increased income and sales taxes at home and overseeing a near doubling in the size of New Jersey 's budget in his eight years in office . 
The cable and TV station company was an LBO of an LBO , a set of assets that were leveraged twice , enabling the blue-chip buy-out king Henry Kravis in 1987 to take more than $ 1 billion of cash out of the com - pany . 
Lights flickered on and off ; plaster dropped from the ceiling , the walls still shook and an evacuation alarm blared outside . 
Rodrigo Miranda , a local lawyer and human-rights monitor , recalls an intoxicated Noriega visiting prisoners in their cells at the 5th Zone Garrison headquarters in David , where he had his offices . 
The Pentagon 's strategists produce budgets that simply can not be executed because they assume a defense strategy depends only on goals and threats . 
Charles S. Mitchell , a vice president with Homart Development Co. , the real estate development subsidiary of Sears , Roebuck & Co. , was named president of Figgie Properties , a real estate development unit . 
`` The result may turn out to be a lot closer than people think . 
Buy-out offers for Maidenform are n't infrequent , says Executive Vice President David C. Masket , but they are n't taken very seriously . 
The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . 
He is also trying to get more stations in Mexico , where the Cowboys have a following , to pick up the games . 
Estimated volume was a very light one million ounces . 
Reds and yellows went about their business with a kind of measured grimness . 
Individual and Japanese participation in the auction was disappointing , according to dealers . 
Decent life in the inner cities wo n't be restored unless the government reclaims the streets from the drug gangs . 
But the kids with highly educated parents did 68 % less housework than those in less-educated families . 
Adults with AIDS have had access to AZT since FDA approved the drug 's usage for adults in March 1987 . 
Xtra said it recently bought back approximately 55,000 of its shares pursuant to its existing authorization to acquire as many as 650,000 shares . 
Final approval -- on a 64-35 roll call -- was never in doubt , but the opposition drew an unusual mix of senators , including Republicans Jesse Helms and Warren Rudman and Democrats Bill Bradley and John Glenn . 
One Colombian drug boss , upon hearing in 1987 that Gen. Noriega was negotiating with the U.S. to abandon his command for a comfortable exile , sent him a hand-sized mahogany coffin engraved with his name . 
But he added that individuals still are participating in the equity market indirectly through mutual funds and pension funds . 
The move is part of a drive to increase Colgate 's business with dentists , a company spokeswoman said . 
His crude device worked : The lower teeth gathered the leaves into a pile , while the higher , harder teeth moved the top of the pile . 
It freezes the budget at its current level , and forces the Pentagon to eat the effects of inflation until 1994 . 
Merksamer was the first in a series of retail acquisitions made by L.J. Hooker . 
Without such reforms , credit programs will continue to be a large-scale , high-risk proposition for taxpayers . 
But in spite of a wind-driven rainstorm , gridlock never materialized , mainly because the Bay Area Rapid Transit subway system carried 50 % more passengers than normal . 
Anthony J. Iaciofano , a lawyer for Burlington , said the company believes the Beebes ' symptoms were not related to the carpeting . 
However , since these centers appear to pay for themselves , there is nothing to prevent state and local governments from enacting legislation with similar provisions . 
`` In some places the stonework is so damaged it shows signs of breaking off , '' scientists and technicians said in a report to Public Works Minister Giovanni Prandini . 
In the Lilly case , the appeals court broadly construed a federal statute to grant Medtronic , a medical device manufacturer , an exemption to infringe a patent under certain circumstances . 
The stock traded as high as $ 10 this past summer . 
But the broader truth is more complicated -- and dismaying . 
Georgia-Pacific , which has suspended its stock-repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp . 
The most likely reason for this disparity is that the Bank of England was a private bank with substantial earning assets , and the common-law rights of creditors to collect claims against the bank were well established in Britain . 
Seagram Co. , which exports Four Roses bourbon , has such a link with Kirin Brewery Co . 
One of Dun & Bradstreet 's chief businesses is compiling reports that rate the credit-worthiness of millions of American companies . 
But its surprising progress so far holds important lessons for companies in trouble . 
Norwood , Mass.-based Phoenix , a once-high-flying maker of software for personal computers , has had substantial losses in the past two quarters . 
With the advantage of playing white ( which moves first ) , Mr. Kasparov followed up cleverly against the computer 's defense , a Queen 's Gambit Accepted . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Amoco 's domestic oil and natural gas operations recorded a profit of $ 104 million in the quarter compared with a loss of $ 5 million , `` primarily on the strength of higher crude oil prices , '' said Chairman Richard M. Morrow . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
In January , the Preti painting that now hangs at CenTrust was expected to bring no more than $ 700,000 at auction until Mr. Paul came along with his $ 1.15 million . 
The government 's primary economic-forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it is reviewing , with an eye toward a possible downgrade , the ratings on Bay View Federal bonds , long-term deposits and the preferred-stock rating of its parent company , Bay View Capital Corp . 
A waterworks official said Fujitsu will have to design the system so it would be compatible with other makers ' equipment . 
Unwilling to put up new money for New Zealand until those debts are repaid , most banks refused even to play administrative roles in the new financing , forcing an embarrassed Nomura to postpone it this week . 
Yet Mr. Rosen has turned the import phenomenon to his advantage . 
Mitsubishi Estate is one of the dozens of companies in today 's Mitsubishi group . 
In real life , jurors may not always work that way , but some court observers question why they should n't be encouraged to do so rather than be programmed not to . 
The market is drifting , at least partly , because of a lack of crop information out of Ghana and the Ivory Coast , the two largest African producers . 
I could see the flames from San Francisco from my house across the bay . 
Once they are in the building , they stay . 
Also , about 60 % of pachinko parlor owners are Korean , many of whom maintain close ties with North or South Korean residents ' organizations , and donations by such foreign groups are illegal in Japan . 
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice . 
Mr. Herman is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
Soon after the merger , moreover , Federal 's management asked Tiger 's pilots to sign an agreement stating that they could be fired any time , without cause or notice . 
Daffynition 
But he does say that all of his activities have been `` entirely proper . '' 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
One attraction for oil operators here and in other fields is the bargain-basement cost of drilling and equipment , reflecting service companies ' hunger for work . 
Some entrepreneurs are still active , though . 
If interest rates do n't change , bond fund investors ' returns will be about equal to the funds ' current yields . 
Many of these programs no longer exist , or have been severely cut back . 
The key will be whether Arizona real estate turns around or at least stabilizes , he said . 
Since the end of last year , junk bonds have been outperformed by all categories of investment-grade bonds , including ultra-safe Treasury securities . 
Thomas Jefferson sold Congress on the idea of the decimal system for currency , thus saving Americans the headaches of pounds , shillings and pence . 
The odds are against him , as he himself would no doubt tell you . 
In the year-ago quarter , the software developer reported pro forma earnings of $ 4.8 million , or 24 cents a share . 
In 1985 , Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi , in his talks with then Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme , imposed the condition that the contract have no middlemen . 
Lawyers and their clients who frequently bring business to a country courthouse can expect to appear before the same judge year after year . 
Unit volume , or amount of products shipped , rose about 11 % in the international segment , with P&G continuing to win market share in Japan 's diaper and detergent markets . 
Those investors think SCI TV needs new equity to survive . 
Westinghouse 's own role as a supplier also is changing . 
Most recently , she has become the publisher of Movieline , a four-year-old Los Angeles magazine that began national distribution last month , with an initial press run of 100,000 copies . 
Those duties had been held by Van Pell , 44 , who resigned as an executive vice president . 
So far , Mr. Paul has unloaded but three of his masterpieces , he wo n't say to whom . 
In a labor-intensive process , the seed companies cut off the tassels of each plant , making it male sterile . 
For instance , it releases Mr. Sisulu without conditions , yet his son , Zwelakhe , a newspaper editor , is restricted to his home much of the day and is n't allowed to work as a journalist . 
The Canadian government plans to auction on Tuesday 750 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 639.9 million ) of 9.25 % bonds due Dec. 1 , 1999 , the Finance Department said . 
New entitlements tend to grow , creating a rationale for new taxes . 
It is the stuff of dreams , but also of traumas . 
ABBIE ( cont'd. ) : `` I 'll always be with you , Jack . 
`` With E-mail , you do n't have the visual clues of paper , '' says Mr. Tarter , the editor of SoftLetter . 
Park Tower General Counsel Matthew Mayer said the development team will have to review two additional lawsuits before putting up a $ 155 million letter of credit to cover condemnation costs . 
Lead underwriter to the issue is Toronto Dominion Securities Inc . 
A little more care in re-creating Marlowe 's universe would have made the book that much more enjoyable . 
Fees from syndicating loans dropped 48 % , to $ 21 million . 
Merieux officials are expected to meet with federal officials in Ottawa today to discuss the decision . 
She thinks the next area of support for copper is in the $ 1.09 to $ 1.10 range . 
The sell-off in New York City bonds was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainty in view of the impending mayoral election . 
If a president had a line-item veto and wanted to force him to support a controversial foreign-policy initiative , Rep. Edwards says , the president could call and declare that he would single-handedly kill the BART funds unless the congressman `` shapes up '' on the foreign-policy issue . 
His 1988 salary was $ 575,000 , with a $ 575,000 bonus . 
The market during the start-up is estimated at 25,000 subscribers . 
A former executive agreed that the departures do n't reflect major problems , adding : `` If you see any company that grows as fast as Reebok did , it is going to have people coming and going . '' 
No single bill this year includes more discretionary spending for domestic programs and , apart from the space station , the measure incorporates far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
Despite the buy-out group 's failure to obtain financing , UAL remains obligated to pay $ 26.7 million in investment banking and legal fees to the group 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. , Salomon Brothers Inc. , and Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
Key to the issue is that the bikes , in skillful hands , can go virtually anywhere , and in reckless hands can become vehicles of terror . 
He added that Eurocom and WCRS had agreed to provide a development fund of # 100 million for acquisitions . 
RMI Titanium is owned jointly by USX and Quantum Chemical Corp . 
The amendment is aimed at skirting a Supreme Court ruling that threw out the conviction of a Texas flag-burner on grounds that his freedom of speech was violated . 
Clairol , which makes hair and skin products , was a division of Bristol-Myers Co. before that company 's merger with Squibb Corp . 
He joined the firm in 1963 and bought it from the owners the next year . 
Old Stone fell 1 5\/8 to 13 1\/2 . 
An A.P. Green official declined to comment on the filing . 
At the core of all this stands a hotel . 
No one in the Senate is considering the capital-gains plan passed by the House . 
Alusuisse of America Inc. plans to sell its Consolidated Aluminum Corp. subsidiary as part of its strategy to focus more on aluminum packaging in the U.S. . 
Gen. Gromov himself said Soviet troops expected to leave behind more than $ 1 billion of military equipment and installations for the Kabul regime . 
And , `` more importantly , '' he says , `` the debt burden measured other ways is not really in uncharted waters . '' 
But opponents fear overcrowding . 
The three existing plants and their land will be sold . 
Economists said greatly increased consumer optimism , a larger money supply and higher stock prices helped lift the index . 
Gold , a closely watched barometer of investor anxiety , was little changed . 
Reform starts in the Pentagon . 
`` You could still have some very bad times ahead , '' said Mr. Bachmann . 
She called her daughter to take her to the bank , who , in turn , persuaded her husband , a Mr. Loeb , to run this errand . 
`` What { the report } shows is everything we 've been saying for the past eight or nine years -- that audio taping is the best thing to happen for the recording industry . 
Doman said it was also granted an option to acquire the remaining 44 % interest in Western Forest , which is currently held by two Canadian banks . 
Tax-loss sellers , those investors who sell loss-making stocks so they can deduct their losses from this year 's income , are also getting out , Mr. Mills said . 
`` This is a very personal , ethnic style , '' Mr. Carew says . `` 
Sen. Cranston , as he returned to the capital last week from a one-day trip to inspect earthquake damage in San Francisco , sighed to an aide : `` Well , back to Keatingland . 
`` It 's like an oasis in this room , '' Ms. Foster purrs . 
NAS is National Advanced Systems , CDC -- Control Data Corp. , Bull NH Information Systems Inc . 
After the three members of the court introduced themselves , the chairman of the panel said : `` Go ahead and tell us what happened . 
Ernst & Young said Eastern 's plans will miss its projections of earnings before interest , tax and depreciation by $ 100 million , and that Eastern 's plan presented no comfort level , according to a source present at yesterday 's session . 
Aid was also the gist of the talks Sen. Dodd had with Salvadoran President Alfredo Cristiani ; Mr. Cristiani 's government is very much at the mercy of U.S. largess and is forced to listen very carefully to Sen. Dodd 's likes and dislikes . 
`` We do n't want to be known as ambulance chasers , '' says William Garrison , Lake View 's president . 
If corporate bonds are bad in recessions , junk bonds are likely to be the worst of all . 
On the plus side , Genentech is benefiting from a lower tax rate due to its research outlays , giving a boost to earnings , she said . 
The latest results include a $ 2.6 million one-time payment from a `` foreign entity . '' 
The current president and chief operating officer , J. Odell Johnson , was elected to the new position of vice chairman of the board . 
`` We 've had a good relationship with GE , which is the first time you could say that -- uh , let me withdraw that . 
The account had been at Della Femina McNamee WCRS , New York . 
The penthouse elevator started up from the Gutfreund landing , and Susan Gutfreund used to turn off its light , to give the impression that there was no higher floor . 
The auto-dealer strip in this booming suburb runs nearly five miles along Cobb Parkway , stretching from the Perimeter highway that circles Atlanta to the `` Big Chicken , '' a pullet-roofed fast-food restaurant and local landmark . 
Unfortunately , they are in the minority . 
Municipal Issues 
This film attempts to show a side rarely seen in our media . 
I 've got limited production , and I ca n't give it to underperformers . '' 
WHY SHOULD the Japanese cross the Pacific to buy American real estate when they can simply recreate it at home ? 
As he handed over the reins to successor Charles A. Corry , steel profits were close to a cyclical peak . 
A sentencing date has n't been set . 
U.S. . AND BRITISH LAW FIRMS announce rare joint venture in Tokyo . 
Visitors are ushered into the premises by red-frocked doormen known as waiters , a reminder of the insurance market 's origins in a coffeehouse in 17th century London . 
Declines came because of concern that demand for copper may slow down . 
Here is a summary of the Federal Reserve Board 's report on industrial production in September . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond , which jumped 3\/8 point , or about $ 3.75 for each $ 1,000 face amount , during the first hour of trading , ended little changed . 
Eliminating the earnings limit would greatly help seniors and reduce the deficit . 
It is also planning another night of original series . 
BAY AREA COMMUTERS BATTLED earthquake-related transportation snarls . 
This puts upon enforcers the burden of proving outright fraud or misrepresentation , and such actions have been brought against hundreds of charities recently . 
In an interview , Mr. Thomson , who is married and has three grown children , says he has few ties to baseball these days , other than playing old-timers games now and again . 
Amerada Hess Corp. and Occidental Petroleum Corp. reported higher earnings . 
As part of the agreement , Cilcorp said it will pay Hunter $ 4 million in exchange for agreements not to compete . 
Roger L. Sutton , executive vice president , was appointed as the new president and chief operating officer . 
Labor costs , which leveled off in the past few years because of lower pay scales for newer employees , are on the upswing again at many carriers . 
The banks said they do n't expect the merger to face any regulatory hurdles . 
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center-right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 . 
The State Department said it has n't yet seen copies of those papers . 
But they must also assign a price to each of these items as well as to floors , wallcoverings , roofing and siding , to come up with a total value for a house . 
Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole ( R. , Kan. ) , for one , accepts this argument and earlier this year publicly urged Mr. Bush `` to use the line-item veto and allow the courts to decide whether or not it is constitutional . '' 
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . '' 
The stock market correction of Oct. 13 , 1989 , was a grim reminder of the Oct. 19 , 1987 market collapse . 
During the quarter , Pfizer received federal approval of Procardia XL , a calcium channel blocker approved for both angina and hypertension , and Monorail Piccolino , used to open obstructed coronary arteries . 
Merrill Lynch lowered its short-term rating on the stock and its estimate of 1990 earnings , citing a sales slowdown in the company 's credit-rating business . 
There 's an equally pressing deadline for the government to define its monetary and economic ties to the rest of the European Community . 
Oil ministers now hope to solve the issue for good through an Iranian proposal that gives a larger share of output to countries with surplus capacity and reduces the shares of those that ca n't produce more anyway . 
The Citizens Coalition for Economic Justice , a public-interest group leading the charge for radical reform , wants restrictions on landholdings , high taxation of capital gains , and drastic revamping of the value-assessment system on which property taxes are based . 
Where do Americans put their money ? 
The owner , who begs anonymity , asserts that the dwarf , appearing as a dark shadow , has manhandled her , tossing her around the living room and yanking out a hank of hair . 
In an interview with the Washington Post in early October , the secretary said the Fed may be slightly more interested in curbing inflation than the administration is , while the administration may put slightly more emphasis on spurring economic growth . 
Our quake behaved much like the Mexico City earthquake , where great damage was miles from the epicenter . '' 
Profit at the unit fell to $ 110.6 million , or 37 cents a share , from $ 142.4 million , or 45 cents a share , largely because of a $ 24 million one-time charge associated with Hughes 's previously announced plan to reduce employment by at least 6,000 people by year end . 
`` There is no violation of the capitalistic principle of private property in what we are doing , '' says Lee Kyu Hwang , director of the government 's Land Bureau , which drafted the bills . 
\* Newly industrialized countries : Singapore , Hong Kong , Taiwan , South Korea 
Details about its size and cost have n't yet been determined . 
His board members alone have pledged $ 800,000 and he is just beginning to massage local foundations and corporations . 
Comprehensive Care Corp. , which has agreed to be acquired by closely held First Hospital Corp. , reported a $ 4.7 million loss for its Aug. 31 first quarter and said it is negotiating an extension of senior bank debt past its Oct. 18 due date . 
In the year-earlier period , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share . 
`` They got a transaction that 's good for both companies . '' 
This can be thought of as a pessimistic prediction , perhaps driven by the sequestering effects of the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law or possibly a relaxation of tensions with the Soviet Union . 
If All Else Fails ... . 
The 31-year-old homemaker adds , `` The only other thing I 'm really loyal to is my Virginia Slims cigarettes . 
But such caution is no guarantee against mistakes . 
So term insurance may not be as cheap as it looks . 
ABC had based its budget for baseball on a six-game Series . 
Sales rose 8.2 % to $ 848.7 million from $ 784.5 million . 
`` There was no loan , there is no loan , there never shall be a loan , '' the judge wrote the bank on his judicial stationery , according to the report . 
Itel bought a 17 % stake in Sante Fe Pacific last year and Olympia & York later purchased about a 20 % stake ; they would have interests in the new realty company in line with their holdings in Sante Fe Pacific . 
Mr. Guber , in his affidavit , says that when he advised Warner President Terry Semel of the Sony offer at lunch on Sept. 25 , Mr. Semel `` hugged and congratulated me , and expressed joy that we had finally realized our long-term ambition of running and having an equity position in a major entertainment company . '' 
Now , the threat of further restrictions adds a new dimension , bringing an upsurge in political activity by abortion-rights forces . 
Apple Computer Inc. posted improved fiscal fourth-quarter profit due largely to a $ 48 million gain on the sale of its stock in Adobe Systems Inc . 
Poughkeepsie also expects to post a one-time charge of $ 8.3 million , resulting in a net loss for the third quarter . 
First City , which recently purchased three small Texas banking concerns , said it would use the proceeds to pursue additional expansion opportunities in the Southwest and elsewhere . 
As a result , while any one customer may purchase immediacy by selling to a market maker ( which is micro-liquidity for the investor ) , the market as a whole remains in the same circumstances it was before the transaction : The unwanted position is still an unwanted position ; only the identity of the seller has changed . 
I find it very difficult to say that . 
Biotechnology issues were strong . 
Journalists and their families are constantly threatened as are the newspaper distribution outlets . 
All of a sudden , it was back to square one . 
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % . 
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } . 
Like Hollywood 's Ghostbusters , Kentucky 's stand ready to roll when haunts get out of hand . 
Even as Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. scrambled to line up bank financing for a revised version of the lapsed labor-management bid , British Airways , a 15 % partner in the buying group , indicated it wants to start from scratch . 
Thanks to a new air-traffic agreement and the ability of Irish travel agents to issue Aeroflot tickets , tourists here are taking advantage of Aeroflot 's reasonable prices to board flights in Shannon for holidays in Havana , Kingston and Mexico City . 
Mr. de la Bouillaire says Warner Brothers production president Mark Canton called him Oct. 19 and said Mr. Peters is `` off the picture . 
Net income fell 37 % to $ 32.9 million , or 30 cents a share , from $ 52.2 million , or 48 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
Fueling the growth , among other things , were higher-than-expected prices for certain building products . 
The dollar was mixed . 
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view . 
Government statistics in fact show that the profit rate -- net pretax profits divided by capital stock -- peaked in 1965 at 17.2 % . 
But Gov. Deukmejian and others are reluctant to do anything to harm the state 's chances of sharply raising gasoline taxes on a permanent basis . 
The departing Mr. Cathcart says he has no worries about Kidder 's future . 
In late afternoon New York trading , the dollar was at 1.8415 marks and 142.85 yen compared with 1.8340 marks and 141.90 yen late Monday . 
Apparel prices rocketed up 1.7 % , but that was after three months of declines . 
The bankruptcy filing , the government has charged in a $ 1.1 billion civil lawsuit , was part of a pattern to shift insured deposits to the parent company , which used the deposits as a cache for real-estate deals . 
In Europe , the dollar closed slightly up in a market dominated by cross trades . 
Congress would then need the usual two-thirds majority to override any veto . 
But whether the pilots can team up with their longtime adversaries , the machinists , is another question . 
At least 10 states are resisting Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. 's nationwide effort to settle its legal troubles , and some might instead try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities within their borders . 
`` We view it as a good long-term investment , '' the spokesman said . 
In May 1986 , Dr. Blumenfeld gave Merrill Lynch & Co. about $ 40,000 for a federally insured certificate of deposit offering an effective yield of more than 9 % . 
Other countries , including West Germany , may have a hard time justifying continued membership . 
-- The junk bonds of RJR Nabisco Inc. rallied Friday on news that the company is selling its candy bar brands to Nestle Foods Corp. for $ 370 million . 
Senator Sasser of Tennessee is chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee on military construction ; Mr. Bush 's $ 87 million request for Tennessee increased to $ 109 million . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.50 % 30 days ; 8.32 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.16 % 120 days ; 8.05 % 150 days ; 7.96 % 180 days . 
Lotus Development Corp. is in talks to sell its Signal stock-quote service to Infotechnology Inc. , the New York parent of Financial News Network , people familiar with the negotiations said . 
Market participants say investors are not only licking their wounds following the turbulence last week , but they have also been made nervous by two events in West Germany . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 10 classes by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Terms were n't disclosed for the plant , which will have annual capacity of 600,000 tons . 
Richard Firestone , chief of the FCC 's common-carrier bureau , said he expected the agency to propose new rules next year . 
Integrated Resources Inc. , the troubled financial-services company that has been trying to sell its core companies to restructure debt , said talks with a potential buyer ended . 
Lionel Corp. 's board unanimously rejected a tender offer of $ 8 a share , or $ 95.4 million , for as much as 90 % of Lionel by a group with a 9.9 % stake in the toy retailer . 
\* Principal amount 
Friday 's 44-cent-a-barrel price drop to $ 19.98 in the expiring November contract for West Texas Intermediate crude may well set the tone for trading this week in petroleum futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange . 
The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
A spokeswoman said the company will finance the buy-back with cash on hand , borrowing and `` cash Norfolk expects to generate . '' 
But Charlie Howley , vice president in charge of OTC trading at SoundView Financial in Stamford , Conn. , said the selling was orderly . 
A disaster-contingency plan in which the Los Angeles Fed would come to San Francisco 's aid was n't needed , he adds . 
For the week , the industrial average gained 119.88 points , or 4.7 % , the biggest weekly point advance ever and a better than 50 % rebound from the 190.58 point loss the industrial average logged Oct. 13 . 
Replacing the cathode-ray tube with a large , thin screen is the key to the creation of a high-definition television , or HDTV , which is expected to become a $ 30 billion business world-wide within a decade . 
Mr. M'Bow was an extreme case , but even his replacement , the more personally genial Spanish biochemist Federico Mayor , has had little success at achieving reforms . 
And if a user is busy , `` he can set it for crisis mode : ` Do n't bother me with reports until Monday . ' '' 
At first , we were unfazed . 
`` You ca n't say it 's a `` tsunami '' ( tidal wave ) , but we 're making some headway , '' says Fannie Mae 's chairman , David O. Maxwell , who visits Tokyo at least once a year to explain and drum up investor interest in mortgage securities . 
Mr. Jath is thinking of passing up psyllium altogether this year in favor of a crop with a future such as cumin or fennel . 
Posix is one of three or four versions of UNIX , but it is increasingly required by the federal government as it tries to standardize its computer systems . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.46 billion . 
Lotus said net rose to $ 23 million , or 54 cents a share , on sales of $ 153.9 million . 
Managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks headed by First Boston Corp. and co-managed by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Morgan Stanley & Co. , and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Doman is based in Duncan , British Columbia . 
Tokyo stocks posted a second-consecutive loss Monday , while trading in Frankfurt , West Germany , was mixed . 
The prime minister of Aruba has said it could cost around $ 100 million . 
Mips Computer Systems Inc. today will unveil a new general-purpose computer that will compete with more expensive machines from companies such as Sun Microsystems Inc. and Digital Equipment Corp . 
Now , annual population growth is running at about 2 % a year , some desert tracts bought three years ago for $ 90,000 an acre are being sold at $ 25,000 an acre and Phoenix has a seven-year supply of unoccupied office space . 
`` The capital market is booming . '' 
The telecommunications , specialty glass , ceramic products and laboratory-services concern said the latest quarter included a tax-loss carry-forward of $ 600,000 . 
So next day Mr. Cheney went out and did just that : He canceled the 600-ship Navy and cut back one carrier and 20 frigates . 
And with the quiet pragmatism of Mr. Guzman Cabrera replacing the prickly populism of La Quina , government technocrats have been given a free hand to open the petrochemical sector to wider private and foreign investment . 
One can understand Mr. Bork 's fear that the new right to privacy will become intolerably stretched , though a Supreme Court composed of men and women with realism , guts and a sense of limits should be able to manage it . 
Let 's put it bluntly . 
The Marina rescue center offered a very San Franciscan response to the disaster . 
The Dow Jones industrials closed off 5.94 points , at 2653.28 . 
The Fed has plenty of responsibilities in times of market turmoil and in 1987 and again in 1989 it appears to have handled them well . 
The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home , education expenses and medical expenses . 
The Fed has been intervening in foreign currency markets , all right , but through August , at least , it appeared to be `` sterilizing '' the intervention . 
They then addressed the decidedly `` questionable safety of ... a complex garden of endless hiding places . 
Of course , the greater volatility of the younger couple 's portfolio does n't necessarily mean those investments are riskier in terms of meeting the holders ' long-term goals . 
Polly Peck , a fast-growing British conglomerate , will pay 15.6 billion yen ( $ 110 million ) for 39 million new shares of Sansui , a well-known maker of high-fidelity audio equipment that failed to adjust to changing market conditions . 
He is warm and polished before a Puerto Rican Congress in Asbury Park . 
Suppose an investor wants to sell a stock , but not for less than $ 55 . 
Federal Paper Board Co. said it completed the previously announced purchase of Imperial Cup Corp. , a closely held maker of paper cups based in Kenton , Ohio . 
He acknowledges that spreads `` were too wide and volumes too light '' in the extreme conditions on Manic Monday . 
Madison 's noble and unifying vision of the representative still can guide us . 
Leverage is never a problem for the traditional `` open end '' mutual funds , which are n't publicly traded and are n't allowed to use leverage at all . 
Because the ANC remains banned , both the government , which approved the rally , and the organizers , who orchestrated it , denied it was an ANC rally . 
They gleefully await the `` dream season '' in 1990 . 
Martin H. Ruby , a managing director of Capital Holding 's Accumulation and Investment Group , also resigned to pursue other business interests , Capital Holding said . 
In the year-ago period , net included $ 32.7 million from discontinued operations . 
Still , Mrs. Thatcher had once again gone against the grain . 
The 1980s have spawned an explosion of consumer choice in America , in everything from phone companies to colas . 
On a single day Inco lifted its offer to $ 38 and then to $ 41 , equal to $ 225.5 million . 
But any move by the banks to take over Qintex Australia 's management could threaten its ability to operate its national television network under Australian broadcast license rules . 
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named . 
The 321-99 roll call vote reflected broad support for the disaster assistance , but the cost to the Treasury is sure to aggravate budget pressures this year and next under the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law . 
The older generation has been torn between a fear of tampering with the status quo and a fear of what might happen if they did n't . 
Messrs. Baker and Bennett have been elected directors of Wachovia and Wachovia Bank & Trust filling vacant seats on both boards . 
Robertson , Stephens & Co. , a San Francisco investment banking concern , has a client that looked forward to making its initial public offering yesterday . 
WORLD ODDITIES come alive in a multimedia version of the Guinness Book of Records . 
Continental Air replaced its top executive for the sixth time in as many years . 
Amateur spy-chaser Clifford Stoll is a real person , or as he might waggishly put it , a surreal person . 
Nevertheless , Kodak could n't risk letting HDTV turn its motion-picture film business into a dinosaur . 
( Why in these movies is the unwed pregnant woman always from Ohio ? 
`` I do n't mind the competition inside the country , '' she says . 
The tribe is one of the poorest in the Pacific Northwest . 
The employees also said the project may have been snagged by budgetary concerns . 
Yesterday , the Dow Jones Industrial Average did a now familiar dance : It plunged 60.25 points before lunch , with most of the drop occurring in 25 minutes . 
Some may try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index eased 0.13 to 470.67 . 
British life insurer London & General , which firmed 2 pence to 356 pence ( $ 5.70 ) , and composite insurer Royal Insurance , which finished 13 lower at 475 , were featured in the talk . 
A lot of taxpayers out there are n't as paranoid as one might think . 
The goal would be to resolve disputes such as one prompted by the European Community 's current attempt to bar imports of beef from hormone-treated U.S. cattle . 
The latest period includes net gains of $ 32 million in non-recurring credits from the sale of properties , indicating operating losses for the quarter in the oil and gas division . 
The Soviet State Bank announced a 90 % devaluation of the ruble against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb the nation 's rapidly growing black market for hard currency . 
Sen. Bradley has it in his mind that such a tax cut would unravel the tax reform he helped engineer in 1986 . 
But it initially was funded with about $ 765 million and may soon face a cash crunch . 
The downgrade anticipates completion of the IMA Holdings acquisition today , Moody 's said . 
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . '' 
`` Nobody had the guts to complain . '' 
`` I 'm pretty confident I 'm catching everything , '' he says . 
In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , `` I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . '' 
Would-be naysayers should have the burden of proving reasonable necessity when they urge a prohibition for enactment into law . 
The company 's president quit suddenly . 
From the Sept. 30-Oct . 4 issue of The Economist : 
Most revisions it will propose will be geared toward slowing down program trading during stressful periods , said officials working with the exchange . 
But meanwhile , USAir is expected to show losses or lackluster profit for several quarters as it tries to digest Piedmont Airlines , which it acquired . 
Although a Finnish group has a minority interest in an already operating Moscow hotel , the Sheraton-Pan Am venture will be the first joint-venture hotels in the Soviet Union to have as much as 50 % foreign ownership . 
`` This action will continue to keep operating expenses in line '' with revenue , said J. David Hann , president and chief executive officer of Los Angeles-based Quotron . 
However , Mr. Steinhardt says he 's `` comfortable holding USAir as an investment . '' 
Its plan is set up as an independent agency . 
It turned out their children had been dialing a `` sex fantasy '' service in the U.S. . 
Another major firm has cut 6,000 workers , 13 % of its staff , since Black Monday . 
Ways and Means Chairman Rostenkowski backed a simplification plan in the pending House tax bill , but the plan turns out to be a big revenue loser . 
We have seen her develop within a few hours from a shy and unknown in-law to a goddess of the flesh who will replace the dead mother , and then some . 
Western Digital does n't make the monitors . 
Revenue from financial and real-estate services jumped 23 % to $ 177.4 million from $ 144.1 million a year ago . 
Revenue rose to $ 3.31 billion from $ 3.18 billion , mostly from acquisition of AGS Computers and robust non-regulated businesses . 
The agreements are with Security Pacific National Bank and an affiliate of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
But turn into the shopping center 's parking lot , and one could be in the safe , busy mall of a prosperous suburb . 
Like other major American cities , the San Francisco -- Oakland area owes its current prosperity more to its infrastructure of fiber-optic cables linking thousands of computer terminals and telephones than to its location astride one of the world 's great natural harbors . 
The solution , at least for some investors , may be a hedging technique that 's well known to players in the stock-options market . 
The California Democrat appeared embarrassed by provisions inserted on behalf of owners of private beaches in the Virgin Islands , and lumber interests sought to add another $ 100 million in federal aid to plant timber on private land in North and South Carolina . 
In a telephone interview Friday , Dr. Toseland said the number of sudden , unexplained deaths of diabetics he had seen this year was 17 compared with just two in 1985 . 
The notes can be redeemed starting in July 1991 . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the agreement `` an important step forward in the strengthened debt strategy , '' noting that it will `` when implemented , provide significant reduction in the level of debt and debt service owed by Costa Rica . '' 
She added that the company was considering bringing sanctions against Mr. Greenfield for making `` grossly inaccurate and unsupported allegations . 
The lawsuits stemmed from the development of cancer and other problems in the daughters of women who took the drug . 
`` They need to do something about this , '' said Maury Harris , economist at PaineWebber Group Inc . 
But Glenn Daily , a New York-based financial consultant , warns that many of these bonuses are `` just fantasies , '' because most are n't guaranteed by the companies . 
Each share of Eagle , based in Bristol , will become 0.95 share of Webster\/Eagle . 
Gasoline terminals were also largely unhurt , they said . 
`` This process should point out that it 's not going to be easy for a firm that 's convicted of a felony to immediately jump back into the retail business , '' Ms. Bryant said . 
Undeterred by such words of caution , corporate America is flocking to Moscow , lured by a huge untapped market and Mikhail Gorbachev 's attempt to overhaul the Soviet economy . 
`` They 're buying whatever 's cheaper . '' 
Even when new lending resumes , foreign exchange would still be tight because Beijing will likely try to rein in foreign borrowing , which has grown between 30 % and 40 % in the past few years . 
But now , other agencies are getting into the business with their own competing media-buying groups -- and Carat wants to expand to the rest of Europe . 
Mr. Golomb says each of his computers can produce and send about 75 unique newsletters a night . 
At least three other factors have encouraged the IMF to insist on increased capital . 
But officials in Rome say the issue was legally resolved by a settlement between Italy and King Idris , deposed by Col. Muammar Gadhafi in 1969 . 
Still , the restaurant 's ever-changing menu of five-course dinners -- it supposedly has n't repeated a meal since opening in 1971 -- requires constant improvisation . 
An additional 500 million marks in credit-backing was promised by the West German state governments of Bavaria and Baden-Wuerttemberg . 
Net fell to $ 40.1 million , or $ 1.50 a share , from $ 60.7 million , or $ 2.32 a share , a year earlier . 
`` You stay out of it , '' author Whitford quotes Mr. Clements as saying . 
IMA also will assume $ 1.4 billion in debt . 
Even though the currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar , with a fixed exchange rate of HK$ 7.8 to the American currency , the U.S. and Hong Kong economies do n't always move in lock step , making it difficult to predict where interest rates in the colony will go . 
Last year 's appeals court decision , for instance , spawned several suits , reportedly including a recent action by the heirs of singer Bobby Darin against McDonald 's Corp. over its `` Mac Tonight '' TV commercials , a rough parody of Mr. Darin 's `` Mack the Knife '' trademark . 
For example , although insider trading has long been criminal , it has never been statutorily defined . 
The Los Angeles investor ca n't buy UAL stock , solicit shareholder consents or make a new offer unless he makes a formal offer of $ 300 a share or UAL accepts an offer below $ 300 . 
One of Mr. Straszheim 's recurring themes is that the state of the economy is n't a simple black or white . 
Moscow has already tacitly admitted that the ruble is n't worth much , announcing in August that it will pay Soviet farmers in hard currency for grain and other produce that they grow in excess of state-plan quotas . 
IRAs were like stepchildren there . 
The program , which will be shipped in January 1990 , runs on the Unix operating system . 
That is typically about a three-week window . 
Nor , by the way , advertisers . '' 
What accounts for the results of recent decades ? 
The proposal split the industry in two , along the lines of national origin : North Koreans oppose the plan while South Koreans , Japanese and Taiwanese accept it or are neutral . 
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms . 
There 's a 95 % probability any year 's result will fall in the range . ) 
They 've been able to measure the minuscule movements of the artery wall as the beating heart raises and lowers the pressure of the flowing blood , a first for such tiny blood vessels , they report in Nature , a scientific journal . 
Further , he said , an internal reorganization to combine several divisions into the Information Technology Group is expected to affect fourth-quarter results by an undisclosed amount . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond rose 1\/8 point . 
The West German embassies in Prague , Budapest and Warsaw are continuing to find refugees at their gates . 
Meanwhile , `` the bottom end of the market is becoming less loyal , '' says Laurel Cutler , vice chairman of the ad agency FCB\/Leber Katz Partners . 
Much of HUD 's spending actually is disguised welfare for developers or the middle class . 
Ramada Inc. revised the terms of its restructuring and extended to Feb. 28 , 1990 , the deadline to complete the sale of its hotel business to New World Development Co. of Hong Kong and Prime Motor Inns Inc. of Fairfield , N.J . 
By contrast , the pistons in conventional four-stroke engines must move up and down twice in each power cycle . 
The second provision , affecting so-called 235 mortgages , has met strong opposition from investment bankers represented by the Public Securities Association . 
In Canada and the U.S. , Whitbread owns The Keg chain of steak and seafood restaurants . 
Sales rose 14 % to $ 715 million from $ 625.4 million . 
`` Depending on how far down you go , it may be difficult to pay off that debt . '' 
It was considered South Africa 's largest opposition rally . 
Francis D. John , 35-year-old president , will assume the additional job of chief executive officer . 
The investment choices offered by the pension fund currently are limited to a stock fund , an annuity and a money-market fund . 
The increased demand would normalize trading and stabilize prices . 
In the past two months the nation 's 88 junk funds have lost a total of about $ 6 billion -- more than 15 % of assets -- through sales or transfers of junk-fund shares , Dalbar says . 
But to Mitsubishi Estate , the acquisition has just the elements that should win support from both sides . 
If the White House is looking for another unconstitutional bill , Rep. John Dingell is trying again to raise the Fairness Doctrine from the dead . 
Hooker 's U.S. unit is expected to agree in principle this week to sell its Merksamer Jewelers chain to management , according to executives . 
At that level , and given the uncertainty , he believes UAL stock should trade closer to 
Mr. Roman , by contrast , seems rarely to cut loose at all , although he did appear at Ogilvy 's Halloween party Friday decked out in duck feet and a duck hat , costumed as a `` lame duck . '' 
Time Warner declined comment . 
So far , it appears cautious about taking the big step . 
`` As one of China 's provinces , Taiwan has no right to join GATT on its own , '' Foreign Ministry spokesman Li Zhaoxing said . 
This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger . 
Instead , he says , most investors have to rely on the rumor-happy Indian press . 
He farms 12 acres in Grabowiec , two miles from the Soviet border in one of Poland 's poorest places . 
California lawmakers want to eliminate temporarily a $ 100 million cap on the amount of federal highway relief for each state for each disaster , as well as a prohibition on using the emergency highway aid to repair toll roads . 
The district , built on landfill , suffered heavy quake damage , including collapsed buildings . 
Kathie Huff , a respondent in the Journal survey from Spokane , Wash. , says her husband is adamant about eating only Hunt 's ketchup . 
`` If you take away the outside influences , the market itself looks very cheap . 
`` Only a decade ago cancer was a black box about which we knew nothing at the molecular level . 
But service on the line is expected to resume by noon today . 
Environmental Control Group Inc. said it expects to report `` minimal '' earnings or a loss for the third quarter . 
After hours of conflict and debate , that jury focuses on the facts with near-perfect objectivity . 
Between 1978 and 1987 , for instance , SH Oil in Winter Haven , Fla. , sold interests in oil wells to a very select group of local residents , while turning away numerous other eager investors . 
National Convenience Stores Inc. , trying to shake the doldrums in the convenience-store business , said it will rearrange the merchandise in all of its stores in the next 18 months to cater better to the neighborhoods around its stores . 
Mr. Noriega 's tips on emerging leftists at his school were deemed more important to U.S. interests . 
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective . 
`` This is a pre-emptive strike by Foothills , '' said Rick Hillary , natural gas manager of the Calgary-based Independent Petroleum Association of Canada , an industry group . 
New types of financing must make funds available without draining Poland 's hard-currency reserves . 
The agency , under his direction , bitterly fought a takeover attempt by WPP Group PLC of London before succumbing in May . 
Many analysts said they were n't surprised that problems in many of Ryder 's lines of business continued to plague the company . 
Figures assume a 7 % annual rise in tuition , fees , room and board and an 8 % annual investment return . 
By 1988 , when only 10 genetic probe-based tests of diagnostic infectious diseases of humans had been approved for marketing by the Food and Drug Administration , eight of them had been developed and sold by Gen-Probe . 
But there are signs now -- the strikes by miners , Boeing workers , telephone workers , etc. -- that this attack on wages is being more fiercely resisted . 
In the Reagan administration we designed a comprehensive program ; we worked very hard on it . 
No customer is present at the morning package sort , but the process is nevertheless critical to customer satisfaction . 
The issue includes $ 100 million of insured senior lien bonds . 
Volume in the second section was estimated at 30 million shares , up from 28 million Thursday . 
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold dropped $ 1.60 to $ 367.10 an ounce in moderate trading . 
Odds and Ends 
`` Most people will come on the weekend , the slopes will be overcrowded and then these { new skiers } wo n't come back . 
`` We lent a lot of money all over the place , '' said Tan Sri Basir , who refused to discuss the bank 's outstanding loans to 
And most of the truly big scams in Orange County seem to originate in Newport Beach or one of the other well-heeled communities that surround this sliver-like city that hooks around a point of land on the California coast south of Los Angeles . 
A year ago , Wang had earnings of $ 13.1 million , or eight cents a share , in its first quarter , including a $ 3.1 million loss from discontinued operations . 
Share prices on the Frankfurt stock exchange closed narrowly mixed in quiet dealings after recovering most of their early losses . 
`` Everybody forgets that there are fashion cycles in classic merchandise , '' observes Carol Farmer , a retail consultant . 
In addition , Sanford Grossman , a Wharton School finance professor , says volatile jumps in stock prices will continue as long as liquidity falls short of the voracious demands of institutions `` who can go out and say ` I have a billion dollars of stocks to sell . ' '' 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set March 9 , 1989 . 
The mismatch exposed the company to a high degree of interest-rate risk , and when rates moved unfavorably -- beginning late last year and continuing into this year -- `` it cost them , '' Mr. Kriz said . 
Accord prices start at $ 12,345 . 
c-Yields , adjusted for constant maturity . 
Mr. Owen of Kleinwort Benson suggested that the new chancellor , John Major , will take a tough line in his autumn statement later this month , helping to underpin the pound . 
La Jolla is the parent company of La Jolla Bank & Trust Co. , which has 12 branches in San Diego County . 
`` It 's going to set things back for a period , because it reinforces the concern of volatility , '' says Jeffrey B. Lane , president of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Granges said it also plans in the third quarter to write down the carrying value of the Tartan mine by 2.5 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 2.12 million ) , and to write off most of the C$ 6.3 million carrying value of its Windflower gold property in British Columbia . 
Japan normally depends heavily on the Highland Valley and Cananea mines as well as the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea . 
Hiroshima officials said they still consider the contract in effect and had no immediate plans to cancel it . 
Jack Kemp wants to abolish it . 
Darla St. Martin , of the National Right to Life Committee , says exit polls from the 1988 election had single-issue , pro-life voters giving Mr. Bush about five more percentage points of support than pro-choice voters gave Michael Dukakis . 
A quake that measures two on the Richter is n't twice as severe as a `` one '' -- it 's 10 times worse . 
Mr. Bush 's veto power puts him a commanding position in the narrowly divided House , but a vote to override his position could well pick up new support because of the wealth of health and education programs financed in the underlying bill . 
West German bond prices ended lower after a day of aimless trading . 
New York City : 
Most are from independent producers instead of regulated utilities , and Westinghouse believes it will ride a wave of demand stretching over the next six years . 
Mr. Ridley hinted at this motive in answering questions from members of Parliament after his announcement . 
Mr. Salvagni , 53 years old , succeeds John C. Griffin , 57 , who is retiring as corporate vice president of pharmaceutical manufacturing . 
It also said that it would start trading the contract as soon as the CFTC approved it . 
Swedish Export Credit Corp . ( Sweden ) -- 
Mr. Vaux said the share issue is part of a strategy to strengthen Labatt 's balance sheet in anticipation of acquisitions to be made during the next 12 to 18 months . 
Mr. Eddington sees alliances with other carriers -- particularly Cathay 's recent link with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines -- as an important part of Cathay 's strategy . 
That spurs competition and growth , allows users to change and mix brands easily , and increases software firms ' incentive to write packages because they can be sold to users of virtually any computer . 
Hoechst AG 's Chairman Wolfgang Hilger said the company wants to have a substitute product to completely replace ozone-damaging chlorofluorocarbons by 1995 . 
She signed up , starting as an `` inside '' adjuster , who settles minor claims and does a lot of work by phone . 
( Balloon flights almost always occur at dawn or dusk , when the winds are lightest . ) 
In such situations , he says , the house `` is going to put the best light on things . '' 
The Nasdaq bank index fell 5.00 to 432.61 , while the insurance index fell 3.56 to 528.56 , and the `` other finance '' index dropped 3.27 to 529.32 . 
A food caterer stashed stones in the false bottom of a milk pail . 
Ciba-Geigy is a Swiss pharmaceutical company and Chiron is based in Emeryville , Calif . 
The surprising discovery of the evening at Fisher was the high standard achieved by some of his now-obscure colleagues , notably Raimondo Boucheron . 
Tandem , which already specializes in on-line transaction processing , is a potent competitor in that market . 
And the vacillation did n't end there . 
TRC Cos. , the target of an investigation by the U.S. inspector general , dropped 2 to 10 3\/4 . 
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus . 
While the government drains Pemex from above , the union has drained it from below . 
They succeed Robert W. Kasten and John R. Parker , who reached the mandatory retirement age . 
SharesBase Corp. said it will reduce its 221-person work force by about 25 % , effective tomorrow , in an effort to stem continuing losses . 
That effect holds true for both short-term and long-term bonds . 
Convex also recently agreed to use Posix , a standard for the computer language called UNIX . 
Hanwa Co . ( Japan ) -- Two-part , $ 800 million issue of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 3\/8 % coupon at par . 
Still , 20 Japanese companies , including giants such as Sanyo Industries Corp. , Matsushita Electronics Components Corp. and Sony Corp. have set up shop in the state of Northern Baja California . 
A Realist official said the company had n't yet received the full complaint and would n't have a response until it had an opportunity to review it . 
They are already industrialized ... . 
But Phillips persisted , calling in scientists from the Salk Institute . 
Congress should stop throwing tax dollars out to sea by subsidizing the development of beach communities on ecologically fragile coastal barrier islands , such as the hard-hit Isle of Palms near Charleston . 
It says 40 % of those surveyed report that 1989 exploration spending will exceed 1988 's . 
The agency declined comment , but said it will continue work until a new agency is chosen . 
Fannie Mae makes a secondary market in home loans . 
One key for salespeople is to boost their own morale . 
Similarly , Alfred Rubega , New Hampshire 's director of securities regulation , said his state had n't received any complaints about Drexel , so it really could n't press the issue . 
That 's right , money market mutual funds . 
Berlin 's Villa Grisebach will auction art works with pre-sale estimates of less than $ 1,600 on Nov. 25 . 
George Marshall 's ghost is much more difficult to keep happy . 
Alex Henderson , an analyst with Prudential-Bache , says Polaroid officials told him yesterday that U.S. sales of the company 's new conventional film product , introduced in the second quarter , have been `` disappointing '' after a promising start . 
Suzuki Motor Co. 's Escudome sport vehicle features a pop-out rear tent and invites drivers to go `` back to the nature . '' 
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry-government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
Until the building is completed , Exxon will rent part of an existing office tower . 
Secretary of State James Baker , who accompanied President Bush to Costa Rica , told reporters Friday : `` I have no reason to deny reports that some Contras ambushed some Sandinista soldiers . '' 
However , Raymond C. Kurzweil , chairman and chief executive , said `` The company continues to require additional funding to realize the potential of its technology . '' 
The sale of the extrusion division is subject to audit adjustments for working capital changes through the closing . 
But bond investors continue to keep a close watch on the jittery stock market . 
It also is trying to shore up its tobacco business . 
The government said the consumer price index rose 2.3 % in the quarter ended Sept. 30 from the previous quarter and 8 % from a year ago . 
The central bank also unexpectedly raised the base rate by half a percentage point to 3.75 % Oct. 11 as part of an inflation-fighting move that indirectly increases interest rates charged on new home construction loans . 
But in the end , it must be rejected for logical as well as moral reasons . 
New approaches to mall design and operation make it possible to tap these markets . 
Even at such rates , black marketeers have been able to make big profits because of the dire shortage of consumer goods here . 
The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the banks and thrifts whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on T-bills or from banks and thrifts directly . 
Buyers have to rely on a supplier `` continually upgrading and replacing the product , '' he says . 
Mary E. Sommer , corporate counsel for Stamford , said the city has discussed several possible plans for displaying the mural , which portrays various scenes from the Great Depression . 
Now , because of various difficulties , the product has been scrapped . 
Analyst James Weil of the Soundview Financial Group believes Dell 's response has been to place increased emphasis on product quality , `` in an effort to rise above some of that price pressure . '' 
Furthermore , he says , psychologists should not be allowed to analyze jurors ' personalities . 
First , the price of natural gas will have to almost double . 
In recent contract negotiations with Pemex management , Mr. Guzman Cabrera accepted major concessions that greatly curtail the union 's role in subcontracting , long a source of millions of dollars in illicit earnings . 
Yamaichi said its pretax profit increased 8.9 % to 117.94 billion yen from 108.28 billion yen . 
Capitalism may now be engineered to withstand sudden shocks , but there are fault lines -- the crisis in profits , the assault on wages , the structural inequity of the system -- that make fools of those who claim that the future is here and that history is over . 
I 'm certainly not comfortable saying we 've seen the bottom . '' 
Congressmen raised the issue yesterday at a hearing . 
`` They want the full press releases on printer announcements by their competition , '' Mr. Amram says . 
BankAmerica 's profit jumped 34 % in the third quarter . 
One was that , despite his 62 regular-season wins over the past three seasons in the Land Beyond the Late News , he has been overshadowed by his more-muscular mates and missed out on prizes that might have been his due . 
In a sign the stock slump has n't quieted Europe 's takeover fever , Cie . Financiere de Paribas said it intends to bid for one of France 's other large financial and industrial holding companies , Cie. de Navigation Mixte . 
Indeed , the earthquake could contribute to a turnaround in the insurance cycle in a couple of ways . 
Against such a backdrop , companies with proven track records of earnings gains of 20 % or so annually have extra appeal . 
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker . 
Microsoft added 2 1\/8 to 81 3\/4 and Oracle Systems rose 1 1\/2 to 23 1\/4 . 
Continental , a unit of Texas Air Corp. , slashed the size of its note offering from $ 150 million to $ 71 million . 
`` These guys prey on human frailties . '' 
Both Westwood Brick and Westwood Group are based in Boston . 
The MMI is a 20-stock index that mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
In order to ensure that the rights of all interested parties are protected , the Criminal Division has instituted the following requirements to control the use of TROs in RICO prosecutions . 
Still , Akzo has n't yet found a way to achieve another goal : a large presence in the U.S. market for prescription drugs . 
The shock of seeing homes destroyed and city services disrupted may cause some to confuse priorities such as the true economic value of a freezer full of meat . 
Mr. Auvil , the Washington grower , says that he could sell Fujis to Taiwan buyers at $ 40 a box if he had them . 
Meson Investment Ltd. , a Vancouver , B.C.-based investment firm , said it raised its stake in Verit Industries to 8.9 % of the common shares outstanding . 
This maker of electronic devices said it replaced all five incumbent directors at a special meeting called by Milton B. Hollander , whose High Technology Holding Co. of Stamford , Conn. acquired most of its 49.4 % stake in Newport in August . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Meson said it holds 67,400 Verit common shares , including net purchases of 8,100 shares bought from Oct. 10 , 1988 , to Oct. 11 , 1989 , for $ 3.875 to $ 7 each . 
If it does not quite have Chandler 's special magic -- well , at the end , neither did Chandler . 
In a statement , Craig O. McCaw , chairman and chief executive officer of McCaw , said : `` We trust LIN will take no further actions that favor BellSouth . '' 
At closely held Deltec Securities Corp. , junk bond money managers Amy K. Minella and Hannah H. Strasser say the problems of the junk market go deeper than a temporary malaise . 
`` Options traders , arbitrage traders -- everyone , '' said Mr. Bates , cooling down with a carton of apple juice after the close yesterday . 
The action capped a spurt of grim Arizona banking news for the third quarter , and emphatically signaled that Arizona is challenging Texas 's long reign as banking 's busiest graveyard . 
Mercedes-Benz also agreed to pay taxes owed for the years 1986 through 1988 , Mr. Kidder added . 
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson views the high rates as his chief weapon against inflation , which was ignited by tax cuts and loose credit policies in 1986 and 1987 . 
`` It 's nothing dramatic , just a routine sell-off . '' 
First Interstate took a huge $ 350 million provision for loan losses at the Arizona bank . 
Street lights , the ad points out , `` helped sharpen the arm of many a budding baseball player . '' 
`` People should remember their money is n't all or nothing -- they do n't need to be shopping for the one interest-rate-type investment and putting all their money in it , '' says Bethesda , Md. , adviser Karen Schaeffer . 
Exports declined for the second consecutive month in August , slipping 0.2 % to $ 30.41 billion , the Commerce Department reported . 
I 'm sure she 'll appreciate what an efficient reaction to her problems the price system has created . 
Generally , regulators have n't announced enforcement actions in the past . 
The bank charged off $ 53 million in loans during the quarter . 
I did n't say this , and I 'm totally opposed to the philosophy expressed by the quote . 
Friday 's correction presents `` a pretty good buying opportunity , but let 's not speculate at this point in the business cycle , '' says Carmine Grigoli , chief equity portfolio strategist at First Boston Corp . 
Pennzoil had sued Texaco for improperly interfering with its acquisition of a portion of Getty Oil Co . 
`` Unless it gets more help , the U.S. industry wo n't have a chance , '' says Peter Friedman , Photonics 's executive vice president . 
In contrast to previous estimates reckoning the default rate on junk bonds at 2 % or 3 % , a Harvard study published in April of this year ( and discussed in a lead story in The Wall Street Journal for Sept. 18 ) found the default rate on these junk bonds is 34 % . 
The conditions include not misrepresenting how many directories will be distributed , and agreeing to make refunds to directory advertisers if any misrepresentations are involved in the sale . 
Kerry P. Charlet will become executive vice president , and retain his positions as chief financial officer and treasurer . 
We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do n't have much to gain from a protracted battle . 
But the costly efforts did little to slow Japanese market gains , and domestic car sales have plunged 19 % since the Big Three ended many of their programs Sept. 30 . 
Even though the government would retain the 45 % stake in Picop , critics have accused the trust of selling out to foreigners . 
Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. said he may cut his earnings estimate for the current fiscal year because he had expected at least some mainframe profit this year . 
Cincinnati Gas & Electric Co. tops the companies portion of the accompanying Insider Trading table this week . 
Wieden & Kennedy , Portland , Ore. , was named to handle the News Corp. publication 's $ 1 million to $ 2 million trade-ad account . 
In recent weeks , warm and dry weather has sped the Midwest harvest and that is permitting farmers to rebuild the stockpiles that were cut by the 1988 drought . 
Through the first nine months of the year , Kidder ranks a distant 10th among underwriters of U.S. stocks and bonds , with a 2.8 % market share , up slightly from 2.5 % in the year-earlier period , according to Securities Data Co . 
Norfolk Southern 's board approved a buy-back of up to 45 million shares , valued at over $ 1.7 billion . 
Indeed , when the Bush administration finally decided this summer to renew import restrictions -- arguably the most important decision to affect the steel industry in five years -- Mr. Corry and his directors were aboard helicopters , high above Marathon 's rich oil reserves in the North Sea . 
And , like corporates , many municipal bonds are callable . 
Rep. Bates has publicly begged for forgiveness from voters and was re-elected with 60 % of the vote last November . 
But we are , in reality , witnessing the continuing decline of the political economy of capitalism : not so much the end of history but the history of the end . 
Officials at Gulf Power could n't be reached for comment . 
It is backed by Government National Mortgage Association 9 1\/2 % securities with a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 29 years and being offered at market prices . 
A price was n't disclosed . 
But , IRS private ruling 8940061 notes , no rule or court case bears directly on the issue of adding land to a principal residence . 
Fans of Anthony Andrews ( `` Brideshead Revisited '' ) will relish watching him play the title role ( s ) in the 19th-century Robert Louis Stevenson pre-Freudian drama of schizoid horror . 
However , he recently told the Senate Banking Committee that he believes the agency should have explicit authority to monitor debt levels at holding companies and affiliates of broker-dealers , which are frequently used to issue bridge loans . 
The rub is that the $ 28 million was plucked from the funds of this federally insured institution even as CenTrust was losing money hand over fist . 
The vehicle has a top speed of 65 miles an hour and requires recharging from a standard wall socket every 100 miles . 
Since its founding in 1818 , Brooks Brothers , the standard-bearer of the Ivy League look , has eschewed flashy sales promotions and fashion trends -- the rules that most retailers live by . 
But therein lies another aspect of investment risk : the hazard of shaping your portfolio to avoid one or more types of risk and being blind-sided by others . 
`` It 's just like weather forecasting , '' says Energy Transportation trial attorney Harry Reasoner of Vinson & Elkins . 
The high-tech industry is full of the kind of arrangement that the new guidelines would affect . 
Nevertheless , Merrill Lynch has agreed that if the thrift that issued Dr. Blumenfeld 's CD , Peoples Heritage Federal Savings & Loan Association in Salina , Kan. , is liquidated and the CD terminated , the brokerage firm would cover the premium Dr. Blumenfeld paid . 
Out in the oil fields , if activity picks up much more , shortages could appear because so many roughnecks , roustabouts and others left after the crash . 
American Pacific and Kerr-McGee are the only two U.S. manufacturers of ammonium perchlorate . 
The process will take as many as six months to complete , the company said . 
`` Moody 's believes that the uncertain environment for merchant banking could put pressure on CS First Boston 's performance , '' the rating concern said , citing `` continued problems '' from the firm 's exposures to `` various Campeau-related firms '' and to Ohio Mattress . 
But operating profit from aerospace products rose nearly 50 % to $ 15 million from $ 10.1 million . 
Paris closed lower , and most Brussels shares were unable to trade for a second consecutive day because of technical problems . 
Stock prices , meanwhile , posted significant gains in later trading and closed down by only 3.69 points on the day . 
The bank , which has loss reserves equal to about half its long-term and medium-term loans to less-developed nations , said it does n't think additional reserves are required . 
Japan , the world 's third-largest liquor market after the U.S. and Britain , helped American companies in April when it lowered its tax on imported spirits and levied a tax on many domestic products . 
Alex Henderson , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities , said that while Nashua 's performance this year has been `` atrocious , '' the company nonetheless is attractive as a `` classic breakup candidate because there 's no similarity between its { four } businesses . '' 
The bank , which previously said it was for sale , said it has received no offers and that its board will review whether to continue soliciting bids . 
Radio programs and books have followed the daily television show . 
But Citicorp has lost some credibility because it also led the unsuccessful effort to gain bank loans for the labor-management group . 
Big gains for the ultra-right Republicans party in Baden-Wuerttemburg state municipal elections Sunday showed eroding support for Chancellor Helmut Kohl in a traditional bastion for his Christian Democratic Union . 
`` It turned out we could n't sell it , '' a Canadian Pacific official said , adding that acquiring the remainder of Soo Line is now `` the best way to rationalize operations . '' 
By this time last year , he noted , arrivals totaling 33,270 tons had been announced . 
First , the somewhat affected idealism of the 1960s . 
A native of the area , he is back now after riding the oil-field boom to the top , then surviving the bust running an Oklahoma City convenience store . 
In their new contract this year , American Telephone & Telegraph Co. and the Communications Workers of America agreed to look for `` prompt and lasting national solutions '' to rising health-care costs . 
PAY FOR PERFORMANCE hangs mostly on boss 's subjective view . 
The circuit breakers caused a 30-minute shutdown in trading in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index futures contract as the markets were falling . 
Fokker N.V . ( Netherlands ) -- 150 million Swiss francs of convertible bonds due Nov. 15 , 1997 , with a fixed 4 % coupon at par via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. said Prime Computer Inc. has agreed to resell as much as $ 200 million worth of Sun 's machines over the next two years . 
`` One agency should have the authority over all equity products . 
Call from Sept. 30 , 1993 , at 100 3\/16 , declining by 1\/16 point a year to to par . 
Some lawyers and scholars see the social scientists ' vision of the American jury system as a far cry from the ideal presented in civics texts and memorialized on the movie screen . 
And for every champion , there are plenty of nags . 
`` It 's ludicrous for him to suggest it 's the difference between the'breakup ' value of the shares and their market value . '' 
The U.S. government 's Sverdlovsk complaint , as with Krasnoyarsk , is no mere political posturing . 
However , excluding the year-earlier charge for recall of steering gear , operating profit in the latest quarter declined 14 % , reflecting higher start-up and product development expenses in passenger-restraint systems . 
The notebook , the TI Model 12 , will be priced at $ 4,199 . 
And it retains an interest in acquiring candies and other articles that might be sold in tobacco shops . 
( After tripling in size in the past five years , index funds now hold about 20 % of the stock owned by pension funds . ) 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
The association said the September total brought French output for the first nine months this year to 14,789,000 tons , up 4.5 % from a year earlier . 
The stake was acquired by a group of 10 Japanese financial institutions and industrial corporations , primarily insurance companies , Honeywell said . 
The playoff series had riveted the 12-year-old Giants fan . 
Net income surged 21 % to 55.59 billion yen from 46.02 billion yen . 
`` Frankly , I would n't expect the Japanese to get hooked on anybody 's technology , least of all the Soviets . '' 
The S&P 500 is often used in arbitrage strategies . 
And the fees investors pay for indexing run a few pennies for each $ 100 of assets -- a fraction of the cost of active managers . 
Revenue in the period slid almost 8 % to $ 203.2 million from about $ 220 million last year . 
A company official said Arthur Borie , until January chief operating officer of Pic 'N Save Inc. , will buy a 20 % stake in the new Wisconsin Toy subsidiary , and will act as head of Everything 's a Dollar . 
JAL also has signaled it is looking for toeholds in Europe before the end of 1992 . 
Some equipment going to work is almost new . 
However , a catalyst like Coniston could seek shareholder support for a sale to a labor-management group at the last price discussed by that group before the board meeting Monday . 
I 'm not sure cross-ownership would necessarily make things smoother . '' 
Bond prices also edged higher . 
Mr. Ball noted that television stations featured people holding up phone books , explaining where to call for help . 
The supporting lineup is solid , the patter is amusing and there 's even a cameo by Bernie Ohls , the `` good cop '' of previous Chandler books who still does n't hesitate to have Marlowe jailed when it suits his purposes . 
Sale of Saatchi Unit Close 
Although settlement talks had been dropped , attorneys for the two sides apparently began talking again yesterday in an attempt to settle the matter before Thursday , when a judge is expected to rule on Warner 's request for an injunction that would block the two producers from taking over the management of Columbia . 
`` Any fool can publish a money-losing magazine . 
According to a spokesman , the governor is also studying the possibility of raising state gasoline taxes . 
Now , says Mr. Biehl , value investing often means `` looking for downtrodden companies with terrible management that are in real trouble . '' 
He 's totally geared to a punitive position . '' 
Mr. Hastings was appointed to the federal bench by President Carter in 1979 and was one of the few black federal judges in the country . 
Ford Motor said it raised its stake in the British car maker to 12.45 % of the ordinary shares outstanding . 
Already `` it 's hard to get people . 
But from early on , Tiger 's workers unionized , while Federal 's never have . 
It also recommends that employees be aware of everyday office items that could be used for emergency care or shelter . 
One devoted fan who fell under Baker 's spell in 1963 and began collecting Baker memorabilia was Bryan Hammond . 
The maker of document image processing equipment said the state procurement division had declared FileNet in default on its contract with the secretary of state uniform commercial code division . 
`` There is n't much question there will continue to be a ripple effect , '' said John Reidy , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
`` Sometimes { traders } lose sight of that , '' he says . 
Some of the three other bidding groups are expected to increase their offers tomorrow , a date set for revised offers by a bankruptcy court judge . 
But quick turnover in artwork is `` like pawning your jewelry -- you end up with 50 % . 
`` Everything , '' one non-`` Moonie '' senior consultant to the Unification Church recently told me in an interview , `` is going back to Korea and Japan . '' 
While the prototype converter is costly , it 's being lauded by the infant HDTV industry as a way of increasing the number of high-quality shows that can be seen on the new medium . 
`` Some people call me the communist billionaire , '' she has told visitors . 
You have to beat everyone around the world , '' says Mr. Dennis . 
First , the sport you play is no longer a game -- it becomes a job . 
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure . 
Asked how he made charitable gifts of $ 26,350 out of reported two-year income of $ 46,892 , Thomas H. McFall of Bryan , Texas , told the Tax Court he had understated his income . 
And Southwest lawmakers were a driving force behind $ 54.6 million for U.S.-Mexico border facilities , or more than double the administration 's request . 
Sears said it would put the 110-story tower on the block almost a year ago as part of its anti-takeover restructuring . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Green said he had boosted his holdings in Bancroft common to 10.4 % from 8.5 % , and renewed an offer he made in March to acquire the fund . 
Keith A. Tucker was named a director of this insurance and financial services concern . 
Most oil companies are still reluctant to add to the office and professional staffs they slashed so deeply . 
The most volatile form of program trading is index arbitrage -- the rapid-fire , computer-guided buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in stock-index futures and options . 
National Environmental , formerly Yankee Cos. , is a sludge treatment company . 
P&G , in particular , rarely rolls out a product nationally before extensive test-marketing . 
Fannie Mae , a federally chartered , shareholder-owned corporation , operates a secondary market for mortgage loans , buying loans from lenders , packaging some into securities for sale to investors and keeping the rest in its portfolio . 
And CenTrust has other problems . 
Between 1965 and 1985 , Polish waters fit for human consumption dropped from 33 % to 6 % of all surface waters , while those unfit even for industry use nearly doubled . 
`` We said : ` We 've got a product : if you want it , you can buy it , ' '' he says , adding : `` Now we 're figuring out what people need , and are going back to make it . '' 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
But the company 's latest quarter was a few pennies a share lower than the more pessimistic projections on Wall Street . 
All are expected to reopen soon . 
By comparison , Cannes now gives $ 39,000 to the winner of its young director 's award . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3425.22 , up 
Separately , Century Bank , Phoenix , Ariz. , was closed by Arizona banking officials . 
Fees 1 . 
Kurt Sanger , ABC Sports 's marketing director , says that now `` tens of thousands '' of fans call its 900 number each week to vote for the best punt return , quarterback sack , etc . 
`` On the comptroller side , you 're developing and making work financial controls governing a $ 6 billion budget . 
Merieux previously said it would ensure its bid remained open pending a final decision by Canadian regulators on whether to approve the takeover . 
Noting the recent Food and Drug Administration approval of Interferon 's genital warts treatment , National Patent said it believes Interferon 's stock is undervalued . 
The Treasury 's 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 fell 11\/32 to 111 31\/32 to yield 10.08 % , while the 12 % notes due 1995 were down 7\/32 to 103 22\/32 to yield 11.04 % . 
Taco Bell has turned around declining customer counts by permanently lowering the price of its tacos . 
The naming of FCB\/Leber Katz Partners as agency of record for Nabisco Brands Inc. and Planters LifeSavers Co. follows RJR Nabisco 's announcement last week that it will disband its RJR Nabisco Broadcast division and dismiss its 14 employees Dec. 1. to cut costs . 
The exchanges contend that dual trading improves liquidity in the markets because traders can buy or sell even when they do n't have a customer order in hand . 
Although working for U.S. intelligence , Mr. Noriega was hardly helping the U.S. exclusively . 
The idea behind the Egg King is pretty simple : put the eggs into a cylinder that contains perforated baskets , spin them at a high speed to break the shells and strain the edible part through the baskets . 
`` Shippers wo n't be able to look for transportation-cost savings as they have for the last eight or nine years . 
Those routes , valued by the creditors ' professionals at about $ 400 million , were to be sold to AMR Corp. 's American Airlines . 
In Paris , Air France declined to comment . 
Japan says its economic growth will fall sharply if it cuts back on the use of oil , coal and gas to cap emissions of carbon dioxide . 
But they are also talking about new magazines . 
That 's based on a multiple of anywhere between 8.5 to 10 times UAL earnings , which are estimated to come in somewhere around $ 16 a share this year . 
AC&R Advertising is a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi Co . 
He resigned as an officer of Central Life to accept the Manhattan National presidency . 
Robert Robie , 51 , was named to the new positions of vice chairman and chief credit officer . 
Campbell-Mithun also would be a sizable addition to an agency network : It has billings of about $ 850 million and blue-chip clients including General Mills , Jeep\/Eagle and Dow Brands . 
The government spent most of last year attempting to carry out such a plan but was thwarted when the parent Waertsilae concern pulled out at the last minute . 
Double Check 
The massive temblor , which killed at least 61 people , severed the Bay Bridge , a major artery to the east , and closed most ramps leading to and from Highway 101 , the biggest artery to the south . 
Hewlett-Packard also called in its systems experts to restore its own computer operations . 
The spokesman said Unocal has had `` considerable interest '' from prospective buyers . 
The other came in 1974-75 from the combined shock of world recession and a severe local stock market crash . 
And some oil companies are trying to lock in future supplies . 
The agency plans to announce specific relief procedures in the coming days . 
But before the stock market rebounded from a sharp early sell-off yesterday , he said , `` You could n't buy { junk bonds } and you could n't give them away . '' 
One day after Delmed Inc. made top management changes and disclosed the end of an important business tie , its stock did n't trade and the company forecast a `` significant '' drop next year in sales of its core product . 
RJR Taps FCB\/Leber 
Consistently , D.T. was over-optimistic about its chances , which it continually sized up , in numerical form . 
`` The second time , '' he says , `` they left the shovel . '' 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
The office , a Treasury Department unit that is the successor to the Federal Home Loan Bank Board , said this was the first announcement of an enforcement action since this year 's thrift-bailout legislation ordered that all such actions by federal banking regulators be made public . 
It is possible , of course , that some of the most seriously damaged companies could n't be reached , particularly in areas nearest the epicenter . 
Chiron was up 1\/2 to 27 and Cetus gained 1\/2 to 16 3\/8 . 
Mr. Peladeau took his first big gamble 25 years ago , when he took advantage of a strike at La Presse , then Montreal 's dominant French-language newspaper , to launch the Journal de Montreal . 
Yet the rowing machine has n't been touched since , even though he has moved it across the country with him twice . 
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony . 
`` Anyone telling you to buy stocks in this market is technically irresponsible . 
Gen-Probe , an industry leader in the field of genetic probes , which is a new technology used in diagnostic tests , last year signed an agreement for Chugai to exclusively market its diagnostic products in Japan for infectious diseases and cancer . 
Under a previous buyback program , Inco has purchased 1.7 million of its shares since April . 
Brokerage firms as a rule do n't comment on their market activity . 
The bank is a subsidiary of Baltimore-based MNC Financial Inc . 
The ploy worked . 
In addition , each note can be converted into Blockbuster Entertainment common stock at a rate of 13.851 shares per note . 
The combined value of daily equity trading on the New York Exchange , the American Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ over-the-counter market ranges between $ 7 billion and $ 10 billion . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
Eprex , used by dialysis patients who are anemic , and Prepulsid , a gastro-intestinal drug , did well overseas , he said . 
Kia is the most aggressive of the Korean Big Three in offering financing . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
The Fed 's problem is not that it is too independent , or too unpolitical . 
It also would create a new IRA that would shield from taxation the appreciation on investments made for a wide variety of purposes , including retirement , medical expenses , first-home purchases and tuition . 
`` But clearly we 're entering a difficult period . '' 
Mr. Templeton owns shares in several of the 33 funds that his firm manages , but only in three of the 10 available to U.S. investors , according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
The resulting firm prices and stability `` will allow both producers and consumers to plan confidently , '' says Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Hisham Nazer . 
`` They 're going to have mega-problems . '' 
This cushion could come in handy if GM has to trim fourth-quarter North American production schedules more than the already scheduled 9.5 % . 
Mr. Teagan points out as well that if the equipment designed to get along without CFCs is less efficient than current devices , energy consumption will rise and that will worsen the greenhouse effect . 
`` We think the worst is over '' in the European information-technology market , she said . 
Mr. Pilson recalls that in April 1986 , after CBS 's annual meeting in Philadelphia , he and Mr. Tisch took the 90-minute train ride back to New York , and Mr. Pilson used this extended private audience to outline his ambitions . 
New York City -- $ 786,860,000 of bonds , Fiscal 1990 Series C and D , including $ 729.04 million tax-exempt bonds and $ 57.82 million taxable bonds , via a Goldman Sachs group . 
Munich-based Allianz 's brief explanatory statement said it is acting to protect its own interests as a shareholder of Navigation Mixte . 
And while the job is half done , Brooks is still bitter . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. is the underwriter . 
Fleet 's net was $ 96.4 million , or 86 cents a primary share , compared with $ 85.8 million , or 79 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Darman now blames the clash on miscommunication , but House GOP leader Michel , who carried the offer to him , observes , `` I was speaking English at the time , and quite loud so I could be understood . '' 
Judge Merhige will make the appointment . 
`` Russian ships are arriving in the gulf and there is n't enough grain in the pipeline , '' said Katharina Zimmer , a futures analyst with Merrill Lynch & Co. in New York . 
The drop in mortality rates for women was less steep -- 8.9 % for blacks and 5.3 % for whites . 
Willie Brown , speaker of California 's Assembly , said that Gov. George Deukmejian has agreed to schedule a special session of the legislature within two weeks . 
But he does expect `` a muffler dragger '' of an economy , with `` very slow growth , maybe one quarter of no growth at all . '' 
The first one permits a witness to refuse to testify against her spouse . 
Americans now can choose among 572 different models of cars , vans and trucks , up from just 408 when the decade began , according to Automotive News , a trade publication . 
But Mr. Breeden , a 39-year-old securities lawyer , has skirted some of the heftier issues facing the financial markets . 
But some fear imposing a temporary gasoline tax increase in the meantime could undercut support among voters for the measure . 
Fireman 's Fund property-liability subsidiaries reported a 120.7 % combined underwriting ratio for the nine months , up from 108.4 % for the year-ago period . 
The information company also cited the stronger dollar , the sale last year of its former Official Airline Guides unit and other factors . 
Even stranger is the case of Usha Rectifier , a semiconductor company with 1988 sales of $ 28 million that 's raising $ 270 million to build an iron plant . 
In the aforementioned episode of `` In the Heat of the Night , '' we saw Althea being attacked , but we were n't invited to enjoy the spectacle . 
`` They went up 51 % last year , and they 'll do it again this year , '' he declares . 
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country . 
The benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at 100 28\/32 to yield 8.04 % , compared with 101 19\/32 to yield 7.97 % Monday . 
According to Bernard Savaiko , senior commodity analyst at PaineWebber , the only stability to the market came when short sellers periodically moved in to cover their positions by buying contracts . 
Now , even more radical changes seem afoot as the grand old maverick of American apples plays the role of Hiroshi Appleseed . 
Foothills ' main rival to build a Mackenzie Delta pipeline is likely to be TransCanada PipeLines . 
Friends pitched in . 
`` For a woman whose period is late , using RU-486 means no waiting , no walking past picket lines at abortion clinics , and no feet up in stirrups for surgery , '' burbles health writer Laura Fraser . 
Granges did n't say what impact the moves would have on total gold output or earnings , and company officials were n't available . 
The provision will help provide for tax liabilities that may stem from the restructuring . 
Why do you continually ignore the salubrious effects of indexing the basis of capital gains for inflation ? 
There is n't any rush on the part of investors in the West to buy gold , he said . 
It added that no discussions about such a sale are under way . 
Where these discoveries will lead , scientists can only speculate . 
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff . 
A video sent to association members , featuring shots of the Alamo , cowboys , fajitas and a statue of Sam Houston , does n't mince words . 
The weight of Lebanon 's history was also against him ; and it is a history Israel is in danger of repeating . 
Opponents of the increase argue that the IMF practices central planning while supporting ineffective governments . 
Unlike stop orders -- which are filled at the market price when the stop price is hit -- stop-limit orders demand that the trades be made only at the specified price . 
Oncor Inc. , Gaithersburg , Md. , said it received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to market a genetic test that will assist in diagnosis and treatment of leukemia and lymph cancer . 
Now he has moved to Oklahoma where costs are lower , and started a new company , Adsi Inc. , to market his machine . 
But advertising revenue is inadequate . 
It also would defer interest and principal on junk bonds that have fallen due ; the grace period for paying the bill expires Nov. 16 . 
Volume was a tumultuous 4.9 million shares , or 22 % of the 21.8 million UAL shares outstanding . 
Loan guarantees do n't appear at all until the borrower defaults , so new guarantees do not raise the deficit , even though they create future liabilities for the government . 
`` Pickin ' one or two , '' says the guide , chuckling . 
Three pieces of evidence corroborate the key assumption that Democratic legislators are more willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their Republican colleagues . 
But this raises added cost barriers to urban entrepreneurship . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
The benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 102 3\/32 , compared with 101 17\/32 Friday . 
Ford officials , for example , crowed about their first-ever Tokyo Grand Prix racing victory . 
Mr. Sherman is former deputy general counsel for SmithKline Beckman Corp. , in Philadelphia , now SmithKline Beecham PLC , in London . 
First of all , it is a friendly acquisition in which Rockefeller sought out Mitsubishi Estate and asked it to buy a majority share . 
Manhattan U.S. Attorney Otto Obermaier said it was the first time ever that the government had obtained any disgorgement from an organized crime figure indicted under the civil racketeering law . 
Schools that are structured in this way produce students with higher morale and superior academic performance . 
The move significantly expanded Black & Decker 's product line , but also significantly increased its debt load . 
All the concerns are based in Toronto . 
Another benefit is that substantial percentages of the proprietors in these centers are minority businessmen and women . 
All the figures are adjusted for seasonal variations . 
In response to the study , the FAA says it is considering changing its policy -- or lack of it -- on flight attendants . 
Interest during first year paid semiannually at 7.51 % . 
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick . 
Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president . 
To suggest that a 10 % drop in ozone by the middle of the next century would be negligible is irresponsible and shortsighted . 
Kidder , Peabody & Co. , a General Electric Co. unit that has become the biggest program trader along with Morgan Stanley , is n't a market maker , although the Big Board hopes that will change . 
The man-made inferno will tower over a man-made lagoon with more than four acres of pools , grottoes and waterfalls . 
They effectively lead team efforts to reduce cycle time . 
He found that monetary crime losses , as a proportion of gross receipts , were 37 times higher for small businesses than for large ones . 
That 's a question East Germany ca n't answer easily , no matter what its new leader does . 
Explains a Sotheby 's spokeswoman , the statement `` means exactly what it says . 
It also could be a drag on Georgia-Pacific earnings because the roughly $ 1.5 billion in goodwill -- the amount by which the bid exceeds Nekoosa 's book value of $ 1.5 billion -- will have to be subtracted from earnings over a period of decades . 
And earnings have been erratic . 
Your Sept. 27 page-one article `` Charleston Lost Quite a Lot to Hugo , Especially Gentility '' leaves the impression that the storm was little more than an inconvenience . 
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . '' 
Mr. Lloyd said if Qintex had defaulted it could have been required to repay $ 92 million in debt under its loan agreements . 
A federal court jury in New York found U.S. Rep. Robert Garcia ( D. , N.Y . ) and his wife , Jane Lee Garcia , guilty of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech in return for official acts by the congressman . 
AYER TALKS : 
As they stumble and bumble toward election day two weeks from tomorrow , both Democrat David Dinkins and Republican Rudolph Giuliani are in trouble . 
The Socialists held 184 seats going into the balloting . 
`` We certainly do have a lack of liquidity here , and it 's something to be concerned about , '' says James A. Gregoire , a managing director . 
While judges have an obligation under the First Amendment to safeguard freedom of the press , `` the right to deliberately alter quotations is not , in my view , a concomitant of a free press . '' 
Mr. Peake is chairman of his own consulting company in Englewood , N.J . 
Proceeds will be used to reduce short-term debt at the beer and food concern , said Robert Vaux , vice president , finance . 
There is a small Renoir on the wall . 
When that happened , `` seismic '' tremors of fear -- much like the shock waves created by an earthquake -- coursed through the market and increased the market 's volatility . 
For example , the proposed overhaul of prices -- an extremely sensitive political topic -- is far more precise than the vague plans announced by Mr. Gorbachev in 1987 and later dropped . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered ratings on long-term debt of CS First Boston Inc. , the holding company of Wall Street giant First Boston Corp. , because of First Boston 's `` aggressive merchant banking risk '' in highly leveraged takeovers . 
State officials said the court 's ruling clears the way for proceedings to condemn buildings in the area . 
Treasury prices ended mixed in light trading . 
Mr. Whittle said private and parochial schools in both states will be canvassed to see if they are interested in getting the programs . 
State monopolies will keep on stifling trade , `` free '' prices or not , until something else replaces them . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Merck , Rahway , N.J. , continued to lead the industry with a strong sales performance in the human and animal health-products segment . 
According to department policy , prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers ' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made . 
Meantime , shippers with vessels on order from Waertsilae Marine will remain in limbo . 
`` When you 're at the club , you ask whether they 've spoken to ` G . ' 
Pretoria 's approval of the demonstration and the ANC 's conciliatory tone appeared aimed at setting up negotiations to give blacks political rights . 
The ad is part of Classic Coke 's 1990 ad campaign , with the tag line , `` Ca n't beat the Real Thing . '' 
If you start saving for your child 's eduction on Jan. 1 , 1990 , here 's the monthly sum you will need to invest to pay for four years at Yale , Notre Dame and University of Minnesota . 
Prudential Insurance Co. of America said it selected four agencies to pitch its $ 60 million to $ 70 million account . 
Subsequent meetings , initiated after the company and two of its units were briefly suspended from federal contracts , were held to familiarize Mr. Orr with the company 's self-policing procedures and to disclose additional information , according to GE . 
Already , USX Corp. and Armco Inc. are studying Nucor 's technology to see if they can adopt it . 
The U.S. did n't openly oppose Cuba 's seating as the Latin American council delegate . 
They are often closed to the public and no minutes are taken . 
Farmers lay down before the bulldozers . 
`` He does n't signify what people want , so the unrest will go on , '' Mr. Oldenburg predicts . 
Equipped with cellular telephones , laptop computers , calculators and a pack of blank checks , they parcel out money so their clients can find temporary living quarters , buy food , replace lost clothing , repair broken water heaters , and replaster walls . 
Deutsche Bank AG , which last year arranged a three billion mark credit for the Soviet Union , is now moving to become the first West German bank to set up independent business offices in Hungary and Poland as they shift to free-market economies . 
Official trading in the shares will start in London , Paris and Brussels on Nov. 6 , when the French-franc denominated offering , valued at the equivalent of nearly $ 1 billion , comes to market in the European Community . 
`` To be profitable , the paper requires more circulation and building circulation is an expensive undertaking , '' said John Macfarlane , the paper 's publisher . 
Staar Surgical Co. 's board said that it has removed Thomas R. Waggoner as president and chief executive officer and that John R. Wolf , formerly executive vice president , sales and marketing , has been named president and chief executive officer . 
In that context , Robert Loggia 's riveting performance as the unlovable -- even crotchety -- veteran agent seems a better franchise for a series than most . 
Last year 's net loss of $ 3,524,000 included a benefit of $ 1,640,000 from an accounting change . 
Mr. Niciporuk sits . 
He added that Petco remained in compliance with all industry capital requirements during the market 's rapid plunge Friday and Monday 's rebound . 
Unfortunately for Mr. Maynard , another branch of the USDA , the Agricultural Marketing Service , was in charge of eggs . 
Ford officials said they expected the two Merkurs would sell about 15,000 cars a year , and in 1988 they reached that goal , as sales hit 15,261 cars . 
But Mr. Hemming said he was n't aware of the nature of the talks under way between committee members and their advisers . 
The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , almost twice the national average and about four times the rate for teachers , truck drivers , medical workers and door-to-door salespeople . 
Last year she boasted to HG magazine : `` I 'd never looked at a garden in my life . '' 
The 4.52 % net interest margin , or the difference between the yield on a bank 's investments and the rate it pays for deposits and other borrowings , was still markedly higher than the 3.91 % ratio a year earlier , and is among the best in the industry , analysts said . 
The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. and Federal National Mortgage Association , two dominant issuers of mortgage securities , have a sizable amount of California home loans in their mortgagebacked pools . 
Stock prices fell and bonds rose as worries mounted about the economy and the junk bond market . 
While advertisers have long appealed to Texans ' state pride and prejudices , the latest trend has been sparked , in part , by the state 's recent hard economic times . 
For the past year or two , the carpet division 's operating profit margins have hovered around 5 % , high by industry standards , but disappointing compared with the 13 % to 19 % margins for two of Armstrong 's chief businesses , flooring and building products . 
First they set up overseas merchandising offices to import items and track new fashion trends . 
What is the consequence of a high-interest burden , high default rates and continued low profitability ? 
Sales rose 9 % to $ 921.6 million from $ 845.7 million , with sales of the company 's international\/diversified operations `` well above '' the year earlier-period . 
For example , 66 % of the 18 to 24 year olds in the four latest surveys favored an `` open housing '' law prohibiting homeowners from refusing on racial grounds to sell to prospective buyers . 
Shop Television Network Inc. , of Los Angeles , said Penney agreed to continue its exclusive arrangement with Shop Television , which does the production , marketing and cable distribution for the J.C. Penney Television Shopping Channel . 
Honda Motor Co. , the first Japanese auto maker to ship cars to Japan from the U.S. , is now exporting more than 5,000 Accord Coupes a year from its Marysville , Ohio , factory . 
Federal and state tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of occupation , high income , type of income , or some other characteristic that may signal an opportunity or tendency to hide income or exaggerate deductions . 
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned . 
`` If 135 is broken , some panic will be seen , '' he predicted , explaining that Japanese institutions are comfortable with the dollar anywhere between current levels and 135 yen . 
In a suit filed in state court in Manhattan , the American Civil Liberties Union is representing the former maitre 'd of the chic Odeon restaurant . 
Off the Strip , MarCor is building the Rio , a hotel-casino with a Brazilian theme and only 430 rooms -- all of them suites . 
Rolled copper product sales were major contributors to overall sales growth . 
Meanwhile , non-performing assets rose to $ 593 million from $ 518.7 million . 
And despite the recent tough advertising climate , industry figures released at the meeting here indicate things may be turning around . 
He said he is `` very surprised '' by the furor over program trading and the exchange 's role in it that has raged in recent days . 
Traders attributed the action in them largely to defensive positioning in a volatile market . 
He bought $ 4 billion in prepositioning ships and $ 7 billion in ammo and equipment to fill them , and parked them at a new $ 6 billion base at Diego Garcia in the middle of the Indian Ocean . 
Detroit-based GM does n't issue separate quarterly earnings for the North American automotive business . 
Those are Templeton Global Income , Templeton Emerging Markets and now the Value Fund . 
Business : Restaurants 
Solo woodwind players have to be creative if they want to work a lot , because their repertoire and audience appeal are limited . 
We practically ran our own studio . '' 
`` It is n't a real boom holiday season in our eyes , '' says Woolworth Corp. Chairman Harold E. Sells , `` but it is n't going to be a bust either . '' 
RJR Nabisco Inc. said it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle S.A. 's Nestle Foods unit for $ 370 million . 
The asset shrinkage was particularly concentrated in several large California institutions . 
According to senior consultants to the church , Mr. Moon has successfully negotiated a joint venture with the Chinese government to build an automobile-parts plant in Guangdong Province , an area of China with a substantial Korean minority . 
But so far Japan 's cash-rich retailers are proving to be cautious shoppers . 
The Paribas offer values Navigation Mixte at about 23 billion francs , depending on how many of Navigation Mixte 's warrants are converted into shares during the takeover battle . 
Shearson , which in September was the 11th-biggest program trader on the Big Board , had already suspended stock-index arbitrage for its own account . 
Ralph T. Linsley , vice chairman of Eagle , will become vice chairman of Webster\/Eagle . 
A successful vote would put pressure on the British government to lift the restriction . 
As a result , Morgan Stanley 's Index of 40 Emerging Growth Stocks -- most of which are in the OTC market -- is up only 13 % for the year , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has leaped 24 % and the S&P 500 has grown 25 % . 
Robert J. Penn , president and chief executive officer , will take early retirement from this steelmaker Dec 31 . 
The hotel is scheduled to open in 1992 . 
Under the pact , Montedision will make a $ 37-a-share tender offer for Erbamont stock outstanding . 
Should they be required to pay claims based on exorbitant costs for labor and materials ? 
`` Ninety percent of Mort 's old show fits into our style , '' said Mr. Eskridge . 
`` We were reassured they would stand behind the company . '' 
Wasserstein Perella & Co. is the dealer-manager for the offer , which will expire Nov. 29 , unless extended . 
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free . 
Japanese and U.S. photographic firms are beginning to produce electronic cameras and X-rays that do n't require silver , dealers say . 
First Interstate said the unit , bludgeoned by Arizona 's worsening real-estate woes , will have a $ 174 million loss for the quarter . 
Currently , they stand at $ 12,000 for speculators , who are typically individuals and non-member traders , and $ 6,000 for hedgers , which are usually institutions and have offsetting positions in the underlying stocks . 
-- Edward F. Dempsey . 
Did Mr. Freeman have notice of this ? 
A year earlier , CMS posted profit of $ 1.1 million , or 13 cents a share , on sales of $ 48 million . 
A cross-state econometric investigation , furthermore , reveals that , holding other factors constant , the difference between a state 's major-party vote going to the Republican gubernatorial candidate and the Republican share of the lower state house is a positive function of the state tax rate . 
Under the plan , NRM said holders of its common units will receive one share of new common stock in Edisto Resources Corp. for every 14.97 common units owned . 
Other temperature data show similar unexplained swings . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 17.01 points to 2596.72 in active trading . 
At the University of Kentucky , a team led by Dean Currier , a physical therapy researcher , is testing the stimulators in conjunction with electric shocks to induce muscle contractions to help prevent wasting of thigh muscles after knee surgery . 
The results include record quarterly earnings of $ 76 million from Chrysler Financial Corp . 
Fiat 's rejection of partnership with Saab means that the Swedish company , which announced last Friday that its pretax profit for the first eight months plummeted 49 % , will have to look for a partner among other car manufacturers as both Ford Motor Corp. and Fiat have turned down the offer . 
Typically , these measures include reforms to downsize the role of government and parastatals in the economy , to open up inward-looking economies to international competition and to promote the development of a vigorous private sector . 
`` Every department store in Japan is taking a look , '' says Mike Allen , a retail analyst at Barclay 's de Zoete Wedd Securities ( Japan ) Ltd . 
Thousands of East Germans attended public rallies organized by the Communist leadership and demanded free speech , controls on the security forces and an end to official privileges . 
Motorola , another major semiconductor producer , dropped 1 1\/8 to 57 1\/2 . 
K mart runs 2,200 K mart stores , primarily in leased facilities . 
Knowledgeable employees said the retrofitting , which had n't yet been budgeted , was part of a planned , three-stage reinforcement of the Cypress structure begun by the California transportation department several years ago . 
Aluminum Co. of America dropped 1 1\/2 to 70 1\/4 , Phelps Dodge fell 4 to 59 7\/8 , Asarco lost 1 3\/8 to 31 3\/4 , Reynolds Metals slid 1 3\/8 to 50 3\/8 , Amax dropped 1 1\/8 to 21 5\/8 and Cyprus Minerals skidded 2 to 26 3\/4 . 
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health-club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion . 
Universities , however , say Next 's prices must go even lower before large numbers of students purchase the machine . 
In composite trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange , Financial Corp. closed at $ 1.125 , unchanged . 
Few analysts think it is worth their time to slog through the Polaroid trial testimony . 
Opinion is mixed over its three-month prospects . 
UAL declined to comment on British Air 's statement . 
The group 's bid for $ 34.2 million of wastewater treatment bonds , Series 1989 B , produced a 7.0808 % true interest cost . 
MEDIA POLICY : 
Surveying all this , some people now think the best planner might be no planner at all . 
The company yesterday also said it was scrapping one of its major new products , a 760-megabyte drive , which , while technically proficient , did n't hold much promise of generating substantial orders because financing problems caused a nine-month delay in getting the product to market . 
The farmer leaves . 
This clause , they argue , is designed to go beyond an earlier clause specifying that the president can veto a `` bill , '' and is broad enough to allow him to strike out items and riders within bills . 
Under the amended pension program , AT&T managers who have at least five years of service will have five years added to their age and length of service for pension purposes . 
`` But the question is whether things people are looking at will actually surface in live transactions in light of the current market conditions . '' 
To maintain exclusivity of that designer line , it is n't labeled with the Maidenform name . 
Already entered in the Big Board 's computers and transmitted to their post were sell orders for 65,000 UAL shares . 
Unlike the other nations of the bloc , East Germany is a creature of the Cold War . 
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem . 
That will please once-grumpy affiliates -- another aim of the Pilson plan . 
National Intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 50 % interest in National Steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations . 
Triggering the re-examination is a recent city council decision to give preference in letting city contracts to suppliers with a stated policy on child care for their employees . 
Though it 's probably safe to assume that the majority of financial planners are honest and even reasonably competent , the fact remains that , as one wag puts it , `` anybody who can fog a mirror '' can call himself a financial planner . 
The 57-year-old tax attorney never even aspired to the job of chief executive . 
Unocal said the venture would enable it to recover more of its refining and marketing investment and prepare for expected growth in exploration , production , chemicals and other areas . 
He said Drexel -- the leading underwriter of high-risk junk bonds -- could no longer afford to sell any junk offerings if they might later become troubled because Drexel risked losing its highly lucrative junk franchise . 
Treasury Securities 
The Delicious hegemony wo n't end anytime soon . 
But in an interview in which he called the stock market 's volatility a `` national problem , '' Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. said , `` We are going to try to do some things in the short intermediate term '' to help the situation . 
The 88 mutual funds investing solely in junk bonds hold assets of about $ 32 billion . 
So-called cross-border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick . 
Enforcement of restricted-entry rules was sporadic , residents said . 
Insurance companies are rushing to sell before the end of the year , when some of their tax benefits associated with municipal bonds will be phased out . 
But some of it also represented profit-taking by investors who have made big gains in some issues . 
He said the transaction was made for investment purposes . 
Other winners included real estate issues Mitsubishi Estate , which closed at 2,500 , up 130 , and Mitsui Real Estate Development , which gained 100 to 2,890 . 
Ammonium perchlorate is an oxidizer that is mixed with a propellant to make rocket fuel used in the space shuttle and military rockets . 
Cadbury Schweppes Australia Ltd. has held the Australian Pepsi franchise for the past four years . 
Asked the same question after his appearance , Democrat Florio identifies a staff member by name and explains her whereabouts today . 
By 1961 , Mr. Mahfouz 's idealism had vanished or become twisted , as it has in Said . 
`` I 'm now monitoring every major account . '' 
Mr. Nahas , who single-handedly provoked a one-day closure of Brazil 's stock markets in June when he failed to honor a debt of $ 31.1 million owed to his brokers , yesterday blamed his predicament on the president of the Sao Paulo stock exchange ; a few days before Mr. Nahas 's failure , the exchange raised the required margin on stock-margin transactions . 
Judges Oakes and Leval understand the requirements of historical scholarship . 
`` To me it says that despite all the views that we spend too much of our wealth on paper assets , we have ways of holding wealth similar to 100 years ago . '' 
Securities analysts , however , remained downbeat . 
Mr. Ittleson is executive , special projects , at CIT Group Holdings Inc. , which is controlled by Manufacturers Hanover Corp . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Nationwide , output of light industrial products declined 1.8 % -- `` the first decline in 10 years , '' a bureau spokesman told China Daily . 
Both Ford and its rival General Motors recently set their sights on grabbing significant minority stakes in the British company . 
In preparation for the withdrawal , Moscow , Kabul and New Delhi signed two agreements for several hundred newly civilian Indian experts to replace some of the more visible Soviet military personnel . 
Neither was among the 46 traders indicted last August in a federal investigation of traders at both the Merc and the Chicago Board of Trade . 
Investors were buying yesterday , but they were running scared to premier blue chips such as Procter & Gamble , which jumped 3 3\/8 to 127 . 
But short-term bonds ca n't rise too much , because everyone knows they will be redeemed at a preset price fairly soon . 
Florida National Banks of Fla. slid 1 1\/8 to 24 3\/4 . 
Among the company 's current efforts : repairing old parts at 25 % of the cost of replacing them . 
Nervousness that the market has n't seen the last of its recent volatility kept trading at a moderate pace , as did anticipation of a report on the economy 's third-quarter performance . 
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions . 
Also , CS First Boston Inc. 's First Boston Corp. unit , the fifth-biggest program trader in September , is `` preparing a response '' to the program-trading outcry , officials of the firm said . 
In the port of Berbera , for example , hundreds of men of the rival Issak clan were rounded up in May 1988 , imprisoned , and then taken out at night in groups of five to 50 men to be executed without any judicial process whatsoever . 
Separately , the company 's board adopted a proposal to amend its 1986 shareholder rights plan , further insulating the company from takeover . 
3:25 a.m . 
TVA offered $ 2 billion of 30-year bonds priced to yield 9.06 % ; $ 1 billion in 10-year notes priced to yield 8.42 % ; and $ 1 billion in five-year notes priced to yield 8.33 % . 
In return for an ownership stake in the company , the pilots were willing to agree to a seven-year contract that included a no-strike clause and significant wage concessions and productivity gains the union previously resisted . 
Moreover , state officials are urging freight haulers to bypass many of the area 's main highways and to travel late at night or during predawn hours . 
Cineplex shareholders responded coolly to yesterday 's announcement . 
Nearly half of U.S. consumers say they 'll pay up to 5 % more for packaging that can be recycled or is biodegradable , according to a survey commissioned by the Michael Peters Group , a design consultant . 
Sanwa Shutter Corp. said its affiliated company in Malaysia , established this April , will begin manufacturing steel doors Wednesday . 
Take the scene in which Kate stands naked by a lighted window , whispering to her hidden assailant , `` Look all you want . 
Vanguard 's $ 1 billion High Yield Bond Portfolio has seen $ 161 million flow out since early September ; $ 14 million of that seeped out Friday Oct. 13 alone . 
`` I 'm not here to make money by reselling the team later on . 
`` The '86 act was a fluke . 
Government Insurance Office of New South Wales ( agency ) -- 
In 1989 , Mr. Steinhardt says he made money trading in Texas Air , AMR and UAL . 
A statement from the council of cardinals said Catholics had responded generously to an appeal last year to give more money after 1987 's record $ 63 million deficit . 
I was struck a couple of years ago by the drug-interdiction effort in the Bahamas . 
But , says Mr. Bock , `` It was a close call . '' 
The shipyard disclosed in mid-August that it expected losses stemming from a series of unprofitable orders . 
NOVEMBER BALLOTS will contain few referendum or initiative issues that especially affect small business . 
But , he adds , `` I was not acting as a messenger . '' 
`` We were just surprised , '' says Tad Inada , NASDA 's director for international affairs . 
A Coke spokesman said he could n't say whether that is the direction of the talks . 
All the preferred stock is held by the Yukon Office Supply Stock Ownership Plan . 
This includes what Deputy Foreign Minister Yuli Vorontsov fetchingly called `` new peaceful long-range weapons , '' including more than 800 SCUD missiles . 
`` The implied current net asset value of 22.70 { per share } is well below the 30 level that the Street believed , '' PaineWebber says . 
For the nine months , losses totaled $ 212 million , or $ 10.83 a share , compared with net income of $ 48.7 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier . 
`` I was not pleased with the slow start , and neither was NBC News , '' said Guy Hempel , general manager of NBC affiliate WAVE in Louisville , Ky . 
But whether such moves can win back the confidence of East Germans , who have taken to the streets by the thousands in recent weeks to demand democratic changes , depends largely on whether they feel they can trust Mr. Krenz . 
Friday brings the final count on October auto sales . 
The Peruvian mineral concern 's $ 251 million claim stems from 1988 jury award in a case stemming from the brothers ' alleged attempts to corner the 1979-80 silver market . 
The mayor said the Quayle visit was `` a publicity stunt . '' 
They have since mellowed , although one senior Young & Rubicam executive , echoing others , said : `` I think ad agencies owe Carl { Spielvogel } a vote of thanks for getting him out of the consulting business . '' 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
The venture , formed in 1986 , was supposed to be Time 's low-cost , safe entry into women 's magazines . 
Short interest in 1,327 non-NMS securities totaled 40.3 million shares , compared with almost 38 million shares in 1,310 issues in September . 
The machinists union has suggested it may propose a recapitalization that includes a special dividend for holders and a minority ownership stake for employees . 
The morning session was dominated by individuals and dealers , but some institutions participated in the afternoon , encouraged by the market 's firmness , traders said . 
Mr. Kakita said the key dollar-yen exchange rate is at 135 yen . 
By the time it paid its expenses it only had $ 120,000 left -- not enough to treat even one child . 
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably . 
One sign of Mr. Deaver 's renaissance : an appearance on ABC 's `` Nightline '' for a show on pack journalism . 
Tass said Lenin 's tomb in Red Square will be closed from Nov. 10 to Jan. 15 for essential maintenance . 
That coverage is provided by a syndicate of insurance companies including Fireman 's Fund Corp. , based in Novato , Calif. , and Cigna Corp. , based in Philadelphia . 
The division of auto maker Ford Motor Co. made its debut in the asset-backed securities market with the second-largest issue in the market 's four-year history . 
Rainbow 's stock dropped 2 to 14 1\/4 . 
Bond investors paid close attention to comments by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan , who was testifying before a congressional hearing , but were n't able to extract many clues about the future course of the Fed 's monetary policy . 
The book noted changes made at the manufacturing level that were n't disclosed to the FDA . 
But it 's in very early stages still . '' 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
Following the consolidation , the entertainment company , which has film and television operations in Beverly Hills , Calif. , will have about 4.1 million shares outstanding . 
The decision to raise the ceiling on FHA home loans still faces strong opposition in the House . 
That unit of its Georgia Kaolin Co. subsidiary was sold to a unit of Unimin Corp . 
In fact , managers today are probably more aware of speed as a competitive variable than ever before . 
The loan is backed by Healthcare 's 5.4 % stake in HealthVest and interest in certain facilities . 
Takeover enthusiasm may have been renewed when an investor group disclosed yesterday that it had obtained all the financing required to complete its $ 1.6 billion leveraged buy-out of American Medical International . 
The dollar , the best indicator of the country 's mood , has skyrocketed on the parallel market , as has gold . 
This test was the first to predict reliably whether an individual could expect to develop cancer . 
The tough regulatory stance portends large future losses , especially at the state 's thrifts . 
Acting more than a year after Ms. Bertussi filed a complaint , the panel issued a `` letter of reproval '' saying Rep. Bates had admitted conduct that violated a House rule forbidding discrimination against employees on account of their sex . 
Currently , the rules force executives , directors and other corporate insiders to report purchases and sales of their companies ' shares within about a month after the transaction . 
Toto Co. , a Japanese ceramics maker , has developed a toilet that can check the user 's health . 
New York authorities , informed yesterday about the move , reacted with concern and even some anger to the idea of the nation 's third-largest corporation leaving without giving them an opportunity to accommodate it . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered . 
But Lipper Analytical 's figures show that there were a number of ways investors could have cushioned themselves from the stock market 's gyrations . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Vermont American common closed at $ 39.75 , off 25 cents . 
Meanwhile , competitors are being spawned almost daily ; some 300 new businesses -- many just one-person shops -- have sprung up . 
At the behest of pro-choice members of Congress , a four-year reauthorization bill for Title X federal family-planning assistance now contains a $ 10 million grant for `` development , evaluation and bringing to the marketplace of new improved contraceptive devices , drugs and methods . '' 
The two Remics priced were a $ 500 million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issue underwritten by Salomon Brothers Inc. and a $ 350 million Federal National Mortgage Association deal underwritten by Greenwich Capital Markets . 
When used as background in this way , the music has an appropriate eeriness , as when a two-note phrase , a descending minor third , accompanies the seemingly endless litany of reports , interviews and confessions of witnesses in the Morris film . 
Positive currency rates and strong sales growth led to a substantial rise in consolidated profit in the period , although the company did n't provide figures , as is customary with Swiss companies . 
The additional reserves relate to possible write-downs of certain assets held by Franklin and its subsidiaries and the default of a bond in its investment portfolio , the thrift said . 
The National Security Council itself was established in 1947 because policy makers sensed a need , in an increasingly complex world , for a formal system within the White House to make sure that communications flowed smoothly between the president and the State Department , Pentagon and intelligence agencies . 
`` A situation like San Francisco is so frightening because there 's no warning . 
Nor are any of these inefficient monoliths likely to be allowed to go bankrupt . 
The Northern California earthquake and Hurricane Hugo are likely to temporarily damp sales growth in the West and South Carolina . 
The dissident pilots oppose the plan because it would cause them to lose their seniority . 
General Motors Corp. 's GMC Truck division put a $ 750 cash incentive on its 1990 full-sized Jimmy and Suburban trucks . 
The U.S. government has never waivered in its assessment of this incident as an accident at a biological weapons facility there , and hence a violation of the 1972 Biological Weapons Convention . 
Such a countermove could end Jaguar 's hopes for remaining independent and British-owned . 
State Farm , based in Bloomington , Ind. , is also the largest writer of personal-property earthquake insurance in California . 
The latest month 's figures show that imports of steel from European Community nations fell to 466,000 tons from 481,000 a month earlier , while imports from Japan rose to 323,000 tons from 288,000 in July . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton declined to comment . 
A bankruptcy court hearing is set for Nov. 3 on these accords . 
He succeeds Everett Meyers , who resigned in May . 
One bond trader estimated that more than $ 50 million of New York City general obligation bonds were put up for sale Friday alone . 
Procter & Gamble went down 3 1\/2 to 130 , Dow Jones fell 3 1\/2 to 37 1\/2 and Rockwell International dropped 2 1\/8 to 25 . 
`` I can just tell the questions are right back where they were : ` What 's going on ? , ' ` Ca n't anything be done about program trading ? , ' ` Does n't the exchange understand ? , ' ` Where is the SEC on this ? ' '' 
The Canadian pig herd totaled 10,674,500 at Oct. 1 , down 3 % from a year earlier , said Statistics Canada , a federal agency . 
Comparable store sales for the quarter were up 7.3 % . 
In the quarter ended July 31 , Jayark had an average of 5.6 million shares outstanding . 
Although officials of the savings and loan , a unit of Great Western Financial Corp. , used some of their new plans and equipment during this week 's quake , they still lost touch for more than 24 hours with 15 branches in the affected areas , not knowing if employees were injured or vaults were broken open . 
`` We 're trying to get it on line as soon as possible now . '' 
The three business areas engaged in rolling bearing operations continued to show favorable sales development . 
McDonnell Douglas Corp. got a $ 12.5 million Air Force contract for support work on the National Aerospace plane . 
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County . 
The 57-year-old Mr. Gressette , who was also elected chairman and chief executive of all Scana subsidiaries , succeeds John A. Warren . 
`` We think it 's very important to provide as much information as possible on the drugs consumers take , '' said Searle Chairman Sheldon Gilgore . 
Ms. Slater reports on personal finance from The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
First , he unceremoniously sacked Tom Landry , the legendary coach who took the Cowboys to five Super Bowls and 20 consecutive winning seasons . 
Alcohol and substance abuse as a result of stress-related problems was cited by 30 % of those polled . 
The group has been discussing a proposal valued in a range of $ 225 to $ 240 a share , or $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion . 
Pushing the issue on legislation needed to avoid default by the federal government , he told reporters , `` does n't seem to be very good strategy to me . '' 
Congress authorized $ 50 billion to be borrowed to pay for the thrift bailout . 
Third-quarter spreads widened to the highest level in two years as loan portfolio yields rose and money costs declined , the company said . 
Analysts expect the prices of live cattle futures contracts to rise in trading today in the wake of a government quarterly census that found fewer-than-expected cattle on feedlots . 
Senior ministry officials huddled with creditors during the week in an attempt to agree on some form of restructuring that would keep Waertsilae Marine operating . 
These people invested in `` leveraged '' junk bond mutual funds , the publicly traded funds that make a habit of taking out loans to buy extra junk . 
CAE Industries Ltd. said its Link Flight Simulation division was awarded a contract by the U.S. Army for two helicopter simulators , which the company valued at as much as 37 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 31.5 million ) . 
Like most analysts , Mr. Dennis was hesitant to read too much into one month 's numbers ; but he said , `` It indicates perhaps that the balance in the U.S. economy is not as good as we 've been led to believe . '' 
Home delivery is the fastest growing segment of the Times 's 1.1 million daily circulation . 
The Treasury said it will alter the auctions unless it has assurance of enactment of legislation to raise the statutory debt limit before the scheduled auctions Monday . 
For instance , some investors have sworn off stocks since the 1987 market crash ; last Friday 's debacle only reinforced those feelings . 
NBC 's winning streak has been canceled . 
Welcome to that welter of contradictions known as Newport Beach . 
One possible political solution , an EC official said , would be for the commission to present the action program in late November , before the adoption of the charter at a summit of EC governments on Dec. 8 and 9 . 
Even modest amounts of additional output by those with the huge extra capacity and reserves , such as Saudi Arabia and Iraq , could upset the market . 
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS-Phillips & Drew . 
However , these discount purchase rights may generally be redeemed at a nominal cost by the corporation 's directors if they approve of a bidder . 
But they do n't careen around in an old Cadillac , wear funny suits or blast away at slimy spirits . 
Sources said that meetings to discuss the staff reductions have been scheduled for Friday at Mobil offices in New Orleans and Denver . 
It 's a recognition that there was much too much fluff in the LBO market . '' 
The luxury auto maker last year sold 1,214 cars in the U.S. 
Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of First Boston , James F. Lyons , William S. Goldberg and Harold S. Handelsman . 
Last month , Polly Peck posted a 38 % jump in pretax profit for the first half to # 54.8 million from # 39.8 million on a 63 % rise in sales . 
The trend has prompted Beijing to intensify efforts to curb imports . 
In Brooklyn and the Bronx , one out of four commercial firms is burglarized each year . 
Sales by category rose 24 % to 35.23 billion yen , reflecting increased production in automobile , airconditioner and electric machine industries , which are major users of wire and cable products . 
Since KKR bought RJR in February for $ 25 billion of debt , it has agreed to sell nearly $ 5 billion of RJR assets . 
The agreement depends on Color Systems ' ability to win similar concessions from other creditors . 
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country . 
`` Sometimes when people are making big changes , retiring from their jobs , moving to a new area , they lose their bearings , '' says Maury Elvekrog , a licensed psychologist who is now an investment adviser and principal in Seger-Elvekrog Inc. , a Birmingham , Mich. , investment-counseling firm . 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 110.4 million from $ 105.4 million . 
Changing the outcome of the trial is what really matters . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
He succeeds John A. Boudreau , who resigned for personal reasons . 
That something , whatever it is , could add as much as $ 100 to the $ 600 or so consumers now pay for lower-priced refrigerators . 
This modification , apparently , would permit the French merchant to deliver this cocoa , if necessary , against existing short positions . 
Philip Glass is the emperor , and his music the new clothes , of the avant-garde . 
Meson is the personal holding company of Steven Morfey , a Vancouver securities dealer . 
On Main Street , Alida Verwoerd and her daughters look after the clothes and fabric shop , then hurry home to fix lunch for the rest of the family . 
Their `` secret '' is that they gather a small group of advisers around them , listen to what they have to say , prepare a business plan and they are on their way . 
The network 's own production company , NBC Productions , supplies a half-hour family-oriented show titled `` Saved By The Bell . '' 
To confuse matters further , when UAL Corp. stock finally opened on the New York Stock Exchange at 11:08 a.m. , the price was listed at $ 324.75 a share , up about $ 45 from Friday ; in fact , its true price was $ 224.75 , down $ 55 . 
Messrs. Roberts and Stein could n't be reached for comment . 
CBS News interviewed Jack Hoffman and his sister , Phyllis , as well as Mr. Hoffman 's landlord in Solebury Township , Pa . 
Ford 's need to acquire some or all of Jaguar became more acute last week when it abandoned a four-year effort to market its German-built Merkur Scorpio sedan as a European luxury import in the U.S. . 
All architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work , says John Burgee , whose New York firm is designing the redevelopment of Times Square , `` but we ca n't all carry it to that extreme . '' 
Concern about the volatile U.S. stock market had faded in recent sessions , and traders appeared content to let the dollar languish in a narrow range until tomorrow , when the preliminary report on third-quarter U.S. gross national product is released . 
Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means `` everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . '' 
For the first eight months of 1989 , thrifts ' withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 44.5 billion . 
Mr. Jones is currently trying to jack up the price for those local rights . 
Three reasons were pinpointed : a preference for watching bowling and other sports on television rather than actually bowling , dowdy bowling centers , and dissatisfaction with bowling itself . 
Stan Richards of Richards Group Inc. , Dallas , tells of the Texan who saw the agency 's tear-jerking commercial for First Gibraltar Bank F.S.B. -- complete with the state 's anthem -- and promptly invested $ 100,000 in the thrift 's CDs . 
Business lines increased 3.7 % to 3.3 million . 
Not only does this come close to a violation of law , it violates the trust we have all worked to develop . '' 
`` It takes three months to turn copper concentrate into cathodes , '' he said . 
Management advised employees Friday that it was going to reduce employment in production operations of the group by 8 % , or 400 people . 
John Dingell demagogues a David Baltimore , animal-rights activists do $ 3.5 million of damage to labs at the U.Cal-Davis , Meryl Streep decries the horrors of chemistry on talk shows , Jeremy Rifkin files lawsuits in federal court to thwart biotech experiments , and Dutch-elm-disease researcher Gary Strobel 's own colleagues at Montana State denounce him for `` violating '' EPA rules . 
That paradox is Hong Kong 's economically rewarding yet politically perilous relationship with China . 
He said he 's upset that Mr. Phelan , trying to calm investors after the plunge , said that investors would simply have to get used to the market 's big price swings . 
He dedicated all these new forces to the Persian Gulf . 
Ballooning at the de rigueur hour of 6 a.m. held all the attraction for most people of sunrise root-canal work . 
Emergency crews searched through the charred rubble of a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas , where a series of explosions Monday killed at least two people and injured 124 . 
The British defense electronics group has said it will sell # 100 million in assets and may seek a merger to strengthen itself in the wake of its troubles . 
Dow closed at $ 94.625 a share , up 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Researchers in Edinburgh , Scotland , have found that in 23 of 38 breast tumors , one copy of chromosome 17 was mutated at the spot where gene p53 lies . 
Rebel artillerists bombarded the capital of Afghanistan , killing at least 12 people , as the Soviet Union was reported to be airlifting arms and food to Kabul 's forces . 
Oct. 9. 1989 : 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 175.2 million shares . 
Net fell 1 % to 3.23 billion yen from 3.26 billion yen . 
But she said the state currently has 35 appointed judges who are over 70 . 
However , Control Data would continue to provide maintenance services for customers of its Cyber product line . 
The Western government report suggests a number of scenarios for China 's current-account balance , two of which are considered most likely . 
Santa Fe Pacific plans to sell 20 % of its large real estate unit to a California pension fund for $ 400 million and spin the rest off to shareholders . 
( The press had a field day with questions about what would happen to `` six-footer , '' `` yardstick '' and `` inchworm . '' ) 
For just as the Arabs were in the 1960s , the farmers of Sidhpur are on the brink of global power and fame . 
Mr. Trump , who vowed Wednesday to `` go forward '' with the bid , said he was dropping it `` in light of the recent change in market conditions . '' 
GM is expected to inject roughly # 200 million ( $ 316 million ) by acquiring some Jaguar shares , and then win Jaguar management 's promise of an eventual 30 % stake . 
Great Western , based in Beverly Hills , Calif. , is a financial services firm and parent to Great Western Bank , an S&L . 
Indeed , McCaw seemed to hint at that option in a brief statement . 
Black & Decker Corp. said it agreed to sell its Bostik chemical adhesives unit to Orkem S.A. , a French chemical company , for $ 345 million . 
Digital 's failure to deliver a true mainframe-class machine before now may have cost the company as much as $ 1 billion in revenue in fiscal 1989 , Mr. Willman says . 
The average six-month CD in that category added 0.05 percentage point to 8.35 % , for example . 
What Aeroflot does n't pour into its own gas-guzzling Ilyushins is bartered to the airport authority , which resells it to 11 Western carriers including Air France , Trans World Airlines and Pakistan International Airlines . 
Chevron added 1 to 65 . 
`` At this point , the minimill capacity wo n't make a great dent in the integrated market , but it does challenge them to develop new markets , '' says James McCall , vice president , materials , at Battelle , a technology and management-research giant based in Columbus , Ohio . 
The market closed prior to Mr. Lawson 's announcement . 
Because of Leche Fresca 's success , he says , the joint venture is developing other dairy products tailored to Hispanic tastes . 
Eaton said sales of truck axles , transmissions and other parts fell 7.2 % to $ 295 million . 
If Mr. McDonough has his way , the Poles will compensate for the trade center 's emissions of carbon dioxide , a prime suspect in the global atmospheric warming many scientists fear . 
But investigators could confirm their theory only after the recent retrieval of a big chunk of Flight 232 's tail engine from a cornfield near the Sioux City Airport in Iowa . 
A shopping center of similar size in an affluent Los Angeles suburb would , per year , be expected to have eight burglaries , 70 thefts of or from autos , and four robberies . 
He was a `` socialist warrior '' who felt rankled by West Germany 's enormous postwar prosperity and the Bonn government 's steadfast refusal to recognize the legitimacy of his state . 
Vegetables are abundant and full of flavor in Poland , the pickles and sauerkraut sublime , the state monopolies long broken . 
By late yesterday , both sides appeared prepared to bury the hatchet . 
Like the Roman Catholic Church , the Polish peasant is a pillar of the nation . 
Michael Gifford , Rank 's chief executive , said the British theater chain 's total involvement `` would n't exceed $ 100 million '' but declined to give a breakdown between the loan financing and the proposed Film House purchase . 
Mr. Roman appears custom-made for the American Express job . 
The proposal is just part of legislation that would require businesses to provide health benefits , an idea that is strongly opposed by small business who say it would just compound the insurance-cost problems . 
These turns do not provide sufficient relief from sentences like , `` Most modern chelicerates have six uniramous appendages on the prosoma . '' 
Regarding your Oct. 4 page-one article `` Bad Blood '' on the generic-drug battle : The Epilepsy Institute is not just a patient-advocacy organization . 
He adds : `` We are now witnessing a slowdown which , if history is a guide , could persist for a while . '' 
In late April , when interest rates were at their recent highs , short-term CDs sold by brokers were offering yields half a percentage point or more higher than banks . 
Sterling had completed a five-year contract for NASA but lost its bid for renewal . 
David Rahill of A. Foster Higgins & Co. said that clients of his consulting firm report that utilization management reduces their hospital care bills by about 5 % , but he agreed that for the health-care system as whole , some of these savings are offset by administrative and outpatient care costs . 
`` I think everyone 's a little more leery , '' says Jack Baker , head of equity trading at Shearon Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Mobil , Shell and Chevron had declines . 
Some economists expect further declines in investment spending . 
This has been a week of stunning events behind what was once called the Iron Curtain and interesting shifts in official American policy toward Moscow . 
Investors expect these shares will be targets of investment trust funds , which often buy small amounts spread across a wide range of issues . 
The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's and triple-A by S&P . 
Anything to make a sale . '' 
For example , the Small Business Administration has had reasonable success in reducing both guarantee rates and default rates in its Preferred Lenders ' Program . 
Then , two weeks ago -- declaring that `` I 'm not looking for any conflict over this '' -- the president said he would consider a compromise to fund abortions for poor women in cases of rape and incest . 
`` Then there 'll be fair competition . '' 
First , economists James Bennett and Thomas DiLorenzo find that GOP senators turn back roughly 10 % more of their allocated personal staff budgets than Democrats do . 
Sales for the just-ended period fell to about $ 225 million , the maker of computer parts said . 
Sassy already has recovered ; circulation has quickly passed the 500,000 mark and advertising pages have stabilized this year at more than 300 . 
The FAA already has ordered that all 232 disks made by the old process be removed from the planes and subjected to an ultrasonic test in a water-submersion chamber . 
If conservatives do n't support an increase in the IMF 's capital , then it is incumbent on them to speak up now and explain the alternative . 
Analysts figure Amgen could benefit as a result of troubles facing its competitor , Genetics Institute , over the anti-anemia drug EPO . 
`` This is the second delay now in getting the product out the door . 
`` The pilots are either for us or extremely against us , '' he says with a sigh . 
After an internal investigation , the company found that senior officials used a variety of schemes to fabricate sales gains , including counting shipments of bricks and defective drives as sales . 
The new company is capitalized at about $ 3.5 million . 
As usual , her sin was saying what she thought . 
And by adding equity , DLJ would seem to be acknowledging that credit risk was a concern . 
Maybe he thinks they should also sell to the highest bidder . 
Specifically , the British carrier said it currently has no plans to participate in any new offer for UAL . 
ABBIE : `` I 'm OK , Jack . 
It 's a danger . 
Last week a closely held New Jersey concern , Papetti High-Grade Egg Products Co. , rolled out an aseptically packaged liquefied item called Table Ready . 
Fossett still had several million dollars in capital left after Friday 's close of trading , but not enough that regulators , worried about another potential market plunge yesterday , would let it reopen for trading , options exchange officials said . 
The Chinese leader , Mr. Lee informed Mr. Bush , expressed some regret for what had happened in Beijing and conceded that China 's officials bore some responsibility . 
American Brands Inc. said third-quarter net income rose 13 % , reflecting strong gains in its tobacco and distilled spirits businesses . 
Rated single-B-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-minus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
A main factor mitigating more widespread damage was the location of the quake 's epicenter -- 20 miles from the heart of the Silicon Valley and more than 50 miles from downtown San Francisco and Oakland . 
It adds something to the market . 
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges . 
The proposed holding company would also consolidate Great American Bank in San Diego and its Tucson , Ariz. , savings bank into a single , federally chartered institution in San Diego . 
In the past year , one inside director resigned , while three others retired . 
Still , Britain 's current slump is a cause for concern here as the nation joins in the European Community 's plan to create a unified market by 1992 . 
Furukawa said the U.S. market is strengthening as related computer technology gains in sophistication and quality . 
`` The balloon had been blown up so big that when somebody came along with a pin -- in this case the UAL deal -- we got a little pop . '' 
The notification policy was part of a set of guidelines on handling coups outlined in a secret 1988 exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence Committee . 
Airline Aviation , which has annual revenue of $ 5 million to $ 6 million , has great growth potential because of the large number of U.S. pilots nearing retirement age , Comair said . 
As of late yesterday , the IPO was still on . 
At the same time , some congressional liberals will accuse Sens. Boren and Cohen of wimping out , and they will warn that the lawmakers ' concessions raise the specter of more internationally embarrassing covert operations like the mining of Nicaraguan harbors and the Iran arms sales . 
First Interstate Bancorp of Los Angeles said Friday it expects a $ 16 million quarterly loss , citing property-loan losses at its Arizona unit . 
Futures prices extended Tuesday 's gains . 
There is also a busy schedule of speaking engagements at $ 10,000 a pop , at tony places including the Yale Political Union . 
Five of the partners -- James W. Morris , Philip B. Morris , Robert M. White , Ann Adams Webster and Jacqueline G. Epps -- are opening a boutique in Richmond to concentrate on corporate defense litigation , particularly in product liability cases . 
With $ 2.3 million , he and other investors launched Lithox last year to market a gallstone cure being developed by researchers of the University of California at San Diego . 
It was therefore not surprising that close allies of the U.S. , virtually neglected by the Bush administration , ordered the Nicaraguan insurgents dismantled by December , long before the elections . 
The usual warning signs of hypoglycemia include sweating , anxiety and cramps . 
Kidder officials stand by their aggressive use of program trading . 
He added that concluding the deal requires approval by the governments of both countries , which have never had direct air links . 
In addition , a handful of paintings from the Dorrance collection remain to be sold at Sotheby 's annual old masters paintings auction in January . 
Peter will take the kernel of that idea and make it grow into something specific ... . '' 
The owners of a 32-acre hotel and office complex in King of Prussia , Pa. , have advertised for new financing . 
She added , however : `` It is not robust by any means . '' 
The Senate estimates that its version of the provision would yield $ 17 million the first year and a total of $ 409 million over five years . 
Unless the Soviet Union collapses , German reunification is likely to require Germany 's neutralization . 
The guidelines were distributed to U.S. attorneys last summer but were disclosed for the first time by press reports this week . 
Mr. Schuman 's `` Violin Concerto , '' which sounds more like a mildly atonal rhapsody for solo violin with orchestral accompaniment , meanders until the propulsive `` Agitato , fervente . '' 
Not only was August 's deficit far worse than July 's , but the government revised the July figure substantially from the $ 7.58 billion deficit it had initially reported last month . 
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place . 
Dow Jones industrials 2683.20 , up 39.55 ; transportation 1263.51 , up 15.64 ; utilities 215.42 , up 1.45 . 
But even if he effects a Hyde-to-Jekyll transformation , he will face a serious ideological crisis and Reunification Scenario Two . 
Unfortunately , the toxin is also poisonous . 
But like other real estate professionals accustomed to California 's quake risks , Mr. Leventhal anticipates little long-term change in the city 's commercial real estate market . 
And with the recent acquisition of 30 % of Winterthur-based machinery manufacturer Gebrueder Sulzer AG , Mr. Rey has enjoyed the status of white knight . 
We sympathize with Mrs. Thatcher 's reluctance to tie her currency to one governed by the domestic political imperatives of West Germany . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 28 , 1989 , through Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 26 . 
As for Lincoln , if you ca n't guess why he 's so sweet to his sister when everybody else hates her , then I 'm not going to tell you . 
A bill giving the Transportation Department the power to block airline leveraged buy-outs cleared a House panel . 
`` The feeling among many experts on the commercial side is that the price paid at the time was excessive in any event , '' Mr. Tunick says . 
Isaac Hersly , 41 years old , was elected president and chief operating officer of this designer and marketer of graphics , video , cable and other television-related equipment . 
Mr. Mitchell 's first victory came last week , when the Senate passed a deficit-reduction bill that did n't contain a capital-gains provision . 
All these thoughts raced through my head in the 15 seconds of the earthquake 's actual duration . 
`` I do it innately and pathologically , and while it may occasionally get me into trouble , it 's also gotten me access to parties and society , '' he says . 
They are looking for a new editor for National Lampoon and are trying to sell Heavy Metal . 
Ad Notes ... . 
Northgate said it will own about 50 % of the equity and 81 % of the votes of ABM after the amalgamation . 
`` The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association . 
The six-story hotel will be on Gorky Street and initially will cater mostly to business travelers . 
If they ca n't secure immediate passage of a capital-gains plan , administration officials also are n't ruling out making a deal with Congress to put off a vote until a firm date in the future , even next year . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Simple policy prescriptions in this case would be to improve debt collection ( taking the gloves off contracted collection agencies ) and to deny new credit to defaulters . 
Canada 's Province of Nova Scotia , shelf offering of up to $ 550 million of debentures . 
Italy 's wholesale price index rose 0.4 % in August from July and was up 6.1 % from a year earlier , the state statistical institute reported . 
The Soviet Communist Party has the power to shape corporate development and mold it into a body dependent upon it . 
Mr. Edelman said the decision `` has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman . '' 
The pitch sailed toward Bobby Thomson high and inside and then , with a crack of the bat , was sent rocketing back into the lower leftfield stands . 
Part of the problem some Europeans have with Turkey seems to stem from its location -- Turkey is n't really part of Europe . 
That amounts to more than $ 350 billion a year . 
The company said results for its second quarter ended Oct. 28 could drop as much as 20 % below the 30 cents a share reported in the year-earlier quarter . 
`` If that 's true , Orange County has to be at least 10 % of that . '' 
Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January , where he had been chairman , president and chief executive , to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in solid waste and recycling , telecommunications and international venture capital . 
Mr. Wathen says his turnaround strategy has been simple : just hack away at the fat . 
-- Some 17.2 % of all money income received by families in 1988 went to the wealthiest 5 % of all families , up from 16.9 % in 1987 . 
On days when prices are tumbling , they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . 
One handout promises : `` Pedigrees , parties , post times , parimutuels and pageantry . '' 
The association spokesman said bus production has declined since January , but could n't offer an explanation for the fall . 
I am not a proponent of everything Gandhi did , but some of his law breaking was justified because India was then under occupation by a foreign power , and Indians were not able to participate fully in decisions that vitally affected them . 
Under traditional legal theories , inability to prove which company manufactured a drug that caused an injury or death would lead to the lawsuit being dismissed . 
$ 200 million of general obligation tax revenue anticipation notes , Series 1990 , due Sept. 28 , 1990 . 
Despite such famous tenants as oil magnate John D. Rockefeller , Lake View Cemetery has fallen on hard times . 
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia-Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised . 
The figures show that spending rose 0.1 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 3.8 % from a year ago . 
Some of the projects being funded by the new issues are the first fruits of Mr. Gandhi 's policy , and they require more capital than the smaller industrial units built in the past . 
However , these faults are not the exclusive property of modern comedies , and I believe Mr. Knight errs when he attempts to link this modern phenomenon too closely to a single category of movie making . 
`` We have not made that decision '' to seek a Jaguar special shareholders ' meeting , said Martyn Watkins , a Ford spokesman in London . 
Silver 's history of volatility is also discouraging investors , dealers say . 
The producers , he says , did a good job of depicting someone `` who had done so much , but who was also a manic-depressive . 
`` The market is concerned about its ability to underwrite all this debt at current levels . '' 
Although Exxon spent heavily during the latest quarter to clean up the Alaskan shoreline blackened by its huge oil spill , those expenses as well as the cost of a continuing spill-related program are covered by $ 880 million in charges taken during the first half . 
The decision reflects the Fed 's tougher stance on enforcing the Community Reinvestment Act , a federal law passed in 1977 to help low-income residents obtain loans . 
Still , in recent days , machinists ' union leaders have shown some new flexibility . 
Mr. Muniak 's company , Balag Ltd. , has agreed to set aside the money to plant and maintain it , but discussions are still going on over where to place it and how to ensure that it will be maintained . 
`` You do n't want to lose the magic '' of the company 's creative drive . 
Sales slipped 1.3 % to $ 2.82 billion from $ 2.86 billion . 
Exteriors are faced with brick , wood or stone , but the homes are made of steel-reinforced concrete . 
`` We had no serious damage on the railroad , '' said a Southern Pacific spokesman . 
In addition , White House aides think that there are numerous other important measures Democrats badly wanted passed -- such as the scaling back of a controversial catastrophic health-care plan for the elderly -- that might provide the president leverage in cutting deals with Democrats . 
Mr. Baldwin likes the offering . 
Northgate Exploration Ltd. said it is proposing to amalgamate four of its associated companies . 
`` I 'm not going to jump on them the first day they come out . '' 
`` We urge our people not to wait until they have to fight for their own nation , '' says Mr. Verwoerd . 
This would be consistent with its unwavering support for the Brady Plan and G-7 exchange-rate intervention , and with its financial commitment to Mexico , Poland and others . 
Still , Hugo 's impact may revive unsuccessful proposals to give local governments authority to levy sales taxes . 
He said he might now sell his AMR stake , buy more shares , or make another offer at a lower price . 
The deluge has spurred cost-conscious companies to action , with mail rooms throwing the stuff out rather than taking the time or money to deliver it . 
Yet , late last year , Congress effectively reversed this decision by enacting a one-sentence statute that defined fraud to include any scheme to deprive another of `` the intangible right of honest services . '' 
The Rafale project is the result of France 's inability jointly to develop a plane with other countries , and French officials question whether the state can continue paying for expensive independent programs . 
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation . 
That is the way the system works . 
Sweden 's National Audit Bureau releases its report confirming payment of about $ 40 million to unidentified Indians . 
August imports claimed 18.5 % of the U.S. market , compared with 19.3 % in July and 20.5 % in August 1988 . 
The company said per-share earnings were slightly reduced by the sale of 4.1 million shares of treasury stock to the company 's newly formed Employee Stock Ownership Plans . 
`` Sometimes , '' says his wife , `` we 're happy about that . '' 
`` The problem is , if people get down in the dumps , they stop selling , '' says Mike Durcan , a laid-off sales manager in Wang 's Austin office . 
Corporate lobbyist Charls Walker is planning a spring conference to discuss what tax changes to make to improve `` competitiveness . '' 
Third-quarter earnings at Amerada Hess more than tripled to $ 51.81 million , or 64 cents a share , from $ 15.7 million , or 20 cents a share , a year earlier . 
As part of a previously announced transaction , Federal Mogul Corp. has bought approximately 565,000 shares of its common stock from Nortek Inc. at $ 23.50 a share . 
The balance-sheet detail was opposed by many banks and thrifts that felt the cost of supplying such data was n't worth the value of the disclosures . 
WPP GROUP 'S Ogilvy & Mather expects profit margins to improve to 11.5 % in 1990 in the U.S. 
LIN , which has agreed with BellSouth Corp. to merge their cellular-telephone businesses , said then that it would n't take a position on McCaw 's revised tender offer . 
PWA said it also expects to announce by Tuesday whether it will take delivery of all 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft it previously ordered . 
The numbers were adjusted for usual seasonal fluctuations . 
`` It means that Sikes is serious about the deregulation of long distance , '' said Jack Grubman , a telecommunications analyst at PaineWebber Inc. , who attended the FCC meeting . 
`` There may not be as many and the buyers may not get away with some of the things they 've done in the past , but deals wo n't disappear . '' 
Hewlett-Packard claims that the software allows a network to run three times as many tasks as conventional networks and will run each task twice as fast . 
Late Thursday , the Treasury said it needed to raise $ 17 billion quickly and would do so by issuing new securities this week . 
Since then , a second group of franchisees has banded together to try to wrestle control of the unit from Mr. Posner . 
The Merc is now cooperating with the Comex in developing such a device to provide such an audit trail . 
Thrifts raised capital mostly by selling mortgages and mortgage-backed securities , which were reduced by $ 7.8 billion in August from the prior month . 
The Miami-based company 's stock fell $ 1.75 yesterday to $ 20.75 a share in heavy American Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Last May , a government panel released a report on the extent and causes of the problem . 
`` Much of what we set out to do is completed . '' 
The National Restaurant Association says quick-service restaurant units in the U.S. rose 14 % to 131,146 between 1983 and 1987 , the last year for which figures are available . 
A rule forbidding staffers to own competitors ' cars has been lifted , and now many designers drive foreign cars to get useful ideas . 
Durable goods orders for September , due out tomorrow , are expected to show a slip of 1 % , compared with August 's 3.9 % increase . 
I 've organized a series of exchanges , exhibitions and other continuing projects between Cuban and American artists . 
Other airlines would have access to the system , they said , and negotiations with partners were already under way . 
The amount of blood surgical patients can donate and store before surgery can be increased by the new genetically engineered drug , EPO . 
But the worriers remain unconvinced . 
Jaguar shareholders would have to bless such a far-reaching accord . 
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange . 
As of Feb. 1 , 1990 , the Bullocks Wilshire stores will operate as I. Magnin stores . 
There is a lot of waste . 
StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it sent a more detailed merger proposal to much-larger Mesa Airlines . 
Oil-tool prices are even edging up . 
On Storer as a whole , KKR racked up compound annual returns of 60 % in the three years it owned Storer . 
Although you may have forgotten , public opinion about Gen. Noriega is where it is in large measure because of my investigation of his years of involvement in narcotics smuggling ( and simultaneous work as a U.S. operative ) . 
Saturday night she dined in an emergency shelter on salmon steaks prepared by chefs from one of the city 's four-star restaurants . 
Two other firms , Ovonic Imaging Systems Inc. of Troy , Mich. , and Magnascreen Corp. of Pittsburgh are developing a variation of the flat-panel screens called active-matrix liquid crystal displays . 
Trading was active . 
Net loss : $ 100.2 million ; $ 1.90 a share 
But `` on a new car , a rebate does n't work well '' because it cheapens the vehicle 's image , contends Thomas D. Mignanelli , executive vice president of Nissan 's U.S. sales arm . 
Many foreign trading offices in Hong Kong were swamped with telexes and telephone calls from Chinese trade officials urging them not to sever ties . 
`` These days , anything can happen . 
Pinnacle West Capital Corp. , which has been wrangling with regulators for months over what to do about Pinnacle 's moribund Merabank thrift unit , suspended its dividend and reported a 91 % plunge in third-quarter net income . 
But the interest rates they charge are often near Japan 's 54.75 % legal limit , says Kenji Utsunomiya , a lawyer specializing in loan troubles . 
Pilferage climbed dramatically as many angry employees `` felt abandoned by the former owners , '' says the University of Florida sociologist . 
He rose to chief of intelligence in Panama 's socalled G-2 in 1970 after providing populist dictator Torrijos the critical support to defeat a coup attempt against him a year earlier . 
Private-sector union contracts signed in the third quarter granted slightly lower wage increases than those signed in the second quarter , but wage increases still are running above last year 's levels . 
The chamber voted 69-26 Friday to convict the judge of perjury and bribery conspiracy . 
Meanwhile , his big losses , for instance in 1987 's crash , generally have been trading losses . 
Janice Duclos , in addition to possessing one of the evening 's more impressive vocal instruments , brings an unsuspected comedic touch to her role of Olga , everybody 's favorite mom . 
`` We still have serious differences with the text , '' a British official said , because it provides for a `` regulation of the labor market . '' 
In numerous parks near San Francisco , rangers have been forced to close trails , set up speed traps and use radar guns to curb fast and reckless riding . 
Nonperforming loans will make up only about 0.5 % of the combined banks ' total loans outstanding , he said . 
The 66-year-old Mr. Lee recently spent an hour discussing the state of Asia and the world with two Journal reporters in his plainly furnished , wood-paneled office . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
It is always the responsibility of investors to keep track of the orders they have placed . 
Mr. Pinola is president and chief operating officer of Penn Mutual Life Insurance Co . 
`` I 'm the secretary-general , if there is one , '' he says , greeting a visitor to his office . 
Chambers Development Class A jumped 3 1\/8 to 37 1\/8 and Class B rose 2 5\/8 to 37 1\/4 . 
The Cypress structure opened in June 1957 , and as such , like many buildings in the San Francisco Bay area , does not meet current building codes requiring considerably more steel support . 
Diane Seaman , an NBC-TV vice president , says NBC has been able to charge premium rates for this ad time . 
But the spokesman confirmed that Saatchi has received several inquiries from companies interested in acquiring its Campbell-Mithun and Rowland units . 
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % . 
IF IN VITRO fertilization works , it usually does so after only a few tries . 
Not all Poles are pleased . 
Undoubtedly Mr. Bush will be praised by some Latin leaders prone to pay lip service to nonintervention , while they privately encourage more assertive U.S. action to remove Gen. Manuel Noriega and safeguard their countries from a Sandinista onslaught . 
On the other hand , Mr. Cheney retained all those new land forces . 
Westmoreland 's strategy is to retain and expand its core business of mining and selling low-sulphur coal in the Appalachia region . 
Even after-hours drag ; `` karaoke '' bars , where Japanese revelers sing over recorded music , are prohibited by Mexico 's powerful musicians union . 
\* Actual performance , not annualized 
In 1987 , China exported 65 million pounds of mushrooms , valued at $ 47 million , to the U.S. . 
The company has been considered an industry leader in advocating cooperation and voluntary disclosures of improper or inflated billing practices . 
The Oneida , N.Y. , maker of consumer , food-service and industrial products also declared a quarterly cash dividend of 12 cents a share , with the same payable and record dates . 
Mr. Blandon says the general allowed the Contras to set up a secret training center in Panama . 
Platinum and palladium struggled to maintain their prices all day despite news stories over the weekend that recent cold fusion experiments , which use both metals , showed signs of producing extra heat . 
SMALL TALK : 
PACIFIC GAS & ELECTRIC CO. , San Francisco , electric , gas and water supplier , annual sales $ 7.6 billion , some minor damage to headquarters , undetermined damage to four nearby substations , severe structural damage to a major power plant at Moss Landing , extensive damage to gas lines and electric lines , 400,000 residences without electricity and 69,000 without gas , can not reconnect electricity until it is certain there are no gas leaks , no predictions on when this will happen . 
But that development also had little effect on traders ' sentiment . 
Previously , he had served in financial planning positions at the company 's Eastern Airlines unit . 
The publisher was able to register soaring quarter net income because of a onetime gain on the sale of its cable-TV system . 
Book value per share , which is based on investments at cost , was a negative $ 6.69 a share . 
U.S. holdings of IMF special drawing rights last month rose $ 247 million , to $ 9.49 billion , and its reserve position at the IMF increased $ 142 million , to $ 8.79 billion . 
`` Labor takes the biggest single chunk out of the ` food dollar , ' '' says Frank Pankyo of the Food Institute . 
Earlier this month the company said its board approved a proposed management-led leveraged buy-out at $ 25.50 a share , or $ 750 million . 
Dow said it already has agreements with Albert J. Smith Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of PSE , and certain other officers of the company under which Dow may buy about 40 % of the PSE common shares outstanding . 
The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit-taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29 . 
Tan Sri Basir said the capital restructuring plan has been approved by Malaysia 's Capital Issues Committee and central bank . 
Interactive telephone technology has taken a new leap in sophistication , and television programmers are racing to exploit the possibilities . 
By yesterday 's close of trading , it was good for a paltry $ 43.5 million . 
`` This bad trade number raises some deeper issues about the market decline , '' said Norman Robertson , chief economist for Mellon Bank . 
The two sides had n't met since Oct. 18 . 
`` If prices in the States go down , industrial buyers in Europe have the opportunity of getting reasonable prices in the U.S. , '' says Francois von Hurter , chief of Continential M&A at Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd . 
Black activist Walter Sisulu said the African National Congress would n't reject violence as a way to pressure the South African government into concessions that might lead to negotiations over apartheid . 
Sales of capital goods to foreign and domestic destinations increased 16.6 % in the January-June period from a year earlier . 
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense . 
`` We have n't modified our schedules in any way , '' said a Sun spokesman . 
Such a proposal values Jaguar at more than # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.53 billion ) . 
`` The stock market clearly is leading the bond markets , '' said Jack Conlon , an executive vice president at Nikko Securities . 
The cafeteria remains closed . 
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
There was also some fear that without Ivory Coast cocoa a large French cocoa merchant , Cie . Financiere Sucre et Denrees , might not be able to deliver cocoa against the contracts it had sold earlier for December delivery in London . 
Throughout the 1970s , Stamford school and city officials made no effort to locate the mural . 
`` Rates have n't really peeled off that much , '' Mr. Regalia said . 
Morgenzon has long been a special domain of Afrikanerdom . 
Westmoreland Coal Co. , realizing benefits of a sustained effort to cut costs and boost productivity , reported sharply improved third-quarter results . 
Mr. Rahn was shocked , telephoning the office of Richard Darman , director of the Office of Management and Budget , and the administration 's chief strategist on this issue . 
He credits imports . 
Mr. Phillips and Mr. Roman are indeed quite similar in substance , if not in style . 
The 40-year-old Buddy L concern , based in New York , designs and develops toys under the names `` Buddy L '' and `` My First Buddy , '' he said . 
Takamori Matsuda , an analyst at Dresdner-ABD Securities , said fading expectation for lower interest rates made investors step back from real-estate shares , which advanced last week . 
Moreover , essential relief supplies such as ice must be distributed throughout the population because of potential health problems from spoiled food and possible outbreak of disease . 
Like most of Cambria County 's lawyers and residents who had dealings with the judge , Mr. Green declined to be interviewed for this article . 
In the derivative market , insurance companies have scaled back their purchases of Remic securities , or real estate mortgage investment conduits , as they assess potential claims from the recent California earthquake and hurricane in the Carolinas . 
The accounts , which billed about $ 7 million last year , according to Leading National Advertisers , were previously handled at Bozell , New York . 
Of the $ 4.4 billion spent so far on the program , 60 % is going for administrative costs , management and research , the Office of Technology Assessment just reported . 
But Humana says its own facilities could serve its insured for less if they were properly equipped . 
That wo n't matter if they are held to maturity , but if , for any reason , the parents need to sell them before then , there could be a severe loss of principal . 
President Bush has the power to change how Washington works , if only he will use it . 
Xerox Corp. 's third-quarter net income grew 6.2 % on 7.3 % higher revenue , earning mixed reviews from Wall Street analysts . 
Israeli officials confirmed that Energy Minister Moshe Shahal and his Canadian counterpart , Jake Epp , discussed a possible Israeli purchase of a $ 1.1 billion Canadian nuclear reactor for producing electricity . 
Republicans as well as Democrats were angered by the budget director 's rejection of Speaker Foley 's effort to expedite a deficitcutting measure by stripping it of the capital-gains tax cut as well as pet Democratic projects . 
Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , acknowledges that he was n't troubled by program trading when it began in the pre-crash bull market because it added liquidity and people were pleased to see stock prices rising . 
A final ratings tally from A.C. Nielsen Co. is due today . 
Graham Beale , manager of foreign-exchange operations at Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking Corp. in New York , added that Mrs. Thatcher 's comments reinforced the market 's growing confidence about sterling and compounded the unit 's later decline . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
In fact , a sister company , Daewoo Shipbuilding and Heavy Machinery , plans to build 240,000 minicars by the mid-1990s . 
The upper echelon of this group were shares of the `` nifty 50 '' companies whose profits of the 1960s and early 1970s grew steadily , if not spectacularly , through thick and thin . 
But the administration has dropped any effort to win military aid for the rebels . 
S. Waite Rawls III , vice chairman of Continental Bank , First Options ' parent company , said the firm took on about 160 accounts formerly held by Fossett , almost all of them belonging to professional floor traders . 
Like lemmings , we tend to move in the same direction at same time . '' 
In a meeting in New York yesterday , the committee put on hold instructions it gave two weeks ago to its experts to explore other options for Eastern 's future , the sources said . 
Baby Ruth and Butterfinger are both among the top-selling 15 chocolate bars in the U.S. , but RJR 's overall share of the roughly $ 5.1 billion market is less than 5 % . 
The market , however , is expected to remain stable and expectations for future gains are high , traders said . 
In fact , we have agents assigned full time to assist the MPD in drug-related crimes such as homicide and other crimes of violence . 
`` Our essential focus is on domestic policy , '' Mr. Greenspan said , referring to the goals of price stability and a stable economy . 
`` Bugs like this are just a normal part of product development , '' said Richard Archuleta , director of Hewlett-Packard Co. 's advanced systems development . 
The Arabs had merely oil . 
Morgan Grenfell Group PLC said John Craven , group chief executive officer , is taking over the chairmanship of the merchant banking group from Sir Peter Carey , who is retiring . 
In fact , a very high-ranking Soviet official told an American official at a diplomatic dinner that no change in the policy was contemplated . 
Bob Chandross , chief economist at Lloyds Bank in New York , also noted that the pound 's sharp decline is pegged more to uncertainty in the market than a vision of altered United Kingdom economic policies . 
He does add , however , that transplanted Japanese car makers are boosting the levels of U.S.-made steel in their autos , instead of relying heavily on imported steel . 
The computer maker said net jumped to $ 87 million , or $ 2.02 a share , from $ 58 million , or $ 1.40 a share , a year earlier . 
Santa Fe has disclosed that it is negotiating to sell a 20 % interest in its real estate unit to the California Public Employees Retirement System for roughly $ 400 million . 
WCRS has been in discussions with Eurocom for several months . 
The show , one of five new NBC series , is the second casualty of the three networks so far this fall . 
Although stocks have led bonds this week , some traders predict that relationship will reverse during the next few weeks . 
We reinvented it . 
And IBM worries that the Japanese will take over that equipment market , too , unless U.S. semiconductor companies produce enough memory chips here to keep U.S. equipment makers healthy . 
For those with no holdings , the prospects of buying a home are ever slimmer . 
By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors , they found defects in the second copy of chromosome 13 in the exact area as in the first copy of the chromosome . 
Generally , the Bush administration expressed satisfaction with the economy 's progress as it heads into its eighth year of sustained growth next month . 
In one consumer focus group , a fan declared that , `` Campbell 's soup is like getting a hug from a friend . '' 
David Tunick , the president of David Tunick Inc. , a New York gallery , says scholars question the authenticity of the Rubens . 
Meanwhile , finding a volunteer to write the computer program is n't a problem . 
Hasbro Inc. , the nation 's largest toy maker , reported third-quarter earnings increased 73 % from a year earlier on a 9.4 % sales gain , reflecting improved margins . 
Companies that actually market speed as part of their service train their managers to lead and participate in teams that increase speed and improve quality in everyday operations . 
National Semiconductor Corp. and a start-up named Ramtron Corp. plan to start shipping so-called ferroelectric memories , which can remember data for at least 10 years without any current flowing to them . 
Mr. Leemans said this genetic manipulation does n't hurt the growth of that plant . 
If the stock market and the economy catch their breath and show that they 're on firmer footing , these stocks might well fall back . 
Yet every business owner has to face the mound of forms and regulations -- and often is the only one available to tackle it . 
Analysts believe he may ultimately dispose of some of the non-advertising businesses . 
Because the CD had an effective yield of 13.4 % when it was issued in 1984 , and interest rates in general had declined sharply since then , part of the price Dr. Blumenfeld paid was a premium -- an additional amount on top of the CD 's base value plus accrued interest that represented the CD 's increased market value . 
Mr. Guttman told one person familiar with the New York exchanges during the search for a replacement that he was looking for a president who would be `` responsive to the needs of the membership and the board . '' 
The papers would be handed over at a bank of telephone booths just off Exit 10 . 
At Tokyo , the Nikkei index of 225 selected issues was up 112.16 points to 35486.38 . 
Last week CBS Inc. canceled `` The People Next Door . '' 
But even Mr. Boren defends congressional oversight . 
He has too readily swallowed the case for the activist law school culture . 
And while the defense secretary is speaking out , President Bush himself has n't launched any high-visibility campaign to drum up support , as President Reagan did . 
Neither Mr. Payne nor Mr. Decker could be reached to comment . 
What managers really fear is that the pro-union movement could spread beyond the pilots . 
According to the state department of finance , a one-penny increase in the state 's six-cent per dollar sales tax could raise $ 3 billion . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
I know that I 'm shouting into the breeze here as far as what we 're doing now . 
This is where the voters are , which is where politicians usually end up . 
In general , Mr. Utsumi said , Japanese banks are becoming more `` independent '' in their approach to overseas deals . 
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months . 
Mr. Ross also said he enjoys `` warm professional and personal relationships '' with Japanese executives including Sony Chairman Akio Morita , `` who has visited my home here . '' 
The new exchange drew instant recognition from an unwelcome quarter . 
Guarantee by Credit Lyonnais . 
Investors are still waiting to see how the U.S. government will decide on interest rates and how the dollar will be stabilized . 
`` People were n't so happy in the 1930s , '' says Thomas Lessner , another local professor and the biographer of the legendary Fiorello LaGuardia , the city 's fusion mayor who built a coalition Mr. Giuliani hopes to emulate . 
`` Over the past three and a half years , apparel companies , many of whom have strong brand names , have been bought at about 60 % of sales , '' says Deborah Bronston , Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. apparel analyst . 
From there , he set up his finance company and rapidly expanded from lending to investment in real estate to building golf courses . 
The company 's chemicals interests include , among other things , petroleum additives , pharmaceuticals ingredients and polysilicon used by the semiconductor industry . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Long-term Treasury bonds ended slightly higher . 
Explaining his change of mind , Mr. Straszheim says later , `` It 's hard to pin this on one factor . '' 
Darkness fell . 
The yield on six-month Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction , for example , was just 7.77 % . 
That sale , however , could still fall through if financing problems develop . 
Few small neighborhood businesses , however , can afford such protection , even in collaboration with other local merchants . 
A recent change in French law , according to Toshiba , permitted formation of the semiconductor marketing arm in Paris . 
At this stage some people just `` walk away '' from homes where the mortgage exceeds current market value . 
He also is an entertaining writer , combining wisecracks and wordplay with programmatic detail and lucid explanations of how computers work . 
His point : It will be increasingly difficult for the U.S. to cling to command-and-control measures if even the East Bloc steps to a different drummer . 
The department also said it seeks `` three times the government 's damages , which are presently undetermined , plus penalties . '' 
-- Junior football player . 
Norton and Texas Eastern had each held a 50 % stake in Eastman in a joint venture . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 13\/16 % to 8 11\/16 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
He intends to add to the litigation staff . 
In recent months , California 's Transportation Department has been recruiting in Pennsylvania , Arizona and Texas for engineers experienced in road and bridge design . 
Mostly because of the sell-off in technology stocks , the Nasdaq 100 Index of the OTC 's largest non-financial issues dropped 4.58 to 457.52 . 
Revenue rose 3.5 % to $ 8.47 billion from $ 8.18 billion . 
Surely at some other cosmic address a Gouldoid creature would have risen out of the ooze to explain why , paleontologically speaking , `` it is , indeed , a wonderful life . '' 
GREAT NORTHERN NEKOOSA is being sought by another big paper company , Georgia-Pacific , for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion . 
Unlike other writers who either battled the fascists during the Civil War , or left Spain when Franco triumphed , Mr. Cela fought briefly on the general 's side , no doubt earning with his war wound some forbearance when he went on to depict a country with a high population of vagabonds , murderers and rural idiots trudging aimlessly through a dried-out land . 
Today is the debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association , a new eight-team pro sports circuit , modeled after the highly successful senior tennis and golf tours and complete with good salaries , a cable television contract and even expansion plans . 
The noncallable issue , which is puttable back to the company Nov. 1 , 1994 , was priced at a spread of 62.5 basis points above the Treasury 's five-year note . 
Some high-priced issues made a comeback Friday . 
The committee has two groups of experts it calls on to analyze Eastern 's plans . 
`` A lot of this stuff really is in untested waters , '' says Owen Carney , director of the investment securities division of the U.S. comptroller of the currency . 
The comptroller 's office says it is `` monitoring the situation . '' 
One of the major selling points used by Los Angeles financier Alfred Checchi in getting the takeover approved was that the deal did n't include any junk bonds . 
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms . 
GM and Ford are expected to go head to head in the markets to buy up rival 15 % stakes in Jaguar . 
And we 'll raise it through existing shareholders '' as well as through junk bonds , said Anthony Simonds-Gooding , the private consortium 's chief executive . 
`` Thank God we have some deal on the table , '' said Stewart Gilchrist , a director at Scottish Amicable Investment Managers , which intends to vote its roughly 1 % stake in favor of the restructuring . 
Corporate managers who want to start their own business are the highest failure risks . 
The machines , which at $ 12,500 are inexpensive by medical standards , have n't been approved in the U.S. for marketing as brain stimulators but are sold for stimulating nerves in the hand , legs and other non-brain areas . 
He altered the wording to win Mr. Greenspan 's endorsement . 
This misguided policy could not prevent a British trade deficit . 
-- Mimi Kay . 
Secondly , critics have charged AZT 's maker Burroughs Wellcome Co. with corporate inertia because children account for just 1 % of the patient population and hence a small part of the large and lucrative market . 
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis . 
Total magazine ad revenue for the same period increased 12 % to $ 4.6 billion . 
Frank grovels a little for the bookers , probably no more or less than he would have to if he worked for a big corporation . 
Unisys said that should help it save $ 500 million a year in costs , again at the high end of the previously reported range of $ 400 million to $ 500 million . 
The State Development Board set up a Hugo Hotline to accept business-to-business help . 
But it could also accelerate `` marketization '' by reinforcing industrial accountability , breaking up state monopolies , giving managers a stake in solutions , and ensuring that modernization is not reversible for failure to address environmental effects . 
`` People are placing small bets . 
But David Hawkins , an environmental lawyer with the Natural Resources Defense Council , said the research appears merely to be a way to promote reformulated gasoline . 
The CBS plan to use big-time sports as a platform for other series carries no guarantee of success , however . 
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble . 
It 's sort of loyalty by default . 
In the wake of Friday 's plunge and yesterday 's rebound , some companies are already postponing deals , and others wish they could . 
Some people call it `` The Mistake on the Lake '' -- Lake Erie , that is . 
As the music swells , viewers discover they 're watching a commercial for Lone Star Beer , the pride of Texas , a product of G. Heileman Brewing Co. , a La Crosse , Wis. , unit of Bond Corp . 
Today , Lloyd 's share of the world market , excluding life insurance , is about 2 % . 
Silver prices could also be boosted by strikes in leading producing nations Peru and Mexico , Mr. Demler says . 
Single-cell protein never panned out , and most companies abandoned such research . 
Mike Greece Former Air Force Career Officer New York 
Meanwhile , in the squat office buildings that ring Fashion Island , the odds are good that someone is getting fleeced . 
Pfizer gained 1 7\/8 to 67 5\/8 , Schering-Plough added 2 1\/4 to 75 3\/4 , Eli Lilly rose 1 3\/8 to 62 1\/8 and Upjohn firmed 3\/4 to 38 . 
Many companies in the path of potential disaster have set up contingency offices in safe regions , hoping they can transport employees there and resume operations quickly . 
Ohio , the District of Columbia , Tennessee and Illinois have been less resistant to Drexel than the other six states , but nonetheless have refused to settle so far , say those familiar with the discussions . 
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention . 
The apparel maker would n't disclose terms of the agreement . 
USAir and Mr. Buffett wo n't talk about Mr. Steinhardt at all . 
When industries were weak , it protected them . 
whose Della Femina McNamee WCRS agency created liar Joe Isuzu , among others -- announced a massive restructuring that largely removes it from the advertising business and includes selling the majority of its advertising unit to Paris-based Eurocom . 
As you can guess , the Blandings want to deduct home-mortgage interest on the $ 200,000 loan . 
Unilab Corp. , Norcross , Ga. , said it acquired the clinical laboratories of closely held Central Diagnostic Laboratory Inc. in a cash and securities transaction valued at $ 85 million . 
In effect , Holiday is asking holders for permission for Bass to buy their debt . 
But others , large landowners , real-estate developers and business leaders , say the government 's proposals are intolerable . 
The FTC first issued an administrative complaint in the case in 1985 . 
Recognition Equipment said it expected to put the agreement with Prospect to a vote of its stockholders at a special meeting in January . 
Congress sent to President Bush an $ 8.5 billion military construction bill that cuts spending for new installations by 16 % while revamping the Pentagon budget to move more than $ 450 million from foreign bases to home-state projects . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , down more than 60.25 points early in the day , finished 18.65 points lower at 2638.73 . 
The room in question is the directors ' lounge of H.J. Heinz Co. , 60 floors above the bustle of Pittsburgh . 
Yet another political scandal is racking Japan . 
The merger would create Scandinavia 's seventh largest bank , with combined assets of 210 billion Norwegian kroner ( $ 30.3 billion ) . 
And deposits at NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. , have increased $ 2 billion since last year after heavy advertising stressing commitment to Texas . 
Integrated also said it expects to report a second-quarter loss wider than the earlier estimate of about $ 600 million . 
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corp. said it decided to proceed with installation of automatic gauge and shape controls at its 60-inch tandem cold rolling mill in Allenport , Pa . 
Mr. Marinaro could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
That money also would have to be borrowed . 
Though Ms. Pfeiffer has the flashy part -- she gets the best comic bits and to wear glamorous dresses and spiked heels the boys are pretty great , too . 
Employers foot the bill , he says , figuring what 's good for the couple is good for the company . 
Japanese concerns have retained a number of publishing consultants and media brokers to study the U.S. market , including the New York-based investment banker Veronis , Suhler & Associates . 
Finally , flouting the BPCA 's wishes to continue the popular two-mile riverside Esplanade , prized for its expansive views of New York Harbor , the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island , Ms. Bartlett threw up yet another wall , this time concrete , this time 10 1\/2 feet tall . 
An NBC spokesman says the network will `` closely monitor '' the Sacramento situation , and says it is the only station to defect . 
Broader averages also fell . 
So far , New York , New Jersey , Nebraska , Georgia , Michigan and Minnesota have outlawed Mr. Maynard 's device , citing health concerns . 
As Mr. Reagan 's running mate , though , Mr. Bush plunged headlong into the anti-abortion position , endorsing a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion . 
`` If you do n't save your critical people , you wo n't be able to bring up your vital business functions . '' 
Regular TV series ratings have slumped in the past five years , and premiering new shows is `` a crap shoot , '' Mr. Pilson says . 
That cut short the rally in Treasury bonds and depressed prices moderately below late Monday 's levels . 
Among major pass-through issues , Ginnie Mae 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 98 15\/32 , up 5\/32 , after touching an early high of 98 27\/32 ; 8 % securities were at 94 5\/32 , up 9\/32 ; 9 1\/2 % securities at 100 15\/32 , up 4\/32 ; and 10 % securities at 102 11\/32 , up 3\/32 . 
Poland 's plan to switch to a free-market economy by 1991 is hampered by a foreign debt load of $ 39.2 billion . 
Stock prices tumbled for a third consecutive day as earnings disappointments , a sluggish economy and a fragile junk bond market continued to weigh on investors . 
The Fed would eliminate the cause of the potential panic rather than attempting to treat the symptom -- the liquidity of the banks . 
Exxon 
1 . Make sure you have a strong personnel department . 
It will develop , produce and market high-performance electronic parts . 
Interest expense in the 1988 third quarter was $ 75.3 million . 
If the program is meant to provide a subsidy , collecting the debt defeats the original goal . 
Telxon Corp. said its vice president for manufacturing resigned and its Houston work force has been trimmed by 40 people , or about 15 % . 
The Charter Revision Commission has made it clear that in response to the expectations of the Justice Department and the commission 's own commitment to enhancing minority political leadership , the new district lines will be drawn to maximize the number of solidly minority districts . 
They argue that their own languages should have equal weight , although recent surveys indicate that the majority of the country 's population understands Filipino more than any other language . 
Average daily trading volume : 881,969 shares 
It is more aggressive than most , but it is n't the only company with a new attitude , as it found when it went looking for a partner for the Sharpshooter . 
Jaguar ( OTC ; Symbol : JAGRY ) 
Winners outpaced losers , 572 to 368 , while 181 issues remained unchanged . 
Now , among Communist reformers , they are objects of envy . 
Moreover , any unexpected strengthening of the dollar would hurt Georgia-Pacific because two of Nekoosa 's major product lines -- containerboard , which is used to make shipping boxes , and market pulp -- are exported in large quantities . 
Urging LIN directors to conduct `` a fair auction on a level playing field , '' McCaw asked how well the public interest would be served `` with the Bell operating companies controlling over 94 % of all cellular { potential customers } in the nation 's top 10 markets . 
The cycle has been repeated several times since China began reforming its planned economy in 1979 . 
The transaction would mark the entry of P&G into cosmetics . 
The sole sympathetic character is the prodigal daughter Kate ( Jaclyn Smith ) , and she is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk , a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants whose grim existence consists mostly of growing peaches and repressing sex . 
Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs , a liberal research group , said that Latin American countries would be `` profoundly disappointed '' if Canada were to follow the U.S. lead in the OAS . 
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick . 
The approval satisfies the remaining conditions of the purchase , which is expected to close within two weeks . 
JURY 'S CRIMINAL CONVICTION under Superfund law is a first . 
Maybe it 's crazy , '' he said . 
A second group of three company directors , aligned with Rally 's founder James Patterson , also is seeking control of the fast-food chain . 
The engine involved was a CF6-6 made by General Electric Co . 
In the late 1960s she designed a lightweight stretch bra that boosted sales . 
`` By the end of the 1990s , '' he said , `` we want to be producing roughly two vehicles overseas for every vehicle that we export from Japan . '' 
Earlier this year , the U.S. attorney indicted 45 floor traders and one clerk at the two big Chicago exchanges . 
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed . 
Former President Richard Nixon is to visit China at the invitation of the government beginning Saturday , the Foreign Ministry announced . 
For example , we 'll bet you thought that the stock market crashed two years ago . 
The internal transaction within the Rey empire puzzled Harpener 's small shareholders , but analysts say it makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of product inspection and temporary help . 
President de Klerk 's government permitted the rally , and security forces did n't interfere . 
House-Senate conferees agreed to continue production of Grumman Corp. 's F-14 jet and to provide more than $ 3.8 billion during the current fiscal year to develop a space-based anti-missile system . 
The sudden influx of liquidity enabled several traders to reap six-figure windfalls in a matter of minutes as prices soared , traders said . 
In addition , corporations are now shouldering a bigger share of the tax burden , as the authors of the 1986 law hoped . 
Afterward , as the A 's toasted their victory with beer ( they dispensed with traditional champagne showers in deference to the quake victims ) , Stewart said he thought his championship-team ring would outshine his individual trophy . 
The new rate will be payable Feb. 15 . 
The board is n't proposing a slate of its own and the other four current directors do n't want to serve beyond the special meeting date , Newport said . 
The molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor , which directs the growth and function of white blood cells . 
Mr. Schwarz 's great-grandfather founded the New York toy store F.A.O. Schwarz , but his family no longer has ties to the company . 
Mr. Courter , by comparison , seems a shadow of the confident hawk who defended Oliver North before national cameras at Iran-Contra hearings two years ago . 
`` There 'll be fewer and fewer deals . '' 
`` This is an outstanding example of how the East and the West can work together for their mutual benefit and progress , '' said Soviet Ambassador Yuri Dubinin , who hosted a signing ceremony for the venture 's partners at the Soviet embassy here . 
On the morning of the long-planned announcement , International Business Machines Corp. is to introduce its own new mainframe . 
Meanwhile , fewer than 10 % of the healthy cells were killed . 
`` Soon it 'll be so crowded , '' a narrator complains , `` that people will start eating each other . '' 
Richard Avena , executive director of the Texas Civil Liberties Union , called the proposal `` political gimmickry , '' and said it fails to recognize the drug problem as a health issue . 
At the same time , personal income was held down by the effects of Hurricane Hugo , which tore through parts of North and South Carolina in late September . 
The only U.S. liability in the region is what remains of the link to Mr. Barre , and that should be cut fast . 
When he arrived in the U.S. in 1969 -- the start of an eight-year tour -- he tried selling Japanese yen-denominated bonds to U.S. investors . 
Part of a Series } 
Mr. Steinkuehler said at a convention in West Berlin that the union has to prepare for `` a big fight '' to achieve its main goal of a 35-hour workweek , down from current 37-hour workweek . 
The metaphor of theater is not entirely coincidental . 
Now , we regard this as a largely phony issue , but the `` long term '' is nonetheless a big salon topic all around the Beltway . 
Under one count , Gulf Power would plead guilty to conspiring to violate the Utility Holding Company Act . 
Miss Shlaes is editorial features editor of The Wall Street Journal\/Europe . 
Lawrence Insurance , based in Albany , N.Y. , plans to use the $ 22.5 million in proceeds to help finance the acquisition of United Republic . 
GM 's interest in Jaguar reflects a desire to help diversify the U.S. company 's products in the growing luxury-car segment of the market . 
The drug , which is still in the experimental phase , has n't been approved yet by the Food and Drug Admistration , and its long-term effects are unknown . 
And there 's more . 
Mr. Terrizzi confirms some clients have left Renaissance , but no major ones , and the firm has added new accounts . 
Strategies vary for Westridge Capital , which has $ 300 million under management . 
-- John Drybred . 
Just after Hurricane Hugo battered South Carolina , some officials talked of perhaps adding a penny to the state gasoline tax or raising property taxes . 
European dealers continued to dominate the action in old masters , which Sotheby 's North America had lately been touting in this country . 
Beef prices , hovering near records since the drought , could drop in earnest this winter if ranchers expand herds . 
Commodore said that its announcement is based on preliminary information and that the situation could look different by the time final results are announced early next month . 
The consumer brands unit was absorbed by the photographic , pharmaceutical and chemical concern last year when it acquired Sterling Drug Inc . 
They are worth more because they pay higher interest than newly issued bonds do . 
Mr. Bush announced several weeks ago that he intended to send such a mission , composed of top government aides and business and labor leaders . 
West Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was at 99.95 late yesterday , off 0.10 point from Monday , to yield 7.01 % . 
Brands made by the Kraft General Foods unit of Philip Morris Cos. had about 95 % of the market share . 
But many of these stocks have now become expensive . 
Still , Unisys said its European business was weak during the quarter , a worrisome sign given that the company has relied on solid results overseas to overcome weakness in the U.S. over the past several quarters . 
Insurers could see claims totaling nearly $ 1 billion from the San Francisco earthquake , far less than the $ 4 billion from Hurricane Hugo . 
But , I have to tell you that it seems to me that the conceptual base of the current program is flawed and the program is not likely to work . 
`` It liquefies in a patchwork quilt pattern . 
And 45 companies paid effective tax rates of below 10 % of their income . 
This activity produced small rallies , which in turn attracted new short selling . 
Drugs continue to be sold openly around schools , parks and housing projects . '' 
J.C. Penney Co. is extending its involvement in a televised home-shopping service by five to 10 years . 
Since then , further research argues that failure to take account of quality improvements has contributed a total of at least 0.26 percentage point to the downward bias in the growth rate . 
`` Many of the branches are very lucrative , '' she says . 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. is reviewing debt issued by 12 California counties , and `` there are potential isolated problems , '' said Hyman Grossman , a managing director . 
In fact , this is the best bargain available to someone traveling abroad . 
`` We know there are potholes for the city out there , '' says Mr. Paterson , Mr. Dinkins 's former law partner . 
`` We did n't look at it and say , ` Oh my God , something is going to happen , ' '' said Stanley Uhr , vice president and corporate counsel . 
In an Oct. 10 editorial-page article , `` It 's the World Bank 's Turn to Adjust , '' Paul Craig Roberts lays most of the blame for what ails developing countries at the doorstep of the World Bank . 
Paribas said Lonrho will participate in the forthcoming capital boost for Societe Commerciale . 
Too bad theory fails in practice . 
During negotiations with American officials in May 1988 over proposals to drop the U.S. indictments in exchange for his resignation , Mr. Noriega often asked almost plaintively how the Americans , whom he had helped for so many years , could turn against him . 
Bond Corp. signaled it will focus on building its domestic and international media and communications businesses . 
As the yen soared in recent years , Sansui 's deepening financial problems became a vicious circle . 
The company closed at $ 12 a share , down 62.5 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Sales gained 5 % to $ 1.59 billion from $ 1.52 billion . 
The financial problems are particularly frustrating for salespeople pushing Wang 's image systems , which convert paper forms to electronic documents . 
These bonds , now rated single-D , include junk offerings by AP Industries , Columbia Savings ( Colorado ) , First Texas Savings Association , Gilbraltar Financial Corp. , Integrated Resources Inc. , Metropolitan Broadcasting Corp. , Resorts International Inc. , Southmark Corp. and Vyquest Inc . 
Edward O'Brien , president of the Securities Industry Association , said that the securities-industry trade group opposes the bill as it is written but that it is `` hopeful a compromise can be reached to achieve the SEC 's goals . '' 
`` We made our own decision , '' he said . 
If the pound had been tied to the mark , the British would have been unable to cut their exorbitant tax rates . 
Daily trading volume in the New York foreign exchange market is $ 130 billion . 
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex-accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either . 
The damage to the Bay area 's roadways could cause significant economic hardship . 
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions . 
Terms of the bank holding companies ' agreement were n't disclosed . 
And the acquisition , which made Aska one of Christies ' top five shareholders , left many people wondering who this man was and what his intentions were . 
Columbia announced the results after the close of the stock market . 
Mr. Louis-Dreyfus , in a recent interview , said he might sell `` a marginal agency or office . '' 
After the company reported red ink for the fiscal third quarter , Wang 's marketing department provided the sales force answers to questions such as `` How could you not have known you were going to lose $ 55 million ? '' and `` Is Wang still a viable company ? '' 
However , some bankers cited possible parallels between the Waertsilae Marine case and the collapse of Norway 's state-owned Kongsberg Vappenfabrikk AS two years ago . 
The company maintains that it does n't expect Emhart to contribute to earnings for about another 12 months . 
Mortgage securities ended 2\/32 to 4\/32 higher in light trading . 
He projected it would be operating about 1,000 flights a day by late spring , only slightly fewer than the carrier 's old volume of 1,050 a day . 
Tokyo stocks closed higher in active trading Friday , marking the fourth consecutive daily gain since Monday 's sharp fall . 
The farmers stayed angry . 
General Motors Corp. is sponsoring its first independent display in 10 years , and it includes a boxy Buick station wagon with wood-grain side panels . 
Several other Japanese companies and regional governments have sent aid to San Francisco . 
Lloyd 's , once a pillar of the world insurance market , is being shaken to its very foundation . 
First Boston Corp. is sole underwriter . 
It should seek only to maintain the functioning of markets -- not to prop up the Dow Jones or New York Stock Exchange averages at a particular level . 
A lot of observers think so , and , if they 're right , the whole economy as well as the spendthrifts among us could be hurt . 
One option the board is likely to consider today is some sort of cooling-off period . 
The bonds , rated single-A by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1992 to 7.26 % in 2019 . 
To encourage more competition among exporting countries , the U.S. is proposing that export subsidies , including tax incentives for exporters , be phased out in five years . 
Interest will be imposed on unpaid taxes , but late-payment penalties on the returns will be waived if the balance due and paid is 10 % or less of the liability . 
Michael late yesterday announced a $ 3.8 million stock buy-back program . 
Georgia-Pacific owns 349,900 Nekoosa shares and would need federal antitrust clearance to buy more than $ 15 million worth . 
A program-bashing move is clearly on . 
Marvin Davis , whose $ 5.4 billion takeover bid originally put the nation 's second-largest airline in play , is limited by a standstill agreement with UAL he signed in September . 
Unveiled last April , the chip crams 1.2 million transistors on a sliver of silicon , more than four times as many as on Intel 's earlier model , 80386 . 
The British parent is also streamlining : Brooks Brothers , which continues to make almost all of its merchandise , recently shut one of its two shirt plants in Paterson , N.J. , and has closed boys ' departments in all but 20 stores . 
) What about banning abortions in the second and third trimesters ? 
Trade Representative Carla Hills , who along with Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter unveiled the proposal , said she is confident it will gain considerable support from the U.S. 's trading partners . 
Take Cleveland . 
Third-quarter loan originations dropped sharply to $ 663 million from $ 1 billion a year ago . 
The Vatican was in the red last year . 
It 's ironic that David Boren should be in the center of this mire . 
Minpeco has threatened a `` volcano '' of litigation if the Manufacturers Hanover Corp. unit attempts to force such a plan through the court . 
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month-old strike by workers at the facility . 
Three new books make the point that one large price of the glittery college-sports show can be the integrity of the schools that stage it . 
The largest volume drop -- down 445,645 shares to 141,903 -- came in shares represented by B.A.T Industries PLC 's American depositary receipts . 
Leverage is used only by some of the closed-end funds . 
At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid . 
Though growers ca n't always keep the worm from the apple , they can protect themselves against the price vagaries of any one variety by diversifying -- into the recently imported Gala , a sweet New Zealand native ; the Esopus Spitzenburg , reportedly Thomas Jefferson 's favorite apple ; disease-resistant kinds like the Liberty . 
Some analysts believe China soon will begin relaxing economic controls , particularly by loosening credit . 
Jaguar ended 22 higher at 747 . 
The nine major U.S. auto makers plan to build 147,121 vehicles this week , down 9.6 % from the 162,767 a year ago , but 2.5 % higher than last week 's 143,534 . 
The second part , consisting of $ 1 billion of noncallable bonds due Oct. 1 , 1999 , was priced as 8 3\/8 % securities at 99.691 to yield 8.42 % . 
It began in 1973 , when he was being considered for deputy mayor , and a routine check unearthed the extraordinary fact that he had n't paid his income tax for the previous four years . 
`` We are reaching the moment of truth '' on Wall Street , said Rep. Edward J. Markey ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the House subcommittee on telecommunications and finance . 
Wright 's organic architecture demonstrated a keen sensitivity to the environment decades before it became fashionable among `` la-la activists . '' 
Seventeen percent reported their customers being robbed . 
The company blamed a number of factors for the earnings decline , including softer sales of joint-implants . 
It said , however , that net income for the two-month period ended Aug. 31 plunged to $ 150,000 from $ 851,000 in the prior year on a 33 % rise in revenue to $ 21.4 million . 
Then , it rebounded to finish down only 18.65 points . 
Lockheed reported a $ 32 million third-quarter net loss , largely because of cost overruns on fixed-price military contracts . 
Sitting in one of Mr. Palmer 's chairs , which cost $ 425 and have since been copied by others , is a bit like straddling a recliner . 
However , unlike Messrs. Graedel and Crutzen , who are both pioneers in the study of atmospheric chemistry , Mr. Teagan has no special expertise in the area . 
Ms. Brannigan is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Atlanta bureau . 
But not every company expects to report increased earnings . 
Such armor crushes the soldier . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks , down from 1.8578 marks late Friday , and at 141.90 yen , down from 142.43 yen late Friday . 
Her Institute for Family and Work Relationships in La Jolla , Calif. , has noted a doubling in the number of couples seeking help the past two years . 
Polls are no substitute for principle , but they 'll do for some politicians . 
The extent of the disaster stemmed from years of chicanery and bureaucratic indifference . 
The companies said the transaction is being structured this way because the laws of the Netherlands Antilles , under which Erbamont is organized , do n't provide for merger transactions . 
Consolidated Papers Inc. said it plans to spend $ 495 million on new paper-manufacturing equipment and facilities . 
When such claims and litigation extend beyond the period , the syndicates can extend their accounting deadlines . 
`` We needed contributions from all these departments to generate the proposal , '' says Carl Anton , configuration-data manager for Grumman 's A-6 combat aircraft program . 
In the third paragraph it referred to the senators seeking loophole suggestions from lobbyists for various sectors of the economy . 
`` We expect additional offerings '' of asset-backed securities targeted toward individual investors , says Bill Addiss , a senior vice president at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Those companies are paying the price for taking the risk . '' 
Short interest on the New York Stock Exchange declined for the second consecutive month , this time 4.2 % , while the American Stock Exchange reported its third consecutive record month of short interest . 
The charge resulted from a settlement approved yesterday by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities . 
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
And both the trust and Manville are seeking to avoid the bad publicity that , in the asbestos era , tarred the Manville name . 
Stunned , Mr. Breeden turned to his market-monitoring computer , which by then was next to his desk . 
Judge Merhige is overseeing the bankruptcy-law reorganization of A.H. Robins Co. , the company that manufactured the shield . 
Varian Associates Inc. , Palo Alto , Calif. , reported fiscal fourth-quarter profit plunged more than 95 % to $ 1 million , or five cents a share , from $ 24.2 million , or $ 1.10 a share , in the year-earlier quarter . 
Hong Kong financial institutions have been waiting for interest-rate futures for a long time . 
Leaseway provides transportation services for manufacturers , distributors and retailers . 
The Tennessee Valley Authority issued $ 4 billion in bonds in the federal utility 's first public debt offering in 15 years . 
Upjohn is a world-wide provider of health-care products and services , seeds and speciality chemicals . 
The company said 80 % of its auction business is usually conducted in the second and fourth quarters , with the current quarter having begun `` extremely well . 
`` Either he was n't being real in the past , or he is n't being real right now , '' says a 30-year-old East German doctor . 
West Germany 's BMW commissioned the Nuremberg post office to test a prototype battery-powered car . 
That 's usually how long it takes for the temblors to pass . 
For some players , the lure is money -- up to $ 15,000 a month . 
For one thing , the size of the affected market is enormous -- the European stock markets account for some 22.5 % of global stock market capitalization , with an estimated value of $ 2.175 trillion , according to Morgan Stanley Capital International . 
Moreover , your hypothetical investor has forsaken the gains to be had in reducing risk by diversifying his portfolio . 
The company said the growth was led by its major operations , particularly mailing , shipping , dictating and facsimile businesses . 
So what 's the best way to buy stocks ? 
For distilled spirits , operating profit rose 36 % , to $ 24.8 million . 
That will bring the total for the year to 10 , from five during fiscal 1989 . 
`` It may not be weeks or months , but they are also opportunistic and if they feel comfortable , they will move on a deal , '' he said . 
What few comments he has initiated have been oblique , such as urging `` greater efforts toward the protection of human life '' at a meeting of Catholic lawyers in Boston last month . 
Separately , the House last night approved a nearly $ 67 billion compromise spending bill providing the first construction funds for the administration 's ambitious space station in fiscal 1990 and incorporating far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration . 
For people who can ride out market waves through good times and bad , stocks have been rewarding long-term investments . 
Economists had expected a $ 9.1 billion gap . 
Virginia Commonwealth University sociologist David Bromley , who more than any other researcher has delved into the complex world of Unificationist finances , has concluded that profitable operations in the U.S. have been the exceptions rather than the rule . 
As vice president\/national-government relations , Mr. Womack will work with P&G 's top management and with the company 's government-relations staff `` to represent P&G 's interests at the federal level , '' said John G. Smale , chairman and chief executive officer . 
The dollar finished at its intraday highs . 
Foreigners would receive greater incentives to invest in the U.S.S.R. 
It 's difficult to see that there 's going to be enough business to go around . 
$ 150 million of Remic mortgage securities offered in 12 classes by First Boston Corp . 
It 's been a steadily improving relationship , '' says Mr. Carpenter . 
Eastern has publicly stated it is exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and has predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 proceedings early next year , operating more flights than it originally had scheduled . 
A reorganization plan proposed jointly by the IRS and Manufacturers Hanover was stalled by a negative vote from Minpeco . 
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free . 
More provocatively , some conservative legal theorists have begun arguing that Mr. Bush does n't need to wait for a law giving him the veto because the power already is implicit in the Constitution . 
For example , the spokesman says Dentsu has been approached by banks and securities companies a number of times to invest in the troubled British marketing group Saatchi & Saatchi PLC . 
`` What really matters is the operating income of the divisions : I look at these numbers and I say , these businesses are doing well , '' said Mark Manson , a vice president of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation-socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . '' 
Both executives left the company after clashes with Chairman Ralph Ingersoll Jr . 
Bulls say the market is an incredible bargain , priced at only about 12 times estimated 1989 earnings for stocks in the Standard & Poor 's 500 index . 
State loan guarantees are rarely a source of controversy . 
Nowhere have eyes been opened wider than at CBS News . 
After the sixth congress , journalists seized the opportunity provided by the liberalization to probe previously taboo subjects . 
UAL finished at 170 , off 8 3\/8 . 
Trelleborg plans to remain the dominant shareholder with stakes of slightly less than 50 % of both units . 
They are spread around the country and include locations in California , Florida , Washington and Arizona . 
But the simplicity may be misleading . 
Its ambiguity and uneasy mixture of the serious and the comic is no doubt one reason why it is very much in vogue with directors just now . 
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said there is enough money on hand to deal with immediate requirements . 
Mr. Bebear added that the French insurer would keep Farmers ' headquarters in Los Angeles and `` will not send French people to run the company . '' 
But it would also encourage lenders to choose more creditworthy customers , and go a long way toward reducing defaults . 
Institutional investors have poured $ 210 billion into stock and bond indexing as a cheap and easy form of investment management that promises to post average market returns . 
TRUSTEE WHO MONITORED settlement payments to Dalkon Shield claimants quits . 
`` They 're really fashion items wrapped up in little jars . '' 
`` Lawmakers have been saying for weeks that they plan to roll back the cuts as soon as they agree to a compromise on a deficit-cutting bill . '' 
`` In my view , { massages } should be managed with an appropriate mixture of males and females around , '' he says . 
`` We 're trading with a very wary eye on Wall Street , '' said Trevor Woodland , chief corporate trader at Harris Trust & Savings Bank in New York . 
They argue that weakness in both the yen and sterling have helped offset bearish U.S. economic news and have lent support to the dollar . 
Instead , they 're scrambling to protect the very programs at the heart of the HUD scandal . 
In particular , Japanese investors will be keeping a wary eye on Wall Street to see whether Monday 's 88.12-point rally holds up as fresh U.S. economic data are released . 
One day last March , CBS Sports President Neal Pilson and Olympics superagent Barry Frank met for lunch at the Lotos Club here . 
Terms of the transaction were n't disclosed . 
A loss -- after insurance recoveries -- is deductible only to the extent that it exceeds $ 100 and that the year 's total losses exceed 10 % of adjusted gross income ; victims may pick the year when income is lower and deductions higher . 
Maurice Warren , 56-year-old group managing director , was named chief executive officer of this food and agriculture group . 
He may sell more shares in the open market or in private transactions , but would n't rule out changing his intentions and buying shares , the filing said . 
I saw what he did to them firsthand . 
Mr. Bush has long campaigned for passage of a bill or a constitutional amendment that would explicitly give him a line-item veto , which would enable him to kill individual items in a big spending bill without having to kill the entire bill . 
An Anacomp official said the Indianapolis computer-services concern had no comment on the group 's share sales . 
`` I do not support federal funding for abortions except where the mother 's life is threatened , '' he proclaimed , and finally vetoed the measure last weekend . 
The company agreed to sell its minority investments in makers of steam-generating and related equipment , Stein Industrie and Energie & Verfahrenstechnik , to the major shareholder in the companies , Dutch-based GEC Alsthom N.V . 
They accuse the Democrats of unfairly using Senate rules to erect a 60-vote hurdle . 
Mr. Keating lives in Phoenix , and the California thrift 's parent is an Ohio-chartered corporation with holdings in Michigan . 
Ignore the present condition . 
China will spend $ 9.45 million for urgent maintenance on Tibet 's Potala Palace , former home of the Dalai Lama , the China News Service said . 
`` Five years ago , magazine publishers would simply bid on an advertiser 's big ad schedule for their magazine , '' said Mr. Murphy . 
The major reason : heavy outflows from high-risk , high-yield junk bond funds . 
There is plenty of work to be done on what we have . 
`` They 've had this field to themselves for over a year now , and they 've been greatly rewarded , '' said Bob Katsive , an analyst at Disk\/Trend Inc. , a market researcher in Los Altos , Calif . 
In the Senate , Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the Labor Committee , and Pete Domenici , ( R. , N.M . ) ranking minority member of the Budget Committee , have been working on a compromise , and their soundings showed that the Senate appeared to be heading toward enough strength to override another Bush veto , a Democratic staff official said . 
Says Clayt Wilhite , president of the D'Arcy Masius ad agency 's U.S. division , `` Every time 24 hours pass without any advertising reinforcement , brand loyalty will diminish ever so slightly -- even for a powerful brand like Budweiser . '' 
Last week , for instance , Compaq introduced its first notebook computer to rave reviews . 
Schwinn Bicycle Co. , Chicago , established joint ventures with bike companies in mainland China and Hungary to sell bikes . 
The company 's new management , which took control of Amdura 's board after a consent solicitation last month , wanted to extend the loan while it tries to sell two units . 
As a result of the partial sale and spinoff , the $ 56 billion California Public Employees Retirement System would obtain two seats on the board of the real estate operation , according to officials of the fund , who described the plan . 
He said the move could be the beginning of a broader relationship between the two companies , one that could open up new markets for Bethlehem . 
Lawyers in Miami -- this time working virtually without impediment -- prepared to have him indicted on drug charges in February 1988 . 
`` ESB is aware that a hostile tender offer is being made by a foreign company for all of ESB 's shares , '' said F.J. Port , ESB 's president . 
In addition , Tandy will acquire rights to the Victor and Micronic names for computers . 
To top off the bearish factors affecting yesterday 's trading , late October weather , especially in the Northeast U.S. , continues to be very moderate , leaving heating oil futures trading lackluster . 
The refunding issue , which had been in the wings for two months , was one of the chief offerings overhanging the market and limiting price appreciation . 
While not specifically mentioned in the FBI charges , dual trading became a focus of attempts to tighten industry regulations . 
PRIMERICA Corp. , New York , raised its quarterly 14 % to eight cents a share , from seven cents , payable Nov. 24 to stock of record Nov. 6 . 
Accepted theories state that investors require higher returns on riskier investments . 
Also named in the suit is Media Home Entertainment Inc. of Culver City , Calif. , its parent , Heron Communications Inc. , and Broadstar Television of Los Angeles , holders of the copyright on the movie . 
The AFL-CIO also embraces treatment guidelines . 
So a stock with a beta of 0.5 is half as volatile , one at 1.5 is 50 % more volatile , and so on . 
`` Everybody pretty much pitched in and cooperated , '' said Stan Perez , a sergeant with the California Highway Patrol . 
We suggest that Mr. Fernandez find an incompetent principal , toss him out of the building and let the forces of the status quo explain to the parents whatever it is they 're defending . 
What the Big Board is considering is re-establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly . 
The Task Broker differs from other programs that spread computing tasks around a network . 
Mr. Jones calls the ranch `` the Pentagon of Sportdom . '' 
For the first time in nearly two years , BankAmerica results failed to improve in consecutive quarters , but the decline from the second quarter was attributable to special factors . 
He figures the episode will help `` clarify any ambiguities '' between the committee and administration . 
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis . 
In March , Qintex sold 49 % of the three Mirage resorts to Japan 's Nippon Shinpan Co. and Mitsui & Co. for A$ 433 million . 
Sales for the quarter rose to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.47 billion . 
Investors were willing to gamble on new technologies because `` we had exclusive rights to those technologies , '' he adds . 
In the first quarter , Salomon had a record loss of $ 28 million on revenue of $ 1.54 billion . 
Some bulk shipping rates have increased `` 3 % to 4 % in the past few months , '' said Salomon 's Mr. Lloyd . 
Also closed yesterday were the company 's Santa Teresa software-development lab and the Almaden research center . 
Douglas B. Evans 
Because all operations are connected , one equipment failure forces a complete plant shutdown . 
While this indicates continued strong demand for the company 's desk-top computers , Sun faces increasing competition from Digital Equipment Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co . 
Aidan Quinn , Brian Dennehy and Stockard Channing are excellent in this gripping tale of a reluctant witness in an organized crime prosecution . 
Dollar : 142.75 yen , up 0.95 ; 1.8667 marks , off 0.0018 . 
Casinos today offer bowling alleys , water parks , golf courses , tennis courts , lush swimming pools and other diversions , and more such facilities are being designed . 
Ferembal has 930 workers at four canning manufacturing plants and one plastic container facility . 
Merrill Lynch now provides credit rating information about the institutions whose CDs it sells , which it did n't provide in 1986 . 
This creates several problems . 
That means making sure that copies of vital computer software and company records are out of harm 's way . 
In addition , its railroad lost a $ 750 million antitrust suit , which is on appeal , and which analysts say could be settled for one-third that amount . 
The dispute stems from pretrial maneuvering in the pending court case , in which prosecutors have been demanding access to a host of internal company memos , reports and documents . 
But the no-more-nonsense superintendents are going to have to be judicious as well ; incompetent principals and administrators should go , but the good ones ought to be left alone . 
In either case , ask yourself whether you have become better informed on the issues under protest by watching the act of civil disobedience . 
She and some friends are considering offering earthquake victims free yoga classes and `` aroma therapy '' -- massages with scented oils . 
The parties in the Connecticut case have agreed to stay proceedings pending the appeal of another EEOC age-bias case against Vermont . 
When a stock falls below the put 's strike price , the investor simply sells the stock at a loss and simultaneously sells the put at a profit . 
They also unanimously re-elected Mr. Dubinsky , the union chairman who has led the pilots ' 2 1\/2-year fight to take control of the airline . 
The rest were withdrawn for lack of acceptable bids . ) 
To keep his schedule on track , he flies two personal secretaries in from Little Rock to augment his staff in Dallas . 
But by most accounts , he made little of the post and was best known among city politicians for his problems making up his mind on matters before the city 's Board of Estimate , the body that votes on crucial budget and land-use matters . 
At a yearling sale , a buyer can go solo and get a horse for a few thousand dollars . 
Couch-potato jocks watching ABC 's `` Monday Night Football '' can now vote during halftime for the greatest play in 20 years from among four or five filmed replays . 
UAL 's decision to remain an independent company sent share prices tumbling . 
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact . 
`` I told him to make Mitchell reach for everything , and that 's what we did . 
Administration officials also have said that Washington Mayor Marion Barry has delayed consideration of sites in the city . 
For personal-injury cases , Litigation Sciences seeks defense jurors who believe that most people , including victims , get what they deserve . 
As conferees noted , scarce capital means the costs of control must be minimized through a broad menu of compliance choices for individual firms . 
It also said the union had agreed to meet the company for further talks tomorrow . 
Mr. Steinberg made a $ 59.7 million profit on the sale to Disney of his investment in the company in 1984 . 
Still , some lawyers say the mergers slowdown has n't affected foreign buyers as much as domestic ones . 
Mr. Roman will oversee American Express 's public relations and government affairs , among other things , but he wo n't be involved in its advertising , which is handled by the operating units . 
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses . 
Alpine , which said it does n't plan to further extend the offer , said it received $ 615,000 face amount of debt under the original offer . 
The immediate target of Rep. Gonzalez 's inquiry is Danny Wall , chairman of the Office of Thrift Supervision . 
In other earthquake-related news , Hambrecht & Quist 's OTC market makers were excused from trading yesterday and its positions were frozen for the day by the National Association of Securities Dealers . 
The American Bowling Congress claims a higher percentage of the public bowls regularly , but concedes its membership has declined this decade . 
But Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons said their experiments also produced large amounts of heat . 
`` The 486 is going to have a big impact on the industry , '' said Hewlett-Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . 
Had he been a little less gung-ho , `` I 'd have gotten the thing on the ground and headed for the nearest bar , '' Mr. Brown says . 
A BroadBeach spokeswoman said the company sold the stock in the open market and thus could n't identify the buyer or buyers . 
The company expects all branches to reopen today . 
Further staff cuts are likely , the spokesman indicated . 
In the latest sign of how difficult it is to place certain junk bonds , Continental Airlines said it was forced to scale back the size of its latest offering . 
The announcement boosted the charter-shipping company 's shares , which closed at $ 15.125 , up $ 1.25 a share , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange . 
But the chairman 's supporters have the upper hand as federal regulators press a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and others . 
Underclass neighborhoods offer relatively few employment opportunities , contributing to the poverty of local residents . 
Assets soared $ 4.5 billion in the previous week . 
Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover-stock trader that owns UAL stock , would n't comment on reports the firm is considering seeking such a shareholder vote . 
After posting losing seasons in each of the last three years , the Cowboys needed a change , he says . 
Mrs. Stinnett says she never believed in ghosts before , but lately her vacuum cleaner turned itself on , a telephone flew off its stand , doors slammed inexplicably , and she heard footsteps in her empty kitchen . 
In novels of an earlier vintage , David would have represented excitement and danger ; Malcolm , placid , middle-class security . 
But the effort is also being made to try and cause jurors not to decide things rationally . 
It was the first management change since film-makers Daniel Grodnik and Tim Matheson took control of National Lampoon Inc. in March . 
Any settlement is also expected to exclude Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from any of the projects they were working on at Warner . 
With annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas , Zeta publishes over a dozen magazines , including the popular Tiempo , Interviu and Panorama , and three regional dailies . 
The Bakersfield Supermarket went out of business last May . 
The fields contain recoverable reserves of 435 billion cubic feet of natural gas and four million barrels of oil . 
The end of the first half , however , brought what the standing-room-only crowd seemed to be waiting for : the pop singer Judy Collins , who appears on `` Inner Voices . '' 
Obviously not . 
Mr. Mitchell has been predicting that the president 's initiative would fail this year . 
In the 1980s , the Justice Department and lower federal courts that enforce the Voting Rights Act have required state legislatures and municipal governments to create the maximum number of `` safe '' minority election districts -- districts where minorities form between 65 % and 80 % of the voting population . 
There are , of course , obvious dangers to blatant , unsubstantiated name-dropping . 
Step 2 examines how four progressively lower budget scenarios would change the baseline and how these changes would affect our national security . 
First quarter , July 31 , 1989 : 
HomeFed Corp. said third-quarter net income slid 14 % to $ 23.9 million , or $ 1.10 per fully diluted share , from $ 27.9 million , or $ 1.21 a fully diluted share , because of increased bad assets and unexpected trouble in unloading foreclosed property . 
Rep. Don Edwards , the California Democrat , warned Mr. Allen that the speech would be `` outside the scope of the commission 's jurisdiction . '' 
Do n't Linger 
`` It is just one of a number of strategies JAL has embarked upon to come to terms with the situation in Europe after 1992 , '' the deadline for ending trade barriers in the EC , he said . 
Many have launched promotions to attract new fans and are renegotiating dated stadium contracts . 
The deportation of more than 315,000 men , women and children by the Bulgarian regime adds up to one of the largest migrations seen in the postwar years . 
The state agency , which usually publishes the data on monthly basis , but traditionally combines the index for the two summer-holiday months , said the advance was led by output of consumer goods , which rose 3.5 % from June and was up 7.2 % from a year earlier . 
That may not come as a surprise to Americans who have watched the Japanese snap up properties in the U.S. from golf courses to a stake in Rockefeller Center . 
Stock and bond investors were cheered by last month 's encouragingly low inflation rate . 
A company spokesman said it was `` possible , but highly unlikely , '' that the plant might never be built . 
`` We had underfunded Maalox for a year , '' he said , because the company was concentrating on research and development and promoting other drugs . 
Abraham Lincoln Federal Savings Bank sank 4 to 13 1\/2 after announcing a shakeup that will change senior management and reorganize the bank 's mortgage business as a separate unit . 
GM might counterbid . 
The major gateway to Asia and one of the nation 's 10 busiest airports was closed to all but emergency traffic from the time the quake hit Tuesday afternoon , until 6 a.m. PDT yesterday when controllers returned to the tower . 
East Germans remember a comment a few years ago by Kurt Hager , the government 's top ideologist , that just because a neighbor hangs new wallpaper , there 's no reason to change your own . 
Earnings have plummeted , too , in each of the past three quarters . 
Specifically , the law says the rates must closely reflect what the company 's actual expenses have been to replace damaged cars . 
The suit was filed by plaintiffs ' securities lawyer Richard D. Greenfield in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia . 
Traders who had sold contracts earlier , in hopes of buying them back at lower prices , yesterday were buying contracts back at higher prices to limit their losses . 
Because it operates on a fiscal year , Bear Stearns 's yearly filings are available much earlier than those of other firms . 
New customers , the source of higher commissions for salespeople and the key to Wang 's long-term viability , are even tougher . 
Ashland Oil 
And especially , as the Cobb Parkway strip attests , in cars . 
Within a year he hopes Steppenwolf will move into a new 500-seat theater on that site . 
In any case , many franchisees , in order to stay on good terms with franchisers , routinely go along with promotions . 
Dinsa Mehta , chief bullion trader for Chase Manhattan Bank , said : `` There is little incentive on the part of traders to sell gold because the stock market may go lower and gold may retain some of its ` flight to safety ' quality . 
He said the normal ratio is five to six weeks . 
Personal spending , buoyed by a burst of automobile buying , was the main catalyst to the economy 's expansion . 
`` There 's no more growth in the tax business { except } for increasing prices , '' the money manager added . 
While recent events may cool some of the leveraged buy-out fever , Japanese banks are n't likely to walk away from the game . 
For political as well as economic reasons , U.S. companies are at the top of his priorities -- a point he underscored by spending two hours walking around the U.S. trade show last week . 
Our heavy users consume two to three cans of soup a week , and we 'd like to increase that . '' 
Small retailers who ca n't afford to travel to his New York showroom have become fair game . 
A Coca-Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
The index , which uses a base of 1981 as 100 , was calculated at 140.91 points in October , from 140.74 in September . 
But Navigation Mixte is loosely held and hard to defend . 
`` Today , '' said Mr. Sisulu , `` the ANC has captured the center stage of political life in South Africa . '' 
The government may ease repression in some areas , but it still keeps a tight grip in others . 
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors . 
A year ago , net was $ 14.3 million , or 31 cents a share , on sales of $ 116.8 million . 
The days may be numbered for animated shows featuring Alf , the Karate Kid and the Chipmunks . 
There 's little doubt that such a move would be immediately challenged in court -- and that it would quickly make its way to the Supreme Court to be ultimately resolved . 
For its employees to sign up for the options , a college also must approve the plan . 
In Toronto Stock Exchange trading Friday , Enfield closed at C$ 6.75 , down 37.5 cents . 
Analysts said Hachette 's earnings in the second half might be boosted by a capital gain from the sale of the Paris headquarters of a newspaper-delivery company that is 49 % owned by Hachette . 
But after about eight months , the vice president of the division , Ed Soule , learned about the sessions and brought them to a halt . 
They looked at the miniature and saw a giant folly . 
Or in other couples , the embryo could be temporarily taken out and tested three days after conception and returned if healthy , or discarded if not . 
And Mr. Kleinaitis says that with 80 % of its stock in friendly hands , Manville is the rare publicly traded company that can ignore short-term stock fluctuations and plan for the long haul . 
Jackals roam the streets at night , and gemsbok , hardy antelope with long straight horns , wander in from the desert to drink from water sprinklers . 
`` You 're telling someone they can spend the next three or four or five or six years of their life bringing about the most difficult and costly modernization of an information system on the civil side ever , '' Mr. Goldberg said . 
Mr. Dinkins , the Manhattan borough president , can afford more bumbling and stumbling because he holds a comfortable 20-point lead in most of the public-opinion polls . 
`` Everybody was afraid of him , '' Mr. Ingersoll says . 
`` It 's a big-risk business , '' warns Charles C. Mihalek , a Lexington attorney and former Kentucky state securities commissioner . 
It contends that current government policy is failing to stem the AIDS epidemic because it suggests the use of condoms can make sex `` safe . '' 
Mr. Johnson , 45 years old , has been a consultant on strategy to Fannie Mae for the past 3 1\/2 years . 
The split and quarterly dividend will be payable Jan. 3 to stock of record Nov. 16 , the company said . 
Mr. Canelo suggests that investors compare price\/earnings ratios ( the price of a share of stock divided by a company 's per-share earnings for a 12-month period ) with projected growth rates . 
The Floral Park , N.Y. , thrift has a strong capital-to-assets ratio , said Vice President Michael D.N. Confer . 
`` It 's madness -- that in an hour you can whack off so much value , '' says Stanford Calderwood , chairman of Trinity Investment Management Corp. , Boston . 
The bill vetoed by the president in June , which the House failed to override , would have lifted the minimum wage to $ 4.55 an hour by late 1991 , with a training wage for up to two months , generally for a worker 's first job . 
Mr. Boren even spies a silver lining . 
George W. Koch , 63 years old , president and chief executive officer of Grocery Manufacturers of America Inc. , was elected a director of this maker of spices , seasonings and specialty foods , succeeding Erskin N. White Jr. , 65 , who resigned . 
Paul Fireman , Reebok chairman and chief executive officer , said , `` Our gains in earnings provide further evidence that the controls we have put in place and our sales mix are continuing to improve the company 's overall profit performance . '' 
The sad condition of U.S. policy in Central America is best depicted by the recent end to U.S. sponsorship of Radio Costa Rica . 
For example , in a special meeting Monday with Mr. Phelan , senior officials of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms complained that the exchange is no longer representing their interests . 
Closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions and regulatory approvals , the company said . 
Hassan comes to a bad end , but so does almost everyone else in the book . 
August adjusted spending by wage-earning families was down 0.6 % to 309,381 yen from a year earlier . 
Neither plan is dead , however , and the judge could force creditors to accept some version of them after ruling on the Minpeco-Manufacturers Hanover dispute . 
Late yesterday afternoon , DDB Needham executives were scrambling to figure out what to do about a new business presentation that had been scheduled for today , a spokesman said . 
As the story of `` Mastergate '' unfolds , we learn that the Internal Revenue Service confiscated one of the properties of a foreign financier who owes the government millions in taxes . 
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake . 
The memo also chastises the agency for the timing of its announcement Thursday that it would no longer handle the $ 5 million to $ 6 million account . 
Roche Holding AG , parent of the Swiss chemical and pharmaceutical group , said its group sales rose 22 % in the first nine months of the year to 7.32 billion francs ( $ 4.51 billion ) . 
`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco . 
Some Wall Street firms monitor for recordkeeping purposes . 
Stocks rose slightly as trading activity slowed from the frenzied pace earlier this week . 
That sort of workhorse performance sounds made to order for a time when corporate profits overall have been weakening from the brisk increases of recent years . 
Peter Gebhard , the company 's owner , says spending on regulatory paper work and the people to do it -- mostly to comply with federal , state and local environmental laws -- will rise almost 30 % this year to $ 100,000 . 
Black & Decker said it plans to put other Emhart units on the block in the future , with the goal of raising $ 1 billion in net proceeds . 
Berkshire Hathaway earlier this year bought $ 600 million of preferred stock in Gillette that is convertible into an 11 % stake , and Gillette said at the time that Mr. Buffett would be added to the board . 
`` Atlanta , '' Mr. Savageau sniffs , `` has unrealistic pretensions to world-class status . '' 
Take Your Vacation In a Hurricane Area 
More recently , he negotiated `` indemnification '' clauses in which an ad agency in some cases must pay a client if it drops the account . 
These are not certain , either . 
`` I hope he grows with the job , '' says Rainer Eppelmann , a Protestant pastor in East Berlin . 
Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares . 
`` I think 1990 will be another mediocre year , '' said Steve Milunovich of First Boston . 
On Capitol Hill , though , there does n't seem to be sufficient sentiment to pair capital gains and the deficit-reduction bill . 
The persecution pursued the Rothschilds across Europe as the Nazis grabbed countries , confiscating the family 's property in the process . 
Since the 1970s energy crisis , some efforts to conserve energy by sealing buildings have had an unintended side effect : high indoor pollution . 
\* Principal amount 
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms-control treaty is likely to be completed . 
`` What you have here is intuition made manifest . '' 
Steve Kloves , the young writer and director ( he is n't yet 30 ) , has only one produced picture to his credit ; he wrote the screenplay for `` Racing With the Moon , '' a lovely coming-of-age picture set in the '40s . 
To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking , this indicates that political philosophy leads congressional Republicans to pay less attention to narrow constituent concerns . 
That would increase Prospect 's ownership of the company 's fully-diluted shares outstanding to 20 % from 14.1 % . 
`` This year , some investors are changing their policies and investing a lot . '' 
Heading the list : insurance , construction and technology companies located in the San Francisco Bay Area . 
The offer is in limbo , however , because LIN has agreed to merge its cellular-phone businesses with BellSouth Corp . 
In addition , further packaging of mortgage-backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to . 
A House-Senate conference approved a nearly $ 17 billion State , Justice and Commerce Department bill that makes federal reparations for Japanese-Americans held in World War II internment camps a legal entitlement after next Oct. 1 . 
Production resumed yesterday . 
In California , this is the reality . 
In making cases , the authorities frequently zero in on alleged misrepresentations made by the charities ' fund raisers . 
Now Bond Corp. has agreed to sell at least half its Australian brewing assets . 
Mitsui & Co. said it started a joint venture with Dae Woong Chemical Co. , a major pharmaceutical manufacturer in South Korea , to manufacture antibiotic medicines . 
People familiar with the company say the board is n't likely to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion buy-out bid that collapsed last week after banks would n't raise needed loans and after a key partner , British Airways PLC , dropped out . 
You think you can go out and turn things around . 
Making matters worse was the fact that late Friday afternoon the CBOE halted stock-index options trading in step with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's halt in stock-index futures . 
The $ 833.6 million figures includes the new acquisitions . 
The reason environmentalists `` do n't mind seeing new crises arise '' is because there are new crises . 
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar . 
`` The number of correct responses was 45 % on the test and school absences did n't change much , '' said Mr. Bruner . 
The government said 13.1 % of Americans , or 31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 . 
The sole exceptions are an estimated 30 flights of six hours or more beginning or ending in Hawaii and Alaska . 
But British Air , which was to have supplied $ 750 million out of $ 965 million in equity financing , apparently was n't involved in the second proposal and could well reject it even if banks obtain financing . 
GM , Ford and Chrysler have already cut fourth-quarter U.S. output plans an estimated 15 % from 1988 levels . 
Trading also was heavy in the over-the-counter market . 
A GM spokesman said the visit is n't connected to the Jaguar situation . 
Frankly , the only way I can think of to accomplish this is to make it possible for addicts to buy drugs at some regulated place at a price that approximates their cost . 
What will Mr. Sagan do with his new theater building if the allure of Hollywood and Broadway proves too much for such Steppenwolf stalwarts as John Malkovich ( `` Dangerous Liaisons '' ) , Joan Allen ( `` The Heidi Chronicles '' ) , and Glenne Headly ( `` Lonesome Dove '' ) , and the company crumbles ? 
But this is not where the rewards of junk financing were found . 
Others prefer deep-discount zero-coupon bonds . 
By day 's end , the Dow industrials had rebounded 88.12 points , or nearly half of Friday 's drop . 
The timing of his visit was fortuitous ; the man who had brought it in for an estimate had returned to collect it and was waiting in the hall . 
But further major advances on the Nikkei are n't foreseen this week by market observers . 
The sporty coupe foundered in part because American buyers did n't go for the car 's unusual double-wing rear spoiler . 
Their debt will be well under the $ 1 million limit -- on borrowing to acquire , build , or improve a home -- that qualifies for mortgage-interest deductions . 
It is also known as the fraud capital of the U.S. , dubbed by investigators and the media as the `` Cote de Fraud '' . 
The American Iron and Steel Institute reported : The capability utilization rate is a calculation designed to indicate at what percent of its production capability the industry is operating in a given week . 
`` But , at least , back then they did n't generally direct their anger at each other . '' 
`` The events strengthen London 's hand in becoming the center for trading European stocks , '' Mr. Gilchrist says . 
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities . 
`` The industry is based on individual honesty , '' says Cap Hershey , a Lexington horse farmer and one of the investors who bought Spendthrift . 
American Medical accepted the offer , meanwhile indicating it had heard from two other suitors . 
It said the reduction reflects impaired business prospects and reduced financial flexibility caused by continuing losses at the maker of Winchester disk drives . 
Still , any change in East Germany has enormous implications , for both East and West . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
What if its sales weaken someday ? 
Sales increased 36 % to $ 683 million from $ 502 million . 
`` But Sassy has a different spirit . 
Martin Fabi , Innopac 's president and chief executive , said Innopac viewed Mr. Pattison 's decision to seek control as a `` very positive '' move . 
The true budgetary cost of a credit subsidy is the discounted value of the net costs to government . 
Rep. Robert K. Dornan ( R. , Calif . ) Washington 
But Mr. Warren says the woman has `` psychic burns '' on her back from the confrontation . 
The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates . 
The aim , says Mr. de Galle , is to win market share from imported cigarettes , and to persuade smokers who are switching to blonde cigarettes to keep buying French . 
Cray Research Inc. said it sold one of its newest and largest computer systems , the Cray Y-MP\/832 , to the United Kingdom Meteorological Office . 
Shared Technologies Inc. , offering of 2.5 million common shares , via Smetek , Van Horn & Cormack Inc. and Oakes , Fitzwilliams & Co . 
`` It 's much bigger than we expected , '' said one German banker , who asked not to be named . 
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions . 
Trading activity in the junk market was extremely light as dealers could n't find enough buyers to match sellers . 
Margin rules determine the minimum amount of cash an investor must put up when buying a security . 
The Tokyo-based company had net of 3.73 billion yen in the previous reporting period , which was the four months ended March 31 . 
But trade , one of the economy 's main forces in the past few years , showed a sharp deterioration . 
Already this year , it has received orders for four 150-megawatt advanced combustion turbines from Florida Power & Light Co. and for two 300-megawatt plants from Intercontinental Energy Corp. , among others . 
Last year , Dentsu started HDM , a joint network with U.S. ad agency Young & Rubicam and Eurocom of France . 
First , its position in the government is anomalous . 
Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . 
An estimated 14.7 million Cray Computer shares will be distributed , Cray Research said . 
This forecast was based on the apparent reversal of most of the negative forces -- such as demographic changes , the oil shock and accelerating inflation -- that had reduced productivity gains in the 1970s . 
`` The hero of my youth , the one person in history I 'd most like to meet . 
MINORITY RECRUITING has yet to meet hopes raised by Bush administration . 
Pittston continues to hire replacement workers , the company said . 
That show , whose host is Ms. Chung 's husband , Maury Povich , has a particular penchant for grisly murders and stories having to do with sex -- the Robert Chambers murder case , the Rob Lowe tapes , what have you . 
Profit from continuing operations in the year-earlier period was $ 402.7 million . 
National Patent Development Corp. said it plans to purchase as many as 200,000 common shares of its 81%-controlled Interferon Sciences Inc. unit in periodic , open-market purchases . 
The internal investigation also criticized MiniScribe 's auditors , Coopers & Lybrand , for allegedly ignoring numerous red flags . 
Moreover , it 's trying to transfer its skill at designing military equipment to commercial ventures . 
A major factor in the third-quarter loss was the write-down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . 
James L. Madson , 46 years old , was named a vice president and assistant general manager of this producer of copper and other minerals . 
But they expose the holders to a lot of inflation risk and interest-rate risk . 
Its keyboard , according to industry consultants , is better than Compaq 's , but its battery life of two to three hours is shorter . 
While Mr. Kageyama does an excellent job of explaining the differences , both cultural and philosophic , I question his perspective . 
Trading volume was a moderately heavy 3.1 million shares . 
Friday 's market rout came smack in the middle of the heaviest month for CD rollovers , when a number of banks and thrifts already have promotions under way . 
A bipartisan commission established by Congress and headed by Sen. John Rockefeller ( D. , W.Va . ) is scheduled to present new plans for dealing with the uninsured and long-term care for the elderly by next March 1 . 
Mr. Roman will be succeeded as the head of Ogilvy 's flagship ad agency , Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , by Graham Phillips , 50 , who had been president of North American operations and who , like Mr. Sorrell , is British . 
And some foreign firms are finding that even when they manage to overcome such hurdles , their ventures now have to be endorsed by such unpredictable bodies as the Soviet parliament and the governments of the nation 's republics . 
Two products in what the telecommunications giant called a new generation of such equipment are available now , AT&T said , and three others will be introduced in 1990 and 1991 . 
Tennessee Valley Authority -- A $ 4 billion , three-part offering of power bonds priced through an underwriting group led by First Boston Corp . 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 981.7 million from $ 934.7 million . 
Three were chauffeurs for J. Edgar Hoover , and two cleaned his house . '' 
Serial certificates yield to 7.10 % in 2004 . 
What he had demonstrated , he added , is that there 's more to chess than sheer calculation . 
General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics , said net income fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production . 
The program trading situation seems to have driven individual investors as well as others out of the market , and even Europeans are suspicious . 
Many blue-collar customers of downtown 's no-frills gambling spots have been lured to the Strip or to Laughlin , Nev. , a Colorado River town catering to snowbirds and the recreational-vehicle crowd . 
The federal funds rate on overnight loans between banks has been hovering around 8 3\/4 % , down from 9 % previously . 
`` I do n't think most of the people that have been around me would ever say they 've seen me pound the table or get angry . '' 
Separately , Fannie Mae issued $ 400 million of Remic mortgage securities in 12 classes through First Boston Corp . 
Analysts agree , predicting that the revived market could significantly boost Westinghouse 's bottom line in coming years . 
The latest quarter included an after-tax gain of $ 71 million from non-recurring items . 
The discrepancy may be because asking people about their fitness regime is a bit like inquiring about their love life . 
Mr. Phillips said the company 's expected margin improvement will be all but inevitable , given that the company 's profitability was dragged down this year by an expensive move to luxurious , oversized new New York headquarters . 
In recent years , Mrs. Thi has started to diversify the company , taking a 20 % stake in newly established , partly private Industrial and Commercial Bank , and setting up Saigon Petro , which owns and operates Vietnam 's first oil refinery . 
Energetic and concrete action has been taken in Colombia during the past 60 days against the mafiosi of the drug trade , but it has not been sufficiently effective , because , unfortunately , it came too late . 
Nestle Korea Ltd. opened a coffee and non-dairy-creamer plant in Chongju , South Korea . 
The loss was largely due to a $ 55.2 million addition to reserves . 
TIMES SQUARE development opponents are dealt setback . 
But in federal court in Manhattan , Judge Patterson said the FBI records could show that Mr. Ferguson 's arrest was the result of questionable legal practices . 
British Satellite faces competition from Sky Television , a satellite-TV venture begun last February and owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp . 
`` You know , '' she says , `` stereotypical stuff like armadillos , cowboys and football . '' 
Tom Schumacher , executive vice president and general manager of the California Trucking Association in Sacremento , said his organization urged trucking firms to halt all deliveries into the Bay area yesterday , except for emergency-medical supplies . 
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued . 
Rail-transit operations suffered little damage , according to Albert Engelken , deputy executive director of the American Public Transit Association in Washington . 
A second problem is the persistent frustration of false alarms , which can make urban police less than enthusiastic about responding to calls from small businesses . 
The debt-laden parent has been under pressure from large shareholders to boost the company 's share price . 
All orders-related components , such as consumer-goods orders and building permits , are thought to have been weaker . 
Caltrans plans to add a second deck for buses and car pools above the median of a 2.5-mile stretch of the Harbor Freeway just south of Los Angeles , near the Memorial Coliseum . 
Furthermore , no bell has yet rung to announce the end of this immense episode of natural global warming . 
At about 10:40 a.m. on the over-the-counter trading desk at a major brokerage firm , a veteran trader who buys and sells some of the most active stocks looked at a senior official and asked , `` What 's going on ? 
For Mitsubishi Estate , the Rockefeller purchase will catapult it firmly into the overseas real estate business , the one area where it has lagged notably behind Japanese competitors such as Mitsui , which had purchased the Exxon Building . 
Former Democratic fund-raiser Thomas M. Gaubert , whose savings and loan was wrested from his control by federal thrift regulators , has been granted court permission to sue the regulators . 
Proceeds from the borrowings under the credit agreement will be used to pay an $ 80 million cash dividend to Macmillan and to lend the remainder of about $ 128 million to Maxwell Communications in connection with a promissory note . 
On a pro forma basis , including all of Warner 's earnings , Time Warner had a third-quarter loss of $ 217 million , compared with a $ 342 million loss a year earlier . 
He is now president of Eastate Homes Inc. , an Indianapolis contractor . 
`` The information-systems industry is still going to be a high-growth business , and we 're confident that we have tremendous assets as a company . 
The LDP won by a landslide in the last election , in July 1986 . 
As stocks rose , in fact , some investors changed course and reversed their sell orders . 
Under the program , Norfolk plans to acquire shares in the open market . 
Despite the informal nature of the session and the calculated effort to hold down expectations , the meeting could pay significant political dividends for both leaders . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained about an eighth of a point , or about $ 1.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Sir John noted that GM , a longtime Jaguar supplier , agrees `` we should remain an independent company . '' 
Some producers of polyethylene , figuring the inventory reductions are near an end , have announced price boosts . 
Sales of health-care products increased 6 % in the third quarter , based in part on strong sales of prescription drugs such as Premarin , an estrogen-replacement drug , and sales of the company 's infant formula . 
Revenue rose 40 % to 13.32 billion francs from 9.53 billion . 
The key to the creation of the `` organic '' state lay in the formation of `` natural '' groups that would undertake the role of decision-making . 
ARTY FAX from David Hockney begins a tongue-in-cheek exhibit today at New York 's Andre Emmerich Gallery . 
He said that he was particularly interested in his firm gaining expertise in futures , options , mortgaged-backed securities , computerized trading and investment systems as well as mergers and acquisitions . 
`` Unless the questions are answered , I will keep on going . '' 
But most experts agree that the concept that is to be introduced drags in great complexity ; they have been trying to head it off this year . 
On the civil side , the Manhattan prosecutor filed an average of only 11 cases for every 100,000 adults during the same period ; the San Francisco U.S. attorney averaged 79 . 
In the 1988 third quarter , the company posted a net loss of $ 876,706 , or 22 cents a share , on revenue of about $ 5.1 million . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
That 's particularly true , analysts say , for certain of the securities , such as those backed by time-share loans . 
The board has 10 business days to respond . 
Far from promoting a commonality of interests among black , white , Hispanic and other minority voters , drawing the district lines according to race suggests that race is the voter 's and the candidate 's most important trait . 
Price : $ 265 million . 
The end of the marriage was at hand . 
In the four-part offering , the $ 71 million of secured equipment certificates was priced to yield 13.75 % to 15.75 % . 
Coca-Cola climbed 1 3\/8 to 72 1\/8 ; McDonald 's added 1 to 31 3\/8 , and Procter & Gamble gained 3\/4 to 130 5\/8 . 
Chugai has been one of the most active Japanese players in U.S. biotechnology companies ; it has an equity investment in Genetics Institute Inc. , Cambridge , Mass. , and a joint-venture agreement with Upjohn Co. , Kalamazoo , Mich . 
Most unusual will be water-borne commuters from the East Bay towns of Oakland and Berkeley . 
`` It 's the whole uncertainty about what 's happening around us , '' said Valentin Von Korff , a trader at Credit Suisse First Boston in Frankfurt . 
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said . 
The new manager will face the daunting task of leasing 1.8 million square feet in a relatively soft Chicago real estate market . 
Kawasaki-Rikuso , a freight company , set up its own software subsidiary this year and is spending nearly a year 's profit to more than double the computer terminals at its main office . 
But Richard Ketchum , the SEC 's market regulation chief , said he did n't believe `` this will spawn dramatic new program-trading strategies that will be destabilizing . '' 
The Counter Spy Shop in Washington , D.C. , for instance , offers the `` Secret Connection '' attache case , which can surreptitiously record conversations for nine hours at a stretch . 
The facility will be marketed toward families , and room rates will be between $ 35 and $ 55 a night , MGM Grand said . 
But not just any bonds will do . 
`` It 's hard to invest capital here on the same basis as investing in other countries , '' says Dennis A. Sokol , president of Medical Service Partners Inc. , who is putting the medical consortium together . 
For the third quarter , Sears said its total revenue rose 4.8 % to $ 13.18 billion from $ 12.57 billion a year earlier . 
The company deliberately understaffs , stretching employees ' schedules to the limit . 
The tagline : `` I only asked if she wanted a Jim Beam . 
Sound stages echo . 
In the past , the socialist policies of the government strictly limited the size of new steel mills , petrochemical plants , car factories and other industrial concerns to conserve resources and restrict the profits businessmen could make . 
`` It 's a double-edged sword though , because it is also the most contagious kind of hepatitis . '' 
The poll , conducted for the Dutch daily De Telegraaf by Gallup International said 81 % of Dutch people supported NATO . 
But Mr. Brady endorsed the market-revision bill that both houses of Congress will try to push through this session . 
That done , Ms. Volokh spoke with rampant eloquence about the many attributes she feels she was born with : an understanding of food , business , Russian culture , human nature , and parties . 
In late New York trading , sterling stood at $ 1.5765 , down from $ 1.6145 late Wednesday . 
Now there are many cars for every purse and purpose . 
Rockefeller is n't the first overseas purchase for Mitsubishi Estate -- it has already played a leading role in designing Los Angeles 's Citicorp Plaza . 
This hardly sounds like an anti-homosexual screed . 
TV reporters interviewed fans in the parking lots while , a few feet away , others watched the interviews on their portable TVs . 
`` I do n't know if this will affect one institution or a hundred , '' Mr. Lowell says . 
But Mr. Lesko 's staff is beginning to wonder whether there is n't some larger phenomenon foiling the contest . 
`` Our market got hit a lot harder on Monday than the listed market , '' Mr. Bruno said . 
And Mr. Jackson probably has opened new checking accounts , too . 
Wall Street has all but conceded on the issue and is now lobbying for the less onerous Senate version of one of the provisions . 
TRANSAMERICA CORP. , San Francisco , financial services and insurance company , annual sales of $ 7.9 billion , NYSE , said its headquarters , the well-known downtown pyramid-shaped building , was intact but closed yesterday . 
He is n't sure a recession is coming , but says the other likely alternative -- reignited inflation -- is just as bad . 
Mr. Nogales , the first Hispanic person to serve as a Coors director , is an addition to the board , increasing its membership to nine . 
Mr. Zafris thinks rates are heading down , helping small companies . 
`` I was never sure Donald Trump really wanted to take AMR , '' said John Mattis , a bond analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
It recently began a pilot program to test an electronic trading system called ATS\/2 , the automated trading system created by the International Commodities Clearing House . 
`` If futures are n't permitted here , we 'll take it to Australia or Tokyo . '' 
This occurred partly because of more competition as the number of new businesses surged . 
A few years ago , parents usually had to hire a sitter or take turns skiing while one spouse stayed with the children . 
Despite continuing troubles with problem assets and nonperforming loans , the trust said it expects to be able to maintain or increase the rate of distributions because of operations of joint-venture properties . 
To find out what red tape riles entrepreneurs most , the Journal asked a completely unscientific , random sample of business owners to fantasize about the forms and regulations they would most like to get lost in the mail . 
Carter Glass , a former treasury secretary who was then back in Congress , probably influenced the decision . 
Mr. Palicka 's picks from the OTC market include Legent , Mail Boxes Etc. , and Payco American . 
Under construction is the strip 's 24th showroom , the future home of Lexus , a luxury marque launched by Toyota Motor Corp. just two months ago . 
`` Credibility sounds intangible . 
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much-larger Mesa . 
Like Mr. Geffen 's arrangement , the venture gives Mr. Azoff a link to the world 's largest and most successful record distributor ; in the U.S. alone , Warner has a 40 % share of the market , about double its nearest competitor , Sony Corp. 's CBS Records . 
As it turned out , Carlos Perches Trevino and Ramon Sardina Garcia had hidden the haul in a closet in the Perches family 's home for a year . 
The drop is particularly large for white males , although black males and white and black women also show lower mortality rates . 
UAL fell $ 6.25 a share to $ 191.75 on volume of 2.3 million shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange as concern deepened among takeover stock traders about the length of time it will take to revive the purchase . 
In the Northeast , however , sales declined 0.4 % in the period , with sales in New England falling 2.6 % . 
Murata Mfg. Co. said it is establishing a subsidiary in Britain to produce electric parts , including ceramic condensers . 
Mr. Baker seems especially sensitive to the Washington ailment known as Beltway-itis . 
Several leveraged funds do n't want to cut the amount they borrow because it would slash the income they pay shareholders , fund officials said . 
`` I 've ripped out a lot of Delicious '' and grafted the trees with many different shoots , says Steve Wood , a West Lebanon , N.H. , grower , tramping through his 100-acre Poverty Lane Orchard on a crisp autumn day recently . 
Gingerly , some economists began to blame central planning . 
She will oversee Working Woman , Working Mother and Success magazines , and retain her post as publisher of Working Woman . 
Mr. Lee estimates that about 10,000 property speculators are operating in South Korea . 
`` It was crazy , '' said Neil Weisman , general partner of Chilmark Capital Corp . 
`` We can not quantify the total adverse effects of Hugo , '' said Edwin Colodny , chairman and president of USAir Group . 
The bill gets signed into law and then the administration watches helplessly , wondering where all the `` unexpected '' costs came from . 
The international specialty chemical company 's earnings were hurt by an accrual for stock-appreciation rights that reflected a 19 % increase in the stock price , and higher interest expenses . 
But wealthy individuals also have been jumping in , and lately brokers have been pushing smaller investors into the asset-backed market . 
Since the 1950s , federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in credit volume , subsidy rates , and policy applications , spurred on by the growth of government in general and budget gimmicks and deceptive management in particular . 
Its counterpart , the Nasdaq Financial Index , was weak for most of the day , sliding 2.51 to 453.57 by the end of trading . 
Soviet leaders said they would support their Kabul clients by all means necessary -- and did . 
A new fund , its operating expenses are being temporarily subsidized by the sponsor . 
The company said it will move the storage and cross-blending operations to a site 23 miles northeast of Las Vegas to distance the operations from residential areas . 
GR8FLRED : 
Recently the industry has faced the threat of new restrictions , and political donations may have been made with the intent to bribe . 
The move will make the drug available free of charge for a time to children with the disease and symptoms of advanced infection . 
`` But think of the money you , the reader , will save on Halloween , '' said Mr. Barnicle . 
Fiat S.p . A. , Italy 's leading industrial group , is conducting `` concrete '' talks with West Germany 's Daimler-Benz AG on a series of projects in the aerospace sector , Fiat officials said . 
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation . 
Earlier this year , the U.S. complained that Japan 's supercomputer makers were effectively closing out foreign competitors by slashing prices as much as 90 % for universities . 
Except for a few spots , notably Georgia , Virginia and Michigan , failures declined almost across the board , according to the business information services company . 
Mr. North remains in heavy demand as a speaker , for fees reported in the $ 20,000 range . 
But Ford , Jaguar 's biggest shareholder since lifting its stake to 10.4 % this week , is pressing harder for talks with Sir John . 
Varity has proposed to acquire K-H Corp. , consisting of the auto parts division and some debt of Fruehauf Corp. , for $ 577.3 million of cash and securities . 
Its many lively stories include the Gutfreund-Postel holiday cheer imbroglio . 
About two-thirds of the Well 's 3,000 subscribers live in the Bay Area . 
But interest instead decreased . 
`` But I was n't ready for a career at that time . '' 
`` People in the stock market were very much Thatcher 's children -- very young and wealthy optimists . 
Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro-industry projects , he said . 
Fredric Russell , a money manager in Tulsa , Okla. , says Friday 's cave-in `` is going to have more of a permanent impact on the psyche of many investors than Wall Street would want to admit . '' 
That irritates many women who have n't taken their husbands ' last name . 
He also declined to comment on the name that Coopers would use in England if Deloitte UK won its litigation to keep its name . 
Particularly touchy are the cases of New York , which is Drexel 's base , and California , the base of Drexel 's highly profitable junk-bond operation that led to the firm 's legal difficulties . 
Over the past decade or two , while I was thinking about fox hunting , the insurance industry has spawned an incredible number of products , variations on products , and variations on the variations . 
Whether Polly Peck 's acquisition makes sense remains to be seen , but at the news conference , Mr. Nadir brimmed with self-confidence that he can turn Sansui around . 
The executives face five to 15 years in prison and fines of $ 5,000 or double the profit made by failing to comply with the rules . 
In Big Board composite trading yesterday , Pacific Telesis common closed at $ 45.50 , up 87.5 cents . 
Mr. Belli , like many other personal-injury lawyers , suspects that the earthquake , which measured 6.9 on the Richter scale , will generate enough lawsuits to keep this city 's personal-injury and construction lawyers busy for quite some time . 
And Eugene Glazer , an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , said : `` If you hired an attorney to be there all the time and give you a ( prediction ) of the eventual award , I would be willing to bet that he would be off '' by a lot . 
Japanese and European steelmakers , which have led the recent technology developments , are anxiously awaiting the lifting of trade restraints in 1992 . 
Wang 's customers are data processing managers who want to be sure that their suppliers are stable , wellrun companies that will be around to fix bugs and upgrade computers for years to come . 
Anyway , ZBB 's procedures were so cumbersome that everyone involved was crushed under a burden of marginalia . 
Advancing and declining issues finished about even . 
In a report on China 's foundering economy , the official State Statistical Bureau disclosed that industrial output last month rose 0.9 % from a year earlier - the lowest growth rate in a decade for September . 
British Airways fell 1 to 31 7\/8 . 
So it 's difficult to swallow the notion that Mr. Baker is willing to accept conditions that would help the Khmer Rouge set up shop again in Phnom Penh . 
Net for the nine months was $ 254 million , or $ 5.94 a share , up 56 % from $ 163 million , or $ 4.06 a share , a year earlier . 
As he stands on a hill at the beginning of a six-day motor expedition from Oxfordshire to Cornwall , where a former housekeeper resides , perhaps the victim of an unhappy 20-year marriage , perhaps ( he hopes with more fervor than he will ever acknowledge ) not disinclined to return to domestic service , Stevens surveys the view and thereby provides a self-portrait , a credo and the author 's metaphor for the aesthetic of the novel we 're reading : 
The industry used 82.2 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.8 % the previous week and 84 % a year ago . 
Finally , the government has to convince a rattled financial community -- and voters -- it is proceeding coherently toward its goals . 
And , just recently , Merrill Lynch cut the recommended bondholdings back to 50 % . 
I love this business , '' he says . 
John Franco , 47 years old , formerly vice chairman of Capital Holding Corp. and president of its Accumulation Investment Group , was named chief executive officer of this insurance holding company , effective Dec. 1 , succeeding Robert T. Shaw , who remains chairman . 
Excluding the increase in loan-loss reserves , Bankers Trust said third-quarter net income would have increased 11 % to $ 180 million . 
Small-business interests have lobbied against the so-called Section 89 tax rules . 
He also is working with a real-estate agent to help find them an apartment to rent while their home is being built . 
Or is it that Mr. Z. is getting a little tired of `` Traviata '' ? 
`` Adverse pressure on gross margins ... has subsided , '' Mr. Sculley said . 
Some fund managers say inflows could increase in coming days as a result of stock selling in the wake of Friday 's 190.58 point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
The government built ports , bridges , highways , schools , hospitals and railways . 
`` It was like flying without a pilot in the front of the plane . '' 
There is some pain , when Lucy has the baby and `` did n't know she would feel like this '' and wants to keep the baby . 
`` To the professionals in the trade it did n't cause much surprise . 
`` I do not have a view of whether we should do anything about program trading at this time , '' he said . 
Expenses in the quarter dropped 11.2 % to $ 664.3 million from $ 747.7 million a year ago . 
The announcement came after the market 's close . 
Both Mr. Brown , the state 's most influential legislator , and Gov. Deukmejian favor a temporary sales tax increase -- should more money be needed than the state can raise from existing sources and the federal government . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters had agreed to extend their Warner agreement with the new five-year exclusive contract . 
`` Before futures , '' says New York investor Michael Harkins , `` you actually had to pay attention to whether the thing you were buying had any intrinsic value . '' 
`` Just because a particular element of the firm is down , '' such as stockbrokerage , `` does n't mean the executive committee should be paid less , '' he said . 
The poll , conducted Aug. 7-28 , also provides a glimpse into the thinking of serious investors on a variety of other topics . 
And in suburban Boston , developers are bracing for cutbacks in the computer industry , a major user of office space . 
Meanwhile , the average yield on taxable funds dropped nearly a tenth of a percentage point , the largest drop since midsummer . 
In other words , economic growth would be lower and unemployment would be higher for a few years . 
Wisconsin Toy currently has about 4.7 million shares outstanding . 
To make it to top-10 status , it would have to leapfrog over such formidable forces as Grey Advertising , D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles and Omnicom 's DDB Needham . 
COOPERATION WANES on weapons development between the U.S. and Europe . 
Some of the utility 's employees may opt for a four-day workweek , 10 hours a day , to cut the commute by 20 % . 
Some couples continue to try . 
El Al director Rafi Har-Lev and top officials of the Soviet Union 's Aeroflot negotiated a preliminary pact in Moscow this week , the spokesman said . 
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 . 
In a distressing number of cases , no . 
The administration also made clear its continuing distate for the leftist Nicaraguan government in recent days , endorsing a package of electoral aid to the Nicaraguan opposition , renewing the U.S. trade embargo against the country and continuing to complain that the country supports rebel groups in the region . 
The cost of buying the additional 48 % stake would be 10.95 billion francs ( $ 1.74 billion ) . 
Much like their cohorts in political consulting and product marketing , the litigation advisers encourage their clients to play down complex or ambiguous matters , simplify their messages and provide their target audiences with a psychological craving to make the desired choice . 
Because the show has acquired a sense of place by being filmed on location in Georgia , this episode -- in which Althea gets raped by an arrogant white schoolteacher -- does a decent job of tracing the social repercussions of the crime . 
Unlike the Maronites , Israel 's Jews will not let themselves become the weakest force in a system of private armies ; Jerusalem will become Belfast before it becomes Beirut . 
( NYSE ; Symbol : TW ) 
Assuming full operation of the Seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed but is n't yet operating , equity holders would receive up to $ 500 million in cash , preferred stock and new 10-year Seabrook bonds . 
The ULI is a non-profit research and education group based in Washington , D.C. , with 14,000 members nationwide . 
Another major trick in making a portfolio recession-resistant is choosing stocks in `` defensive '' industries . 
Keith Mulrooney , special assistant to Federal Highway Administrator Thomas Larson , also said that after the 1971 San Fernando earthquake in Southern California , the state set tougher standards for bridges , and with federal aid , began a program to retrofit highways and bridges for earthquake hazards . 
Ford 's latest move increases the pressure on GM to complete its current talks with Jaguar quickly . 
He cut the dropout rate by 5.5 % . 
Big Board volume dropped to 166,900,000 shares , in line with the level of trading over the past few weeks , from 224.1 million Tuesday . 
The National Taxpayers Union would like Congress to add 800,000 acres to the 453,000 of shoreline in the system by enacting `` The Coastal Barrier Improvement Act of 1989 . '' 
Geraldo or Phil would probably pull up another camera and interview the chained protesters . 
Separately , Ford said it will offer $ 750 cash rebates to buyers of its 1990-model Ford Bronco sport utility vehicle . 
But some market players still think earthquake speculation could have more impact on the oil markets . 
Says Todd Richter , an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds : `` The shakeout in the publicly traded companies is over . 
OPEC 's ability to produce more petroleum than it can sell is beginning to cast a shadow over world oil markets . 
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 . 
The separate $ 67 billion bill sent to the White House had budget difficulties , too , but was saved ultimately by its importance to a broad spectrum of interests in Congress and the administration itself . 
Currency analysts predict that in the coming week the foreign exchange market will shift its focus back to economic fundamentals , keeping a close eye out for any signs of monetary easing by U.S. Federal Reserve . 
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14-judge panel . 
Oregon -- $ 100 million of general obligation veterans ' tax notes , Series 1989 , dated Nov. 1 , 1989 , and due Nov. 1 , 1990 , through a Chemical Securities Inc. group . 
Similarly , one of the most popular comedy genres of the 1930s and '40s was the `` murder mystery\/comedy . '' 
When the market stabilized , he added , the firm sold the bonds and quickly paid the loans back . 
Some speculate that Mr. Corry would agree if he could find a buyer at the right price . 
Fed critics , however , hailed it as a long overdue attempt to bring a measure of openness and democracy to the setting of monetary policy . 
Jefferies , a Los Angeles holding company primarily engaged in securities trading , also said stock market declines since the quarter ended Sept. 30 created an unrealized pretax loss of about $ 6 million in its risk arbitrage account . 
Warner has a five-year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio . 
Paribas shares closed down 30 francs at 610 francs , and Navigation Mixte shares were suspended at 1,800 francs pending the outcome of the bid . 
At an inconclusive Geneva meeting late last month , OPEC 's oil ministers halfheartedly approved another increase of one million barrels a day in their production ceiling . 
The voters delivered Mr. Gonzalez a third mandate for his successes . 
As former Ambassador to Costa Rica Francis J. McNeil testified before the subcommittee , the Reagan administration knew that Gen. Noriega was involved with narcotics , but made a decision in the summer of 1986 `` to put Gen. Noriega on the shelf until Nicaragua was settled . '' 
The action came after the Senate approved the House-passed measure . 
For the most part , major corporations ' headquarters and plants were unaffected or only slightly damaged by Tuesday 's earthquake , which registered 6.9 on the Richter scale . 
Reuben Mark , chairman of Colgate-Palmolive Co. , said he is `` comfortable '' with analysts ' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share . 
EVEREX SYSTEMS INC. , Fremont , maker of personal computers and peripherals , annual sales of $ 377 million , OTC , had minor damage and was almost fully operational yesterday . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
Chevron 
So after all , even the bitterest critic of rural exclusivity harbors a continuing yearning for those scarce , rural virtues thought to exist amid fields , forests and country lanes . 
In the end , after meeting with the former housekeeper , Stevens sits by the seashore at dusk , thinking of her and of his employer , and declares `` I trusted . 
That 's a question a lot of people are asking , following the stock market 's stunning display of volatility . 
The buyer was GE Capital Railcar Services , Chicago , a major owner of railway equipment and part of the GE Capital operations . 
`` It 's gotten to the point where if the case is large enough , it 's almost malpractice not to use them , '' he says . 
But that is not the same as saying that the Federal Reserve has other objectives . 
`` We do n't want Brussels deciding conditions for workers unless they are necessary and useful , '' said Zygmunt Tyszkiewicz , secretary general of the employers ' confederation Unice . 
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear . 
Ms. Tilly of the tweety-bird voice showed great comic promise during her stint as the mobster 's girlfriend on the television show , `` Hill Street Blues . '' 
Saul Resnick 
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value . 
Nearly three-fourths of the people who own home exercise equipment do n't use it as much as they planned , according to The Wall Street Journal 's `` American Way of Buying '' survey . 
Wells Fargo Investment Advisers , for example , managed $ 25 billion in stock investments tracking the S&P 500 at the end of June , according to Standard & Poor 's Corp . 
Over a cup of coffee , Mr. Stone told his story . 
Almost 40 % of schizophrenic men have an impaired sense of smell vs. fewer than 10 % of schizophrenic women , reports the American Journal of Psychiatry . 
At that point investors may face a long , bumpy ride . 
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons . 
Two cans cost 89 cents during the drought . 
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract-drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future . 
Indeed , Mr. Krenz said on East German television last night that there will be no sharing of power with pro-democracy groups . 
Swedish National Radio reports that about $ 40 million -- nearly 3 % of the total contract -- was paid by Bofors as commissions to middlemen . 
Sales of Cherokee , the best-selling Jeep , and the lower-volume Wagoneer were actually up about 10 % through the end of last month . 
There also are `` 800 '' hotlines which refer people to lawyers , usually personal-injury specialists , for in-office consultation . 
Judy Woodruff hosts this handsome four-part series about the history , economy , culture and politics of the island home of Chinese democracy and capitalism . 
After talking on and off for the past four weeks , Mr. Roman said , he agreed to take the job because `` it 's the right time , it 's a terrific opportunity , and I think I leave the company in very strong hands . 
Lloyd 's of London said it plans to clamp down on the ability of underwriting syndicates to leave their annual accounts open beyond the customary three years . 
If it is n't completed , Comprehensive Care said it would be `` required to promptly restructure its debt . '' 
It said it would purchase the stock at market price . 
Many Indians fear a repeat of that experience . 
I await his sequel : the economic and social resiliency of the San Francisco Bay area and the outstanding work of the local governments and the private charitable organizations there as metaphors for the supremacy of whatever failed system Mr. Cockburn now believes in . 
In addition to the forecast , the company also said it is examining potential cost cuts and reductions in overhead . 
Because a purchaser can use an FHA loan to finance all points and closing costs , the FHA can wind up lending more than a house is worth . 
The consultants maintained Eastern would n't generate the cash it needs and would have to issue new debt to meet its targets under the plan . 
Just this week , the House-Senate conference met -- 231 conferees , divided into 26 different subconferences . 
First , there 's the name : `` asset-backed securities . '' 
Most zero-coupon CDs are in maturities of six to nine years , and they usually double in value by maturity . 
Afghan guerrillas bombarded Kabul in a weekend assault that Western diplomats called one of the biggest offensives since the Soviet Union completed a troop withdrawal in February . 
But the Americans are also to blame . 
The report says that `` the restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will principally involve the transfer and termination of employees in our U.S. operations . '' 
Costly infertility problems and procedures proliferate as aging baby boomers and others decide to have children -- now . 
Two more securities firms bowed to the outcry over program trading . 
The giant computer maker is slated to offer $ 500 million of 30-year non-callable debentures through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
In addition , McCall 's put in a less than stellar performance . 
USAir fell 2 1\/2 to 40 . 
Eastern Reproduction Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of thin metal precision parts , must report to five federal and state agencies as well as to local fire , police , hospital and plumbing authorities , says Robert Maguire , president . 
Junk-fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices . 
Last year , 45,000 went . 
Others grab books , records , photo albums , sofas and chairs , working frantically in the fear that an aftershock will jolt the house again . 
On Asia-Pacific prosperity : `` If America can keep up the present situation -- her markets open for another 15 years , with adjustments , and Japan can grow and not cut back , and so too , Korea , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Singapore , ASEAN , Australia and New Zealand -- then in 15 years , the economies of these countries would be totally restructured to be able to almost sustain growth by themselves . '' 
It also says countries could temporarily raise tariffs on certain products if they experience an unusually heavy volume of imports . 
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 . 
The defense electronics concern attributed the operating improvement to higher profit margins and lower net interest expense . 
Robert H. Carlson , previous president and chief executive of Universal-Rundle , will assume the title of chairman of the unit , a vitreous-china maker . 
The exclusion would apply to assets sold after Oct. 1 , 1989 . 
Mr. Yanes said the film , One Film , is currently carried at about 15,000 retail outlets , including drugstores and supermarkets . 
Mr. Covert had to search through law books scattered on the floor of his office yesterday , and Mr. Belli 's courtyard was strewn with bricks . 
The Communications Workers of America , which opposes such monitoring , says supervisors listen in on an estimated 400 million calls each year . 
The main obstacle is finding a way to pay for them . 
California Thefts Make Travel Agents Jittery 
Maidenform products are mainly sold at department stores , but the company has quietly opened a retail store of its own in Omaha , Neb. , and has 24 factory outlets , with plans to add more . 
The note would accrue interest at the rate of 13.5 % a year , which would be payable to the fund after five years , according to Stephen E. Roulac , a real estate consultant working for the fund . 
European Investment Bank ( agency ) -- $ 150 million of 8 1\/2 % bonds due Nov. 22 , 1999 , priced at 99.75 to yield 8.54 % at reoffered price , via lead manager JP Morgan Securities Ltd . 
However , the Swiss financial press in general , as well as many analysts , have had a hard time making up their minds about Mr. Rey and his un-Swiss ways . 
Eagle 's plastic type sharpens and looks like a wooden pencil . 
He launched into Saint-Saens 's `` The Swan '' from `` Carnival of the Animals , '' a favorite encore piece for cellists , with lovely , glossy tone and no bite . 
`` If we want to survive as a people , '' he says , `` we have to change our way of life . 
The dealer said India might be the real factor that is keeping futures prices firm . 
Hells Angels was formed in 1948 and incorporated in 1966 . 
Two years of coddling , down the drain . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking issues lost 2.38 to 458.32 . 
Then , to make these gardenettes quite literally rooms , Ms. Bartlett had thrown up windowless walls ( brick , lattice , hedge ) eight to 10 feet tall , casting her interiors into day-long Stygian shade . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses . 
Margins in the fiscal fourth quarter perked up , rising to 51 % from 49.2 % a year earlier . 
Also , the company posted improved third-quarter earnings . 
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million . 
`` There is a class of investor that wants to be exposed '' to the whole market , says Sandip Bhagat , assistant vice president at Travelers Investment Management Co . 
Revenue rose 17 % to $ 1.62 billion from $ 1.39 billion . 
Among companies saying they monitor employees are United Airlines , American Airlines , United Parcel Service , Nynex Corp. , Spiegel Inc. , and the circulation department of this newspaper . 
David W. Lodge was elected vice president and chief financial officer , effective Nov. 1 . 
In a speech given Friday but released late Monday , Bundesbank Vice President Helmut Schlesinger suggested that it was risky to claim that the booming German economy has reached the peak of its cycle . 
The buy-back represents about 3 % of the company 's shares , based on the 3.7 million shares outstanding as of Sept. 30 . 
Although an Imperial spokesman said the company had n't yet been served with the derivative suit , he reiterated the company 's statement that it would vigorously defend itself against the class-action suit . 
Growing pressures on the Arizona real-estate market are affecting the thrift ; Pinnacle West told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report it may consider filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection if it ca n't reach an agreement with federal regulators to provide additional capital to MeraBank . 
Although the board believed that Mr. Icahn is more interested in talking the stock price higher than acquiring USX , it adopted a poison-pill defense , to be swallowed if anyone amasses a 15 % stake . 
Last year , Pennsylvania Supreme Court Justice John P. Flaherty called Mr. O'Kicki one of the finest judges `` not only in Pennsylvania but in the United States . '' 
Coke now leads Pepsi in market share in caffeine-free diet colas but trails Pepsi in sales of caffeine-free sugared colas , according to Beverage Digest . 
Britain , France and Italy pull out of a proposal to build new NATO frigates ; the U.S. and West Germany have each withdrawn from missile projects . 
Selling the FHA 's loan portfolio to the highest bidder would save the taxpayers untold billions in future losses . 
Most of the higher costs were associated with acquisitions and growth in nonregulated business units , it added . 
In areas where the freeway made giant concrete sandwiches of itself lie cars that police say have been flattened into foot-thick slabs . 
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352-mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss . 
`` I would like to go back to 1970 . 
The deal by the Ford Motor Co. unit , priced Monday , was increased to $ 3.05 billion from $ 2.58 billion . 
So , he advises , make goals achievable . 
Mr. Bartlett managed to more or less maintain Moliere 's Alexandrine verse form , 12 syllable lines in rhyming couplets . 
Provigo plans to sell all non-food operations to refocus on its retail and wholesale grocery business . 
This earthy , amusing film answers with a resounding `` yes . '' 
But , Mr. Kakita added , once U.S. equities regain some stability , players will move back into dollar-denominated investments , especially Treasury bonds , whose value rises when interest rates decline . 
The telephone number for the charity in Shelton , Conn. , has been disconnected , and the former officials could n't be located . 
The tentative settlement between Gulf Power , a Pensacola , Fla. , electric company , and federal prosecutors would mark the end of one part of a wide-ranging inquiry of Southern Co. in the past year . 
The machinists previously had shown themselves to be an ally to Mr. Wolf , but he lost much of his credibility with that group when he teamed up with the pilot union . 
The company , based in Twinsburg , Ohio , said its operating profit before depreciation and amortization increased 51 % , to $ 9.2 million from $ 6.1 million . 
Utilities management is a major commercial niche . 
In addition , an unusually wide array of federal agencies moved to provide specialized assistance . 
But the size , shape and role of the NSC staff have been left for each president and his national security adviser to decide . 
This was in addition to a more parochial $ 4.5 million authorization for a health center in South Carolina upheld by a 273-121 vote in the House last night . 
`` We can support the American flag without changing the American Constitution , '' said Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine . 
In June , the Chicago Board of Trade said it suspended Capcom Financial . 
a - Discounted rate . 
After expanding rapidly during the bull-market years up to the 1987 crash , retail brokerage operations these days are getting barely enough business to pay the overhead . 
Instead , they are spending to reinforce the identity that they believe attracts their customers . 
Nationwide Health said that although it has the cash to cover the 25-cent-a-share dividend , its banks have denied the company 's request to pay it because the trust has n't met certain terms . 
U.S. GNP rose at an annual rate of 2.5 % in the third quarter . 
It would force these countries to introduce minimum standards for pay and working hours , and provide for collective bargaining and worker `` participation '' in major corporate decisions . 
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
Similarly , he says , suppose you were attracted to a company because of expectations that sales would hit $ 200 million by 1990 . 
Ms. Bogart 's cast is part and parcel of the problem . 
President Bush in June vetoed a measure passed by Congress and said he would n't accept any minimum-wage rise that went beyond limits he set early in this year 's debate on the issue . 
Net product sales accounted for $ 76 million , up from $ 57.5 million a year earlier . 
That complex bid was billed as France 's largest takeover ever ( this one is slightly smaller ) . 
Seasonal Stackup 
He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '60s and '70s : for assault and unlawful confinement , for fraud and forgery of private documents , and for extortion . 
But , given what might have happened to the fragile parts that are at the heart of the microelectronics business , the bulk of Valley companies seemed to be just about shouting hosannas . 
Mr. Fried also is the managing partner of Albert Fried & Co . 
The first analyst said that the Japanese , as well as the Chinese , bought copper earlier in the week in London , but that this purchasing has since slackened as the supply situation , at least over the long term , appears to have improved . 
Perhaps the Halloween season is a good time for Congress to be looking at funding for some ghostbusting equipment . 
Of all the unflattering portraits of small-town America I 've seen on TV , this film is the most gratuitously nasty . 
Responses were weighted on the basis of age and gender to conform with U.S. Census data . 
Rockwell said the agreement calls for it to supply 200 additional so-called shipsets for the planes . 
Ms. Waleson is a free-lance writer based in New York . 
The name of the game is to move goods . 
Citing current stock market conditions and the trend away from highly leveraged transactions , Grimm said it was n't certain that the total value of transactions for the year will exceed the record $ 247 billion in 1988 . 
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said . 
Dataproducts is fighting a hostile tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners , a group led by New York-based Crescott Investments Associates . 
Competitors are known as the `` enemy . '' 
The number of issues falling on the New York Stock Exchange each day is eclipsing the number of gainers . 
This compares with a 1.6 % rise in the second from the first quarter and a 5.4 % increase from the second quarter of 1988 . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days . 
General Motors Corp. 's Chevrolet division , reacting to slow sales , said it will offer $ 800 rebates on its 1990 Beretta , the two-door version of its core compact-car line . 
Treasury Securities 
But investors looking for alternatives are n't finding it easy . 
During the same period , the company has sold about 1.6 billion guilders of assets . 
This is particularly good news for those who hate risk , who are incapable of doing extensive amounts of planning and who refuse to see their life styles hurt in any way . 
`` The ANC wo n't be stopped until there is a provision for black aspirations , '' says Mr. Verwoerd . 
Recent studies by Georgeson & Co. conclude that corporations with poison pills have experienced greater stock-price appreciation than corporations without poison pills during the past few years . 
The year-on-year rise in August was slightly down from the 6.4 % rate in July . 
They say they now get three or four `` legitimate '' calls a week from people harried by haunts . 
That award ended a dispute between Dean Witter and Mr. Bachman over who was responsible for certain bond-trading losses around the time of the 1987 stock-market crash . 
Springs Industries dropped 1 3\/8 to 36 . 
Mr. Bush asked Congress to raise to $ 6 billion from $ 3 billion the amount of money Defense Secretary Dick Cheney may shift among the Pentagon 's individual programs , projects and activities , allowing him to ease the pain that the Gramm-Rudman budget law was intended to inflict . 
Nowhere in the federal securities law is simple negligence or inadvertent action a source of liability under similar circumstances . 
The Los Angeles-based bank holding company disclosed last Friday that it had taken a huge $ 350 million provision for loan losses at the Arizona bank , the result of the state 's worsening real-estate market . 
But the strike has n't gone on long enough for Boeing to lose business in any real sense . '' 
Pharmaceuticals made across-the-board advances . 
Revenue climbed 25 % to $ 3.3 billion from $ 2.6 billion . 
Others are trying to find specialty defense work spared by the slowdown or new niches created by budget-cutting . 
CalMat said the sale is part of its previously announced plan to sell much of its real estate holdings to focus on its core business of mining and producing asphalt , concrete , rock and sand . 
Prices of high-yield , high-risk corporate securities ended unchanged . 
The 77-year-old Sisulu was among eight black political activists freed Sunday from prison . 
PPG Industries Inc. , hurt by softness in the U.S. automotive and construction industries , said third-quarter net income fell 5.5 % to $ 106.7 million , or 97 cents a share , from $ 112.9 million , or $ 1.03 a share , a year ago . 
And that , in turn , would only strengthen the argument of those who oppose execution under any circumstances . 
Many money managers are bracing for a decline in stocks of companies with big debt loads on their balance sheets . 
According to the study , slightly more than 34 % of those surveyed reported having at least one housing problem every year for which they had no legal help . 
Aeroflot 's international fleet of 285 planes is being repainted and refurbished at Shannon Airport . 
In contrast , a student loan program that was meant solely to correct capital-market imperfections would allow loans for any student , regardless of family income , at market or near-market rates . 
Legislation to require the consent of parents before their daughters under the age of 18 can have abortions will probably pass both houses of the Michigan legislature and set up a grinding battle to override the expected veto of Democratic Gov. James Blanchard . 
So the men who ran the grain pits listened when Joseph Sullivan , a 35-year-old former Wall Street Journal newsman , offered them the idea of all-options trading . 
In the case of HHS Secretary Louis Sullivan , the litmus test could yet damage issues important to other parts of the Republican coalition . 
The fund last had a profit in 1985 . 
Revenue slipped 0.7 % to $ 395.3 million from $ 398.3 million . 
But the ballplayers disagree . 
The Dutch , who had some trading problems because of insufficient computer capacity , say new equipment to solve the problems ought to be installed within a month . 
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige . 
`` The impact , if there is any , will be impossible to judge ahead of time because the decision whether to use { racketeering charges } is made in individual cases '' by Justice Department officials in Washington , he said . 
The German stock index tumbled 26.29 to end at 
GM 's car sales dropped 24.8 % in mid-October to 69,980 , while truck sales fell 26 % to 37,860 . 
The Mexico-United States Institute is glad to see such a high official as Mexico 's undersecretary of finance view his country 's reforms `` in the context of a larger , world-wide process '' of profound change toward free-market economics , especially in the statist countries . 
Some companies are cutting costs and hoping for the best . 
Paying off that debt put such a squeeze on Campeau and its stores that Federated decided to sell off the jewels of its retailing empire , including Bloomingdale 's . 
Caltrans abandoned double-decking in the early 1970s , following the 1971 Sylmar earthquake that destroyed freeway sections just north of Los Angeles , Mr. O'Connell explained . 
A Modern Healthcare magazine article says 40 % of surveyed executives admitted falling asleep during formal presentations ... . 
At the same time four of six design projects were spiked , he said . 
It is the right-wing guerrillas who are aligned with the drug traffickers , not the left wing . 
That would help reduce Santa Fe Pacific 's remaining debt to about $ 600 million from a high of $ 3.7 billion in early 1988 . 
They are : `` A Payroll to Meet : A Story of Greed , Corruption and Football at SMU '' ( Macmillan , 221 pages , $ 18.95 ) by David Whitford ; `` Big Red Confidential : Inside Nebraska Football '' ( Contemporary , 231 pages , $ 17.95 ) by Armen Keteyian ; and `` Never Too Young to Die : The Death of Len Bias '' ( Pantheon , 252 pages , $ 18.95 ) by Lewis Cole . 
`` One possible explanation for this decline '' in taking cases to trial , says Mr. Burnham , `` is that the number of defendants being charged with crimes by all U.S. attorneys has substantially increased . '' 
Never once did she gasp for air or mop her brow . 
Mr. Ferguson , who is 68 years old , fled the U.S. in 1970 after exhausting his appeals of a 1968 conviction on conspiracy to murder . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Some analysts add that third-party pressures to reduce health costs will continue to bedevil companies ' bottom lines . 
For Mr. Kageyama to argue that American employees must passively accept a direct imposition of the Japanese way of doing things is outright cultural chauvinism of the first order . 
University of Michigan researchers find the companies earn more and win a bigger market share when their American employees get a voice in planning , product development and design , including decision-making back in Japan . 
William O. McCoy , president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit , said the revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings by about 9 % in both 1990 and 1991 and by significantly less thereafter . 
It also lowered some air fares . 
He said that his resignation was a mutual decision with Capital Holding management , but that he was n't actually asked to resign . 
Spiegel said margins improved because its inventory position this year did n't need the costly markdowns required to trim last year 's swollen levels . 
Transportation department officials , however , said they were as surprised as anyone by the Cypress destruction . 
`` If anything , we 're going to see defaults increase because credit ratings have declined , '' says Paul Asquith , associate professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Sloan School of Management . 
At the time , Mr. Gatward said his friendship with Mr. Price had smoothed the way for its link with the small British company . 
They are tentatively priced to yield from 6.45 % in 1995 to 7.10 % in 2009 . 
Measures of manufacturing activity fell more than the overall measures . 
In 1985 , China had a record deficit of $ 11.4 billion . 
`` I felt kind of safe , '' she says . 
In 1983 `` extended wear '' versions , designed to be worn for 30 days at a time , wree offered . 
Avondale Industries Inc. received a $ 13.5 million Navy contract for ship spare parts . 
At the others , there are going to be a lot of disappointments , after all those promises and all that big money that 's been paid to people . '' 
No payments would be made this year , but beginning in fiscal 1991 , the bill commits the government to annual payments of as much as $ 500 million until the total liability of $ 1.25 billion is met . 
The British firm has begun court proceedings in London to prevent the use of the name `` Deloitte '' by Deloitte , Haskins & Sells and Touche Ross & Co. in England and the rest of the world . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Some of the associations have recommended Dr. Alan D. Lourie , 54 , a former patent agent with a doctorate in organic chemistry who now is associate general counsel with SmithKline Beckman Corp. in Philadelphia . 
Many Law School Grads Find Classes Never End 
`` For women , dressing for success in a real structured way is over . '' 
Ad Notes ... . 
For the nine months , Valley National posted a net loss of $ 136.4 million , or $ 6.90 a share . 
The collagen corneal shield helps speed healing of the cornea after eye surgery . 
Last year , when the rising Orange River threatened to swamp the course , the same engineers who are pushing back the Atlantic rushed to build a wall to hold back the flood . 
Labor problems top the list . 
Final approval came on a simple voice vote in the Senate , and the swift passage contrasted with months of negotiations over the underlying bill which is laced with special-interest provisions for both members and the executive branch . 
Illinois , for instance , currently has under investigation 10 of the 30 companies drumming up funds for charities soliciting there . 
`` It also means she will never have to know whether she had actually been pregnant . '' 
Thomas E. Meador , 42 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of Balcor Co. , a Skokie , Ill. , subsidiary of this New York investment banking firm . 
But the companies said that Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents will market GRE life insurance , pension and investment products through its more than 1,000 retail outlets in the U.K . 
Its role in the economies of developing countries has grown steadily since the 1970s . 
British government bonds , or gilts , ended moderately lower as equities there recovered from Tuesday 's drop . 
Saab , meanwhile , is left to continue its search for an ally to shore up its sagging car business . 
Together , the six government-controlled or essentially insolvent Arizona thrifts have tangible capital of a negative $ 1.5 billion , foreclosed property of $ 1.8 billion and pastdue loans of $ 1.63 billion . 
Ingalls Shipbuilding Inc. , a division of Litton Industries Inc. , was given a $ 15.5 million extension on a contract for shipyard services . 
She now lives with relatives in Alabama . 
Mr. Falls transfers the setting to Hollywood , and transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- agents , producers , actors , writers and sycophants . 
Over the past four years , the number of consumer magazines has increased by an average of 80 magazines annually , according to Donald Kummerfeld , president of the Magazine Publishers of America . 
Most of the owners must pay up to 10 % of gross ticket sales for leases on stadiums they say are either too small or too old . 
This is the 11th consecutive quarter in which the company has paid shareholders an extra dividend of five cents . 
Sales dropped 6 % to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.74 billion , reflecting eight fewer business days in the latest quarter . 
Art , says the playwright in `` Wedding Song , '' is `` the surrogate for the action that an idealist like me is unable to take . '' 
But when it became clear that rates had stabilized and that the Fed 's credit-easing policy was on hold , bond yields jumped and prices tumbled . 
`` Tivoli Motel , '' I read a sign in the usual pronunciation of the name as we whoosh through . 
The Western government report 's first scenario assumes a 30 % reduction in foreign borrowing and a 5 % contraction in foreign direct investment . 
DIASONICS INC. , South San Francisco , maker of magnetic resonance imaging equipment , annual sales of $ 281 million , Amex , had minor damage , mostly in a stockroom . 
Mr. Gurria , Mexico 's under-secretary of the ministry of finance , met yesterday with European bankers in London , at the half-way point on a so-called road show to market the package around the world . 
Saab 's problems were underscored Friday when the company announced that its car division had a 1.2 billion kronor ( $ 186.1 million ) loss during the first eight months of this year , slightly worse than Saab-Scania had forecast in its first-half report last month . 
I actually thought that I might die . 
U.S. takeover-stock speculators , who may own between 20 % and 30 % of Jaguar , could give Ford enough votes to block the GM deal . 
Loral Corp. said fiscal second-quarter net income was $ 19.8 million , or 79 cents a share , compared with year-earlier earnings from continuing operations of $ 15.6 million , or 62 cents a share . 
A core group of six or so Democratic senators has been working behind the scenes to develop a proposal to reduce the tax on the gain from the sale of assets . 
Revenue in the latest quarter fell 17 % to $ 44 million from $ 53.2 million , the company said , reflecting poor utilization of the company 's facilities and its behavioral medicine contracts . 
And Oct. 24 , Quotron said it will market the automated trading system of broker-dealer Chapdelaine Government Securities Inc . 
He cautions that early damage estimates are often low ; the damage totals in Hurricane Hugo increased tenfold as more information was received . 
`` It 's more of an important issue to keep control of those assets , rather than push the investor to move into ( specific ) products such as equities , '' Mr. Grano says . 
This pill automatically expires after three years unless continued by a vote of the shareholders . 
Other stocks were affected by corporate earnings . 
The tremor was centered near Hollister , southeast of San Francisco , and was felt as far as 200 miles away . 
The new holding company , Webster\/Eagle Bancorp Inc. , will have about $ 1.2 billion of assets and 19 banking offices in Connecticut . 
For the year-earlier period , the company reported a loss of $ 520,000 or six cents a share . 
He cashed in . 
Cairo 's spirited squalor also has gone gray . 
It would be inappropriate for the government or the central bank to buy or sell IBM or General Motors shares . 
The deficit-reduction bill became snagged over efforts to streamline the House version of the legislation in advance of a House-Senate conference . 
One way out of that dilemma could be a partial recapitalization in which the pilots would wind up sharing the value of their concessions with public shareholders . 
I do n't believe they have the culture '' to adequately service high-net-worth individuals , he adds . 
Some U.S. allies are complaining that President Bush is pushing conventional-arms talks too quickly , creating a risk that negotiators will make errors that could affect the security of Western Europe for years . 
Belo said it increased its effective tax rate to 52 % from 47 % to account for potential liabilities related to an Internal Revenue Service investigation of its tax returns for the years 1984 through 1988 . 
Competition could be maintained -- and stadiums probably would remain full -- if schedules were reduced and the games returned to the students , we said . 
In major market activity : Treasury bond prices fell . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.49 % 30 days ; 8.44 % 60 days ; 8.27 % 90 days ; 8.12 % 120 days ; 8.05 % 150 days ; 7.98 % 180 days . 
Nora , who still has artistic aspirations , knows she is lucky to be working as a food stylist , prepping pies , burgers , frosty cold drinks and other comestibles to look as appetizing as possible in front of the camera . 
With the dust settling from the failed coup attempt in Panama , one of the many lingering questions the Bush administration will ponder is this : Is the National Security Council staff big enough , and does it have enough clout , to do its job of coordinating foreign policy ? 
On Thursday , a day after he took office , East German television broke into regular programming to launch a talk show in which viewers call in questions for a panel of officials to answer . 
The inquiry also will cover the actions of Charles Keating Jr. , who is chairman of American Continental Corp. , Lincoln 's parent , and who contributed heavily to several U.S. senators . 
`` If Flynn had n't lived there , the property might have been priced $ 1 million lower , '' says Mr. Rambo , noting that Flynn 's house has been bulldozed , and only the swimming pool remains . 
In the U.S. , Jaguar 's American depositary receipts rose 12.5 cents in over-the-counter trading , to $ 11.25 . 
-- The Washington Post , Sept. 9 , 1987 . 
Competition is intensifying as larger companies invade a mountain-bike market Mr. Sinyard 's company once had virtually all to itself . 
And they 're leaning more toward fixed income , whose returns after tax have trailed tuition increases . 
The prepaid plans take payment today -- usually at current tuitions or at a slight discount -- for a promise that tuition will be covered tomorrow . 
Sotheby 's is offering such deals because it 's an art sellers ' market , at least where the best works are concerned , says Ralph Lerner , an attorney and author of the book `` Art Law . '' 
But while the Merc reopened a half hour later , the CBOE remained closed , leaving many options traders unable to make trades that might have reduced the losses . 
China 's slide toward recession is beginning to look like a free fall . 
Others say they feel confident that steps they 've already taken would see them through a disaster . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
Robert J. McManus 
Mr. Keating raised $ 20,000 for Rep. Doug Barnard 's 1986 re-election campaign while the Georgia Democrat was taking his side against regulators who wanted to curb risky investments and wholesale deposit brokering . 
The $ 14 billion level in June marked a drop from $ 19 billion at the end of April . 
Gulf Power said in May that an internal audit had disclosed that at least one vendor had used false invoices to fund political causes . 
But Mr. Pilson has been put in the uncomfortable role of setting off a bidding frenzy for sports rights , a frenzy that the networks had hoped to avoid . 
`` I see we have about half the audience working for us , '' he said , tongue in cheek . 
Net income at Mobil Corp. slipped 4.5 % to $ 532 million , or $ 1.30 a share , from $ 557 million , or $ 1.36 a share . 
So far , as a price-conscious shopper , Manville has n't bought much . 
However , workers ca n't break ground until legal maneuvers to block the complex are resolved , moves which caused the signing to remain questionable up to the last moment . 
The FDA has asked Kellogg and General Mills to show research that their cereals are safe . 
-- Among married couples , the gap between blacks and whites narrowed sharply , as income of black families shot up 6.8 % while income of whites did n't budge . 
Of the almost 3,000 athletes surveyed , 1,240 took the time to respond . 
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second-quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said . 
We can not , however , join the political chorus that as one proclaims how offputting it is that Mrs. Thatcher refuses to get along by going along . 
He distinguished the two cases : In Salinger , Judge Leval noted , the quotations were for the purpose of enlivening the biography rather than of proving points about the subject . 
Mr. Dinkins 's campaign manager and former chief of staff , Bill Lynch , denies that the Manhattan borough president has taken too long to decide important issues . 
`` Developers are teaming up with institutions often acting as project managers , '' says Smedes York , ULI president and president of York Properties Inc. , of Raleigh , N.C . 
Boatmen 's Bancshares Inc. -- $ 150 million of 9 1\/4 % subordinated notes due Nov. 1 , 2001 , priced at 99.821 to yield 9.275 % . 
A dozen white office workers fold newsletters and stuff them into envelopes . 
For the nine months , Northrop reported a net loss of $ 46.9 million , or $ 1 a share , compared with profit of $ 190.3 million , or $ 4.05 a share , in 1988 . 
He said , while dialogue is important , enough forums already exist `` in which different interests '' can express themselves . 
`` Everytime we talked about Blinder International , { people } thought it was the brokerage house . '' 
The segment is soon to be broadcast on the CBS News series `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung , '' thus further blurring the distinction between fiction and reality in TV news . 
USED-CAR BUYERS who try to avoid sales tax by understating prices paid in private deals are the targets of a New York drive . 
Such investors tend to be more cautious than institutional investors are about re-entering the market after massive selloffs , market makers say . 
To make matters worse , the lone nomination came from another bureaucrat : A woman from the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance who nominated her boss . 
Investigation and taxpayer service accounts would grow to $ 1.6 billion , and Congress specifically added $ 7.4 million for stepped up criminal investigations of money laundering related to drug traffic . 
The stock , to be purchased on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions , will be held as treasury shares for stock options or other general corporate purposes . 
Among other provisions , the NIH guidelines would prohibit researchers and members of their immediate families from holding stock in any company that is affected by the outcome of their research . 
' This is loyalty intelligently bestowed . '' 
`` California prices were already coming down . 
Arrested were Jose O. Lopez , 27 years old , of Whittier , Calif. , the vault supervisor ; Carlos O. Huerta , 29 , of La Puente ; Luis A. Arroyo , 36 , of Los Angeles ; Ignacio Rojas Jr. , 32 , of Baldwin Park ; Doris Moreno , 37 , of Bell Gardens ; and Ana L. Azucena , 27 , of Huntington Park . 
`` There are some witnesses who will be forced to testify about their meetings with senators . '' 
But analysts focused more on the drop in revenue , to $ 1.04 billion from $ 1.07 billion , reflecting in part a continuing drop in sales of the controversial credit-reporting services . 
To do so , the judge said , the U.S. courts must review the judicial process in the foreign country independently of the State Department 's assessment . 
He remains chief executive officer . 
Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players . 
Securities trading was conducted in a backup facility in Concord . 
Yields for tax-exempt bonds range from 6 1\/2 % in 1990 to 7.88 % in 2003-2005 . 
An apartment complex down the road is the crew-rest and staging area for more than 130 Aeroflot pilots and flight attendants . 
At PaineWebber Inc. , they are `` investment executives . '' 
For one thing , an investor 's portfolio might not closely match the S&P 100 . 
Construction shares that gained included Shimizu , which rose 130 to 2,080 . 
The second incident took place after Mr. McDuffie gave an ambitious student recital and was feeling rather pleased with himself . 
But under Alan Greenspan that has changed . 
`` It 's now selling at a multiple about even with the market , '' says Mr. Douglas . 
`` It does establish a very clear precedent for suing the FHLBB where there was none before . '' 
BOND FUNDS : 
TW Services Inc. posted a $ 3.3 million third-quarter net loss , compared with a $ 24.9 million profit , reflecting $ 60 million of expenses related to its much-publicized proposed takeover by Coniston Partners . 
ARTICLE I , SECTION 7 , CLAUSE 2 : 
The Canadian application is expected to be announced in San Jose , Costa Rica , by Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney , who is attending a centenary celebration of Costa Rican democracy . 
Outflows of people and capital from Hong Kong have been growing since the sovereignty issue first arose in the early 1980s . 
Normally , once the underlying investment is suspended from trading , the options on those investments also do n't trade . 
In the first six months of this year , Berlitz posted net income of $ 7.6 million on sales of $ 106.2 million , compared with net income of $ 8.2 million on sales of $ 90.6 million . 
The failed takeover would have given UAL employees 75 % voting control of the nation 's second-largest airline , with management getting 10 % control and British Air 15 % . 
The action came as Congress sent to the president last night a stopgap spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake . 
Fox attracts a young audience with shows such as `` Married ... With Children , '' its most successful series . 
Tokyo stocks rebounded Tuesday from two consecutive daily losses in relatively active dealings . 
APPLIED MATERIALS INC. , Santa Clara , maker of computer-chip machine systems , annual sales of $ 490 million , OTC , had slight damage to headquarters , no damage to manufacturing plants . 
Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two-week trading account and the start of a new account . 
`` It was a timing mistake . '' 
`` It was an extraordinary situation that needed extraordinary steps , '' said Paul Stevens , OCC president and chief operating officer . 
Mr. Inouye , who chairs the select committee on Indian Affairs , used his power to move $ 400,000 from the Air Force to the Bureau of Indian Affairs to assist in renovating a decommissoned base to accommodate a drug and alcohol rehabilitation center . 
The spacecraft 's five astronauts are to dispatch the nuclear-powered Galileo space probe on an exploratory mission to Jupiter . 
Valley National , for example , had $ 470 million in problem assets as of June . 
And like college radicals everywhere , they are talking about a demonstration -- where protesters would gather quietly near the science building and raise their hands , classroom style . 
`` If they tried to sell , they 'd be chasing their own tail . 
Proceeds from the sale will be used for remodeling and refurbishing projects , as well as for the planned MGM Grand hotel\/casino and theme park . 
However , the maximum coupon at which the notes can be reset is 16 1\/4 % . 
For many , it began to look like a replay of Oct. 13 . 
We did n't stampede into it , we slithered and slipped down the long slope , and now we have as its quintessential symbol a former president huckstering for a foreign poohbah . 
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon-owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two-year labor pact ends today . 
But the news was even worse for Sears 's core U.S. retailing operation , the largest in the nation . 
`` Mr. Semel said absolutely nothing to indicate Warner would have any objection to our assuming management positions at Columbia , '' Mr. Guber says . 
London share prices closed sharply lower Tuesday on the back of Wall Street 's steep drop and renewed fears over U.K. economic fundamentals . 
And Genentech is n't likely to have any new products ready for market until at least 1992 , Ms. Gilbert added . 
He predicted the problem will be solved `` very soon . '' 
But such thin-slab technology is only the beginning . 
The ultimate hope is that the technique could identify diseased vessels . 
There are few factories and no mines . 
Conasupo Director Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez said the agency will sell 589 midsized supermarkets and several food-production plants and warehouses beginning early next year . 
`` If he had been found guilty , we could have stopped him . '' 
Twenty years ago , in the infancy of suburban sprawl , just a handful of dealerships were here . 
Universities can now buy a Next computer without an optical storage device for $ 4,995 . 
Until then , it 's clear that some of the people who 've been keeping big-city schools down are going to be dealing with the Terminator . 
However , for many , managing speed does not come naturally . 
She said they have `` oversimplified and made some erroneous assumptions that make their analysis completely off-base . '' 
The Bush administration , hearing conflicting advice about what its role in HDTV should be , is n't doing much for now . 
However , those premiums are usually far smaller than on zero-coupon CDs , and the simpler pricing structure of a standard CD makes it more apparent when a premium is paid . 
The Atlanta-based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . 
Also , the analyst said , economic circumstances are such that both South Africa and the Soviet Union , the principal gold and platinum producers , are being forced to continue selling the metals . 
Strong investor demand prompted it to boost the size of the issue from $ 3 billion . 
-- Lee Wakeman , vice president in charge of options research who discovered the valuation errors and was asked by senior management to straighten out the mess , resigned to take a position in asset and liability management at Continental Bank in Chicago . 
Housing starts sank 5.2 % in September to a seven-year low . 
There 's contract revenue from { limited research and development } partnerships . 
`` We 've gotten through two stock market crashes , and we 've gone through an election without any major problems , '' says David Hale , an economist of Kemper Financial Services . 
The plan will help the company in its existing joint manufacturing agreement with AT&T . 
John Uphoff , an analyst with Raymond James & Associates , said the results were n't surprising , and attributed the buy-back to management 's confidence in the Mirage 's ability to generate strong cash flow in 1990 . 
Nearby , six dolphins will frolic in a 1.5 million-gallon saltwater aquarium . 
Note that the younger couple 's portfolio has a higher expected annual return , 10.1 % vs. 8.8 % , as calculated by Seidman Financial Services , which is the financial-planning affiliate of BDO Seidman . 
Brawls between union factions still erupt at Pemex installations . 
To correct this inequality , most people would have favored an indirect tax , like the consumption tax . 
His observations were taken seriously . 
But stay tuned . 
The Tax Court recently denied business deductions by Mr. and Mrs. Peter S. Rubin of Cherry Hill , N.J. , who both were part-time distributors of Amway products in addition to their regular jobs as sales people in other fields . 
`` The price of poker has gone up , '' crows Charles M. Neinas , the College Football Association 's executive director . 
The company said Mr. McKinney plans to retire because the process of affiliating American Fletcher into Banc One `` is considered completed . '' 
Thus we have a condition that is easily described as undemocratic . 
The rivals currently are locked in a costly bidding contest for Hollywood film rights . 
Lloyd 's claims for the 1988 Piper Alpha oil-rig disaster in the North Sea , for instance , may reach $ 1 billion . 
But as much as $ 177 million , or nearly 30 % of the account , is marked for potential transfers to research , management and flight accounts that are spent out at a faster clip . 
The company also said it privately placed stock and warrants in exchange for $ 750,000 . 
Bashing the D.C. government is risk-free for members of Congress , who do not have to answer to their own constituents for it . 
Under Chapter 7 , the assets of a company are sold off to pay creditors . 
Outside the U.S. , he said , producer stocks at the end of August were 273,000 tons , down 3,000 tons from the end of July . 
`` We were unprepared for the deterioration in net exports , '' said Daniel Van Dyke , vice president of U.S. forecasting at Bank of America in San Francisco . 
Her parents lost everything in the 1906 earthquake . 
Already many foreign firms , especially banks , have their own cryptographers , conference speakers reported . 
Sales of electric appliances were flat , and sales of electronic equipment declined slightly . 
Analysts are skeptical Provigo will be able to sell the non-food businesses as a group for at least book value , and are expecting write-downs . 
The survey 's findings certainly are n't encouraging for marketers of health-club memberships , tennis rackets and home exercise equipment , but people 's good intentions , if not their actions , are keeping sales of some fitness products healthy . 
Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , is seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a-share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. , a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership . 
Today more than 470 money market funds have total assets exceeding $ 350 billion . 
It was also in law school that Mr. O'Kicki and his first wife had the first of seven daughters . 
WHO 'S NEWS : 
No reason was given in the filing for the sales . 
`` Things work out unexpectedly in life , '' said Ms. Volokh . 
The mint purchases were at premiums about 4 1\/2 cents a pound above the respective prices for the copper . 
The company has consistently earned more than a 20 % annual return on its net worth while many companies would be happy with 15 % . 
And it 's going to be done more frequently as the result of having more access to it at different places . '' 
The overall London market , following Wall Street 's early nosedive , took a late beating . 
In the neighborhoods with the highest crime rates , small business generally relies on the public police force for protection . 
`` The market has been overly harsh to them . '' 
Dayton Hudson said it accepted all odd-lot shares tendered at or below the final $ 62.875 price ; the preliminary proration factor for other shares tendered at or below the final price is 98 % . 
Westamerica Bancorp. said Richard W. Decker resigned as president and chief executive officer after only a year on the job because of `` differences '' with the board . 
There 's also , for instance , the need to be part of the in-crowd . 
( The 1989 price : $ 250,000 . ) 
To date , says Emil Jachmann , a Dictaphone vice president , it has `` broken even or shown a small loss . '' 
World-wide sales of Trident gum , Certs breath mints , and Clorets gum and breath mints , increased 12 % to $ 277 million . 
The supply of experienced civil engineers , though , is tighter . 
An American Medical spokeswoman said the Moody 's downgrading was expected because of the nature of the takeover . 
Gregory Bessemer , who came in second in the stock division of the recently completed U.S. Trading Championship , says he uses fill-or-kill orders almost exclusively when trading options . 
In two other cases , the possible consequences of the Supreme Court ruling appear even more unintended . 
Trinova closed at $ 25 , down $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Leonard Lauder , president and chief executive officer of Estee Lauder , said consumer magazines are suffering from what he called `` niche-itis , '' the increasing number of magazines that target the idosyncratic interests of readers . 
Machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the U.S. , are still more common in Japan than PCs . 
The poverty threshold , defined as three times food expenses as calculated by the Agricultural Department , last year was $ 12,092 for a family of four . 
Stretching his arms in his silky white shirt and squeaking his black shoes , he lectures a visitor about the way to sell American real estate and boasts about his friendship with Margaret Thatcher 's son . 
The company will charge $ 35 for a test and projects about $ 2 million in revenue from the test during the first 12 months of marketing , he said . 
These are not the actions of a development agency wed to central planning and to the concentration of investment decisions in the hands of government , as Mr. Roberts alleges . 
Parametric Technology Corp. , initial public offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which 1,365,226 will be offered by the company and 334,774 will be offered by holders , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. , Hambrecht & Quist Inc. and Wessels , Arnold & Henderson . 
The airline industry 's fortunes , in dazzling shape for most of the year , have taken a sudden turn for the worse in the past few weeks . 
`` I am ready at any moment to compete with a state farm . '' 
The weaknesses of Continental exchanges are driving some fund managers to switch business to stocks traded on London 's stock exchange , which quotes firm trading prices for about 350 blue-chip issues from 12 major countries . 
In addition to expected losses tied to the labor strike , the coal group has spent almost $ 20 million since the strike began for security , the company said . 
We think this is a superior deal to McCaw 's . 
Whittle said its field staff signed up the 500 schools in 238 school districts after only eight weeks and company executives now expect to reach their start-up goal of 1,000 schools before the end of this year . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Initial cost estimates for the plant , which was to have been built in phases , ranged from $ 1 billion to $ 1.2 billion . 
The spokesman said the vote at Sochaux is expected to be followed by a similar move at the company 's assembly plant at Mulhouse , where the number of strikers has been whittled down to 80 . 
`` Obviously , we are looking at making economies across the board . '' 
In other words : Get rid of all the pictures . 
`` Although it probably has reduced the level of expenditures for some purchasers , utilization management -- like most other cost containment strategies -- does n't appear to have altered the long-term rate of increase in health-care costs , '' the Institute of Medicine , an affiliate of the National Academy of Sciences , concluded after a two-year study . 
Harris Trust 's Mr. Woodland noted that the unit continues to show resilience in the face of a barrage of `` headline negatives '' in recent weeks , including rate increases in Europe and Japan , aggressive central bank intervention , a 190-point plunge in New York stock prices , an unexpectedly poor U.S. trade report and action by the Federal Reserve to nudge U.S. rates lower . 
The trend drove up the aftertax margin -- net income as a percentage of revenues -- to 21.1 % in the quarter , compared with 20.7 % a year earlier . 
General Motors Corp. 's Chevrolet division said it is offering $ 750 cash incentives on all 1990 models of its full-size Blazer and Suburban truck lines . 
The 300 and 400 series aircraft will be powered by engines jointly produced by General Electric Co. and Snecma of France . 
Japanese put up with it because the government provided job stability and growing paychecks . 
As a money manager and a grass-roots environmentalist , I was very disappointed to read in the premiere issue of Garbage that The Wall Street Journal uses 220,000 metric tons of newsprint each year , but that only 1.4 % of it comes from recycled paper . 
Mr. Schwarz also said costs associated with U.S. Trust 's planned move to midtown Manhattan from Wall Street will continue to be a drag on earnings through 1990 . 
But increasingly , people are questioning that view , and the critics include some of the country 's most successful investors . 
Leading EC growth forecasts in 1989 was Ireland , seen growing 5 % at constant prices . 
Kidder , Peabody & Co. is trying to struggle back . 
Most popular acquisition method : the leveraged buy-out . 
CALIFORNIA REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT Corp. said its directors declared a dividend of five cents per Class A common stock payable Nov. 6 to stock of record Oct. 16 . 
That would be bad news for Navigation Mixte 's current management , which was counting on Allianz to help fend off Paribas . 
The Guber-Peters side has said Warner is particularly concerned about the prospect of a huge Japanese company controlling important segments of the U.S. entertainment business . 
BankAmerica spokesmen said preliminary reports indicate the company was n't materially affected by the Tuesday earthquake . 
Goya is selling Leche Fresca in nearly 500 grocery stores and bodegas in New York and parts of New Jersey . 
Now , apparently , they do . 
They also are concerned about the persistent strength of the dollar against the yen , as a weaker yen leads to higher import prices in Japan and adds to domestic inflationary pressures . 
In the U.S. , the search for oil had been headed toward environmentally sensitive areas believed to have vast reserves . 
Still others are stung by a desire to do both well and good , says Douglas Watson , commanding officer of the Los Angeles Police Department 's bunko-forgery division . 
According to one dealer , Japan said it has only 40,000 tons of sugar remaining to be shipped to it this year by Cuba under current commitments . 
They serve the industries and the special-interest groups . 
Instead , the tests will focus heavily on new blends of gasoline , which are still undeveloped but which the petroleum industry has been touting as a solution for automobile pollution that is choking urban areas . 
The final proration factor will be announced Monday . 
The new stock baskets `` are going to make it easier for program trading to be done . 
It happened four days after he was sentenced to life in prison for ordering a 1979 murder . 
Some other fare promotions have backfired . 
`` I see it as a sewage treatment plant , '' he says . 
Mr. Icahn , who played a key role in the settlement and attempted subsequently to take control of the company , sold his stake in Texaco just last summer . 
But network access revenue dropped 4 % and toll revenue dropped 1.4 % . 
Underwriters insist these issues are constructed to withstand extremely tough economic conditions . 
`` With pleasure . 
The changes have n't come easy . 
At Pacific Telesis Group , flextime is left up to individual working groups , because some of the telephone company 's employees must be on-site during normal business hours , a spokeswoman says . 
Neither of the two chemists whose Utah experiments triggered the cold fusion uproar , Martin Fleischmann and B. Stanley Pons , were at the meeting . 
He figures Block earnings are now growing at about a 10 % annual rate ( down from about 14 % the past five years ) and will grow at an 8%-10 % rate in the future . 
The filing also said the trust is considering a sale of Manville securities in the open market ; an extraordinary dividend on the common stock ; or a recapitalization of Manville . 
The Swedish Academy in Stockholm cited the 73-year-old Cela for `` rich and intensive prose . '' 
Mr. Allen , appointed by President Reagan , grew understandably tired of dealing with the guerrilla tactics of his enemies . 
Chickens carry this bacteria , which can cause upset stomachs and , in rare cases , death among people . 
Now it 's on the fence . 
This year he bought two stores , one in Brooklyn and one in Queens . 
Another person close to the talks said , `` It is very hard to justify paying a silly price for Jaguar if an out-and-out bidding war were to start now . '' 
He says his company 's prowess at packaging and marketing `` is why we 'll be good at Columbia . 
A separate study of the extent of employee misconduct linked general job satisfaction to property loss . 
In addition , earnings growth took a back seat to cash flow , restructuring and takeover potential , and breakup value as the preferred stock-picking standards for much of the year . 
Quack . 
Fed officials injected more cash into the banking system by arranging $ 1.5 billion of repurchase agreements during the usual pre-noon intervention period . 
There 's no fire sale here . '' 
Lawyers also say an erratic stock market and uncertain financing conditions have sharply reduced the number of lucrative big deals likely to be proposed . 
Now , scholars in fulfilling their responsibility do not claim the right to invade every collection of papers that bears upon their topics of investigation . 
But lawmakers of both parties agree that the streamlining was temporary . 
Getting to and from the airport in coming weeks may be the problem , however . 
`` It 's very difficult to do , '' says Donald Holt , a market strategist for Wedbush Morgan Securities , a Los Angeles brokerage firm . 
But if defendants can prove that they met San Francisco 's stringent building codes , `` that 's probably going to protect them , '' Mr. Ruvolo says . 
Work began on homes and apartments at an annual rate of 1,263,000 units last month , down 5.2 % from August , the department said . 
`` It 's the one-upsmanship of name-dropping that counts . '' 
Hubert Pedroli , managing director of foreign exchange at Credit Suisse in New York , adds , `` The market sees this as the last piece of good news . '' 
`` We believe that there have continued to be indications of exchange-rate ` manipulation ' '' during the past six months , it said , citing the lack of market forces in South Korea 's exchange-rate system and the use of capital and interest-rate controls to manipulate exchange rates . 
It 's easy to get something comparable by simply moving to a higher altitude in the U.S. . 
The distributor is R.R. Bowker , New York . 
`` This is a democratic process -- you ca n't slam-dunk anything around here . '' 
Analysts say Digital can expect this pent-up demand for the new VAX to fuel strong sales next year . 
His daughter turns to dressmaking , then to peddling herself for a few piasters . 
`` We 're in environments that are going to spend a lot of money on that . '' 
Yields on small-denomination certificates of deposit fell at about half the rate of so-called jumbo CDs this week , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here . 
Ultimately , that carefully picked jury deadlocked with a 10-2 vote to acquit , and the prosecution decided not to retry the case . 
Mr. Bond blamed rising Australian interest rates and the acquisition of Bell Group `` with its very high levels of shortterm debt '' for producing a condition `` that was no longer sustainable . 
Poverty is only two blocks from President Bush 's residence . 
Another longtime ally , Phil Bakes , currently heads Eastern , now in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings . 
Analysts believe the car makers also will create joint ventures to develop new executive models , doubling Jaguar 's yearly output of 50,000 cars . 
`` There is a lot of attention paid to housing as a form of household wealth , '' says Edward N. Wolff , professor of economics at New York University . 
He considered himself intellectually superior to his Peruvian peers , many of whom were wayward sons sent by their well-off families to the highly disciplined , French-modeled academy as a sort of reform school . 
He will succeed Joel Chaseman , who will remain a vice president of the company and continue to represent Post-Newsweek stations in several industry organizations , the company said . 
Estee Lauder Inc. , Revlon Inc. and other cosmetics houses traditionally have considered themselves fashion enterprises whose product development is guided by the creative intuition of their executives . 
`` I 've done over 40 ad agency searches { for clients } , so I have a pretty good notion of what clients are interested in when they look for an agency , '' Mr. Achenbaum said . 
Mr. Bush had threatened a veto previously . 
The battle focuses on the state 's certificate-of-need law , which regulates investment in new medical technology . 
Each 5,000 mark bond carries one warrant and one certificate for four warrants , exercisable from Dec. 18 , 1989 , to Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % above the closing share price when prices are fixed Oct. 30 . 
A figure above 50 indicates the economy is likely to expand ; one below 50 indicates a contraction may be ahead . 
The economic ideas in the document are much bolder than current policies . 
It 's one more for the baseball-loving lawyers , accountants and real estate developers who ponied up about $ 1 million each for the chance to be an owner , to step into the shoes of a Gene Autry or have a beer with Rollie Fingers . 
Legislators are talking about temporary rises in sales or gasoline taxes , although Gov. Deukmejian says they should be a last resort . 
Moreover , surely someone has noticed that household refrigerators are closed systems , running for many years without either the CFC gas or the insulation ever escaping . 
Imagine a widow who wants to maintain her standard of living at the same level she had before she had to pay the catastrophic surtax . 
In that case , a group of left-leaning sociologists interviewed 252 registered voters around Harrisburg . 
Control Data said it expects its first RISC-based mainframe machine to be introduced next year . 
After the earthquake two weeks ago , brokers say companies scrambled to replace reinsurance coverages again and Lloyd 's syndicates turned to the London market excess lines for protection of their own . 
But starting in early September , the index started to slide and now stands about even with the S&P 500 . 
In a statement , the company said : `` Both parts can only realize their full potential and be appropriately valued by the market if they are separately quoted companies . 
The Federal Highway Administration has an emergency relief program to help states and local governments repair federally funded highways and bridges seriously damaged by natural disasters . 
In an official release , BP said initial production from the field was 11,000 barrels a day , and that it expects peak output from the field of 15,000 barrels a day to be reached in 1990 . 
And unlike IBM 's water-cooled mainframes , it does n't need any plumbing . 
Warner-Lambert shares closed at $ 109.50 a share , up $ 1.50 , in Big Board composite trading yesterday . 
Meanwhile , competition from rivals unencumbered by history is intensifying . 
Tendered shares not purchased will be returned to holders . 
Officials said 91 companies from 14 countries , including the U.S. , had displays , down from about 260 firms from more than 20 countries at the last show in 
The $ 11,775,000 of term bonds due 2006 and the $ 13,865,000 of term bonds due 2009 are n't being formally reoffered . 
Institut Merieux , which already holds a 12.5 % stake in Connaught , said that at the close of business Thursday , 5,745,188 shares of Connaught and C$ 44.3 million face amount of debentures , convertible into 1,826,596 common shares , had been tendered to its offer . 
Finally , under the bill , a number of legitimate , longstanding business practices would be arbitrarily banned , unless the CFTC were to take specific and timely action to permit them to continue . 
`` La Familia de Hoy , '' or `` Today 's Family , '' will debut this spring and will combine a national bimonthly magazine and TV programming . 
-- If the stock stays at the same price between now and the put 's expiration date , the investor 's loss will be limited to the cost of the put , less any amount realized from a closing sale of the put . 
A resistance government would walk into Kabul . 
Great Northern Nekoosa reacted coolly to Georgia-Pacific 's takeover bid of $ 58 a share , or $ 3.19 billion , though the suitor said all terms are negotiable . 
The Canadian government auctioned 750 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 637.5 million ) of 9.25 % bonds due Dec. 15 , 1994 . 
Indeed , the U.S. unit edged lower as the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped about 13 points in early trading . 
It also would leave Eastern a bigger carrier than the scaled-down one proposed under the initial plan . 
`` It 's all anybody wants to talk about , '' says Richard Posner , executive vice president for Credit Exchange Inc. , a leading credit service . 
The Continental catch : Only immediate family members are allowed , and they must have the same last name as the buyer of the ticket or legal proof they 're related . 
Eastern said it is ahead of schedule in resuming its operations after filing earlier this year for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , from which it expects to emerge early next year . 
Last year , earnings of the combined companies did n't cover debt service and Pinkerton 's was forced to borrow $ 20 million of subordinated debt . 
Sun , a maker of computer workstations , reported sales of $ 538.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 29 , up 39 % from $ 388.5 million a year earlier . 
But the strong pitch by Mr. Cheney may be too little too late to prevent damage to SDI . 
Result : a landscape littered with lemons , huge debt burdens crushing down upon the arch and spans of corporate America . 
It has been waging an all-out campaign to beat back a proposal , pushed by Utah bike groups , to allow the cycles in federally designated wilderness areas , where they are now prohibited . 
Known as Easy Eggs , the product has disappointed investors . 
And Mr. Straszheim conceded after a recent drop in manufacturing jobs that `` it may prove to be the case that we got whipsawed -- that we pulled the recession forecast at just the wrong time . '' 
( Ms. Bartlett would not discuss her garden for this article . ) 
The two sides were scheduled to meet with the mediator this morning . 
Matthew Lesko , something of a professional defender of government , thought he had a sure-fire winner last summer when he offered $ 5,000 for the best `` verifiable story of 250 words or less about how a government bureaucrat helped you . '' 
Comments by Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan lent some support to the dollar , but the U.S. unit ended yesterday lower against most major currencies . 
This conjures up images of a nation full of trim , muscular folks , and suggests couch potatoes are out of season . 
The Editor 
Mr. Wolf owns 75,000 UAL shares and has options to buy another 250,000 at $ 83.3125 each . 
But they are stalwart socialists . 
A Bank of New York spokesman in Manhattan , Owen Brady , said , `` That 's the maximum , outside figure . 
For every brand like Renault or Fiat that has been squeezed out , others such as Isuzu , Daihatsu and Mitsubishi have come in . 
But so-called outer month contracts finished higher . 
U.S. brandy exports more than doubled last year to 360,000 proof gallons , a standard industry measure , according to Jobson Beverage Alcohol Group , an industry association . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. , fretting about increasing competitive pressure on Ryder , placed about $ 2.8 billion in company securities under review for possible downgrade . 
Mr. Steinhardt , who runs about $ 1.7 billion for Steinhardt Partners , made his name as a gunslinging trader , moving in and out of stocks with agility -- enriching himself and his investment clients . 
`` Readers do n't want to face all those ad pages at the front of a magazine , '' he said . 
Mr. Bauman received an encouraging letter from the recognized master of scandal survival , Richard Nixon . 
StatesWest owns 7.25 % of Mesa . 
`` We must find ways to save money for the futures commission merchants who do business on our exchanges . '' 
Business : Airline 
In recent days , traders say USAir has been buying its own shares , as part of a program to retire about eight million USAir shares , though the carrier wo n't discuss its buy-back program . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered . 
He wants to recover more than just his property , though . 
Lack of important , needed information can cause fear . 
Intelligence officials to this day worry whether Mr. Noriega sold sensitive information on the recordings to the Cubans or others . 
In the SEC filing , the Kass-Pedone group said it intends to acquire additional H.H. Robertson shares `` with a view towards a possible change in control of the company . '' 
After years of wild swings , oil prices over the last 12 months have settled at around $ 15 to $ 20 a barrel . 
Its attendance is off 23 % from six years ago . 
B.A.T said it may make more equity purchases until the close of business today , depending on market conditions , but will cease further purchases until Nov. 22 , when it releases third-quarter results . 
Net income jumped 21 % to 79.03 billion yen from 65.53 billion yen . 
And even some pro-union pilots say his charisma and popularity among the many former military fliers could be tough to beat . 
Surely , the past suffering of any people at any time can not be simply filed away and forgotten . 
This put Mrs. Thatcher in a bind . 
Only 14,505 wells , including 4,900 dry holes , were drilled for oil and natural gas in the U.S. in the first nine months of the year , down 22.4 % from the like 1988 period . 
Not everyone has jumped on the Breeden bandwagon , however . 
Ms. Malcolm , for example , wrote that Mr. Masson described himself as `` the greatest analyst who ever lived . '' 
Mr. Pearce set up GM 's first in-house litigation group in May with four lawyers , all former assistant U.S. attorneys with extensive trial experience . 
Democracy is making a return with a vengeance to Latin America 's most populous and deeply indebted country . 
The results include a $ 130.2 million write-down of the securities in the high-yield portfolio to the lower of their cost or market value . 
`` Japan has been a major importer of foreign information and news , '' says Mr. Shioya . 
But , he added , interest-rate-sensitive stocks in general are stalled . 
Friday 's volume on the First Section was estimated at one billion shares , up from 862 million Thursday . 
Last year , venture capitalists spent an estimated $ 600 million to finance start-up companies in medical and biotechnology businesses , according to the National Venture Capital Association , a trade group . 
But the scope of Seagram 's Chivas promotion sets it apart . 
Departing from decades of Soviet dogma , the new system would lead to big differences in pay between workers and almost certainly to unemployment . 
Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas says it has n't had any problem recruiting , even after a nurse contracted the virus while injecting an AIDS patient . 
ECI Environmental Inc. , initial offering of 1.1 million shares , of which ECI will sell 990,000 and co-founders will sell 110,000 shares , via Oppenheimer & Co . 
CBS News , which as recently as two years ago fired hundreds of its employees in budget cutbacks , now hires featured actors beginning at $ 2,700 a week . 
Miller Brewing Co. will introduce its first non-alcoholic beer Jan. 1 . 
She ordered the foyer done in a different plaid planting , and made the landscape architects study a book on tartans . 
Pennsylvania State Employees Retirement System , for example , has about $ 130 million invested in a fund of 244 companies that are either Pennsylvania-based or have 25 % of their work forces in the state . 
David Owen , an economist at Kleinwort Benson & Co. in London , said he expects further cuts in short-term U.S. rates in an effort to encourage a narrowing of the trade gap and to ensure a soft landing in the U.S. economy . 
`` We 're settling down to a less active period . '' 
Karen Fine Coburn Publisher Global Environmental Change Report Arlington , Mass . 
The FDA requested the recall of Quantum 's mioxidil tablets , chlorazepate dipotassium tablets and meclofenamate sodium capsules because , it said , the size of the production runs submitted for testing to gain FDA approval was in each case misrepresented as much larger than it actually was . 
`` All the positive figures on the economy are out already , and people are focusing more on the dangers for next year , mostly the wage talks and the { parliamentary } elections , '' the U.S. trader said . 
Morgan Guaranty Trust , Toronto-Dominion Bank and Provident National Bank , an affiliate of PNC Financial Corp. , jointly committed $ 1.2 billion of financing , subject to certain conditions , McCaw said . 
Sponsors are naturally counting on their ability to keep ahead of tuition inflation with investment returns . 
After completing the sale and paying debts , the trust and corporation will consider a number of options including a stock repurchase , payment of special dividend or investment in more gaming properties . 
The campaign replaces its `` Take Comfort in Cotton '' ads and marks the end of its national cooperative advertising efforts . 
`` We are dealing with real entrepreneurs , '' says Antoni Leopold , an economist who advises Rural Solidarity , the union 's countryside offshoot . 
`` Whatever capital it ( Sansui ) needs so it can compete and become a totally global entity capable of competing with the best in the world , that capital will be injected , '' Mr. Nadir said . 
Tartan currently produces gold at a cash operating cost of $ 393 an ounce , which is high by industry standards and $ 25 or so above the current spot price . 
Because it 's impossible to gauge how long the walkout by 55,000 Machinists rank and file will last , the precise impact on Boeing 's sales , earnings , cash flow and short-term investment position could n't be determined . 
B & H Crude Carriers Ltd. -- Four million common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc . 
The board would n't comment on its impending search for a new ad agency to handle its estimated $ 5 million to $ 6 million account . 
Indeed , analysts have said that the absence of new products , among other factors , has limited sales growth throughout the industry . 
The glitzy office that Ivan Boesky vacated for a prison cell had previously contained commodity operators Marc Rich and `` Pinky '' Green , today fugitives from a potential century apiece of jail sentences . 
RJR 's executives have said they will dispense with certain brands , in particular , that are n't leaders in their markets . 
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese-backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen . 
Per-share earnings also shrank because of dividends on a new series of preferred stock . 
A Beatrice spokesman did n't return calls seeking comment . 
The Russians are talking peace . 
He talked about it in every speech he made as he roamed the country promoting his books , which dispense handy how-to advice on using government information for fun and profit . 
Municipal Issues 
For the third quarter , Warner 's $ 106 million loss compared with a year-ago loss of $ 113 million , or 90 cents a share . 
The women indicated which family member usually did various household chores and the approximate share each did . 
It 's a matter of being close to those suppliers ; many of those companies do n't know us as well as they should . '' 
Also , debt holders would be offered an equity position in Leaseway , which in total would represent a controlling interest in the company . 
`` But people do n't buy anything on expectation anymore , '' says Jack Utter , who manages the high-yield fund of IDS Financial Services . 
About 8,000 National Union of Mineworkers members resumed their strike against De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. after further negotiations to settle a wage dispute broke down . 
Eastman Kodak Co. of Rochester , N.Y. , said its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups , one for household products such as cleaners and disinfectants and the other for do-it-yourself products such as wood finishes and stains . 
The Fed did , in fact , execute $ 1.5 billion of liquidity-enhancing customer repurchase agreements , the third set of repurchase orders in three days . 
Big franchise groups `` can ride out the storm a lot longer , '' says Mr. Harty , the Burger King operator in New York . 
Yesterday , four days after an unusual parliamentary defeat for the ruling party , Mr. Gandhi called elections for the lower house of Parliament on Nov. 22 and 24 . 
One recruiter working with Mr. Meyer was so generous with $ 10 and $ 20 bills that prospects sang `` Here Comes Santa Claus '' when he approached . 
Both Coors and Stroh have recently been ceding market share to Miller and Anheuser . 
Azem Vlasi and 14 others are accused of inciting riots and strikes and opposing constitutional limits to Kosovo 's autonomy . 
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
Continental Airlines is a unit of Texas Air Corp. , Houston . 
Levi Strauss Associates Inc. , the closely held owner of Levi Strauss & Co. , said its fiscal third-quarter earnings jumped to $ 128.6 million from $ 31.3 million a year earlier , aided by a $ 69.8 million gain from the sale of stock in a Japanese subsidiary . 
The Soviet Union 's jobless rate is soaring to 27 % in some areas , Pravda said . 
BellSouth 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Corning closed at $ 38.50 , down 75 cents . 
Analysts continued to speculate late last week that Ford may try to force the issue by calling for a special shareholder 's meeting and urging that the government and Jaguar holders remove the barriers to a full bidding contest before December 1990 . 
Mr. Langton is among the legions of bikers who got their first taste of wilderness as hikers or backpackers . 
Then the short-term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets . 
But I am sure we need to maximize our `` earthquake '' protection by making certain that our market structures let investors add their mighty shock-damping power to our nation 's markets . 
Jeff Bridges is the younger brother , Jack , who fancies himself the rebellious artist ; he lives in a loft with his sick dog and the occasional visit from the little girl upstairs , who climbs down the fire escape . 
Like just about everything else , that remains to be seen . 
To many , it was a ceremony more befitting a king than a rural judge seated in the isolated foothills of the southern Allegheny Mountains . 
While a buildup of these stocks adds to GNP , it can hurt the economy because a pileup of unsold goods can lead to production cuts and layoffs . 
For this , a crane needed to be mounted on the Postels ' terrace . 
In addition to increasing costs as a result of greater financial exposure for members , these measures could have other , far-reaching repercussions . 
It will be Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major 's first appearance before the opposition Labor Party . 
The debt ceiling is scheduled to fall to $ 2.8 trillion from $ 2.87 trillion at midnight tonight . 
Yesterday 's 88-point recovery from Friday 's megadrop in the Dow Jones industrials had many brokerage houses proclaiming that stocks are a good bargain again . 
He said Gulf Canada will likely report an extraordinary gain from the sale in the fourth quarter , but he would n't offer a specific estimate . 
Spain 's Socialist Party claimed victory in nationwide elections , saying it had retained its parliamentary majority by one seat . 
`` It depends on what happens . 
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do . 
The strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff would construct the most effective defense program for each scenario , maximizing strengths and minimizing weaknesses . 
Developing an executive-model range would mark a major departure for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker . 
The expected amount is said to be 700 billion yen ( $ 4.93 billion ) to 1.05 trillion yen -- the second largest amount this year in a given period , following the record high set at the end of July , according to market observers . 
One chemist privately suggested this hinted that some `` anomalous '' chemical reactions might be producing the heat . 
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per-capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore . 
Nobody should have to live in such poor conditions as in `` Sugar Ditch , '' but when you travel to Washington , Boston , Chicago or New York , the same problems exist . 
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University . 
Some find no harm in the misdemeanors of trespass , minor property destruction , blocking traffic and the like . 
One senior vice president at Bechtel said he got up at 3 a.m. to drive into San Francisco from the East Bay . 
But Nissan expects to earn only 120 billion yen in the current fiscal year , a modest increase of 4.7 % . 
Pacific Telesis said new telephone lines increased 4.5 % for a total of about $ 13.5 million for the quarter ; toll calls increased 9.6 % to 807 million and minutes of telephone usage increased to 9.9 billion . 
It is on behalf of these people , and out of my real respect for them , that I am responding to Mr. Asman 's opinions of their country . 
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage-securities trust it created for Japanese investors . 
Dealers said the initial pressure came from mildly disappointing U.K. trade figures for September and a worrisome report by the Confederation of British Industry that a decline in orders for manufactured goods is depressing both business optimism and investment plans for the coming year . 
Analysts expect the company to show profit of about 225 million guilders , up 9 % from 206.3 million guilders a year earlier . 
Those days are over now , he believes . 
In addition , 20 military police from the Presidio , a military base in San Francisco , are assisting with traffic control , and a Navy ship was moved from a naval station at Treasure Island near the Bay Bridge to San Francisco to help fight fires . 
`` The interpretation '' of the executive order , Mr. Stoltz said , `` and the way in which the various committees have over time interpreted it , has led in my view to a proper caution on the part of operators , including me . '' 
John B. Curcio , 55 years old , resigned as chairman of this diesel truck manufacturer , effective upon appointment of a successor . 
The company said in a statement that it expects to ship new products `` during the next two quarters . '' 
The main reason : salmonella . 
`` The Commerce Department says go , and the Defense Department says stop , '' complains one machine tool producer . 
Some analysts at least are buying that argument , and were n't alarmed by the losses . 
This has increased the risk of the government being forced to increase base rates to 16 % from their current 15 % level to defend the pound , economists and foreign exchange market analysts say . 
The first real test of whether prices have hit bottom may come in the next several weeks , when the new prices become effective . 
Dubbed the `` Dire Emergency Supplemental to Meet the Needs of Natural Disasters of National Significance , '' the measure is vintage Whitten in asserting federal responsibility and in disdaining budget impediments . 
Some observers thought that after Friday 's sharp drop , the firms would rein in their program traders to avoid stoking more controversy . 
Dunkin ' Donuts Inc. , battling a takeover proposal by Canada 's DD Acquisition Corp. , said that its directors will evaluate takeover offers submitted by Nov. 10 . 
At least , it would not have happened without the support of monetary policy that provided for a 10-fold increase in the money supply during the same period . 
These procedures consume millions of man-hours of labor and produce tons of paper , and each year , their end product -- the Five Year Defense Plan -- promptly melts away . 
Dedication runs high . 
Slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles are forcing Chrysler Corp. to temporarily idle its Toledo , Ohio , assembly plant for the first time since April 1986 . 
Meanwhile , Lockheed Corp. priced a $ 300 million note offering to yield 9.39 % . 
It 's not that we do n't know how to , because we do . 
`` A woman ought to have a choice in cases where her life or health are in danger and in cases of rape or incest , '' she proclaims . 
Systemwide sales , which include sales at franchisee as well as company-owned stores , totaled $ 4.59 billion compared with $ 4.2 billion . 
Treasury-bond prices immediately rallied , setting the stock market rolling from the opening bell . 
Also yesterday , Ashok Patel , a former Par official who pleaded guilty to providing an FDA employee an illegal gratuity of $ 3,000 , was sentenced by a federal judge in Baltimore to one year of community service and a $ 150,000 fine . 
A couple in Rockford , Ill. , raised $ 12,591 earlier this year using the name and logo of Mothers Against Drunk Driving , without permission from the group . 
`` I do n't think he has a clear sense of where he wants the company to go , '' one says . 
The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- buying advertising , public relations and design all in one place , or `` Ogilvy Orchestration '' in Ogilvyspeak -- a reality . 
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally . 
Under its revised fleet plan , PWA said it will also increase its existing fleet of eight Boeing 767-300ER aircraft to 18 by 1994 , and add four more Boeing 747-400s by 1994 to the two units that it previously planned to add by next year . 
Michael Alexander , a senior editor at Computerworld , a trade publication , said he was told that the worm gets into a computer center by looking for obvious passwords -- such as ones that are the same as the user 's name . 
Many economists see even slower GNP growth for the remainder of the year , with some leaning more strongly toward a possible recession . 
These utopians caused the deaths -- by starvation , disease or execution -- of well over one million Cambodians . 
But South Korean auto makers are confident that the export market will bounce back and that demand in Korea will stay strong . 
Dow Jones is the publisher of The Wall Street Journal . 
Institutional buyers were the main force pushing blue chips higher . 
A genuine market for labor and wages would replace the present rigid , centralized system . 
Lep Group and affiliates currently control 3,513,072 Profit Systems common shares , or 62.42 % , the filing said . 
It could be a long wait , say some industry observers . 
Consider Adopting Your Spouse 's Name 
He said there is `` no valid investment reason '' for stock-index futures to exist . 
In fighting USAir , Mr. Steinhardt was pitted against another investor , billionnaire Warren Buffett , who bought into USAir to help fend off Mr. Steinhardt . 
A den mother raising some lovable teen models . 
Those teams of young fund-raisers selling flowers , peanuts or begging outright at traffic intersections brought in somewhere near $ 20 million a year during the mid-to-late 1970s , but those revenues were a pittance compared to the costs of Mr. Moon 's lavish international conferences , speaking tours , and assorted land buys . 
In addition , as of Sept. 30 , the company still had authorization to buy $ 368 million of stock under a prior repurchase program . 
When the swaying of the building woke me up , I reasoned that a ) I was in Southern California ; b ) the bed was moving ; c ) it must be a Magic Fingers bed that had short-circuited . 
Power failures kept just seven of its 1,500 automated-teller machines off-line . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Webster shares fell 25 cents to $ 12.375 . 
November gasoline slipped slightly . 
Oils and fats also did well , posting a 5.3 % sales increase . 
Some have bought big chunks of Strip property for what may turn into another wave of building . 
Mr. Hastings faced the senators and sat impassively during the first two roll-call votes , then quickly left the chamber . 
The dollar and bond prices also closed higher . 
Moody 's changes affected the following issues : 
But by the third quarter of 1988 , Scorpios had a high satisfaction rating in internal Ford studies , a spokesman said . 
Some people had hoped ABC 's ratings would go up because of the intense focus on the event in the aftermath of the earthquake . 
The judge wrote again . 
Next spring , nearly 30 % of its suits will have pleated pants , compared with virtually none a couple of years ago . 
Her goal : to top 300 ad pages in 1990 , up from about 274 this year . 
Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. posted a loss for fiscal 1989 of 980.2 million Australian dollars ( US$ 762.4 million ) , the largest in Australian corporate history . 
One can not imagine how you live when you live those double and triple lives . '' 
First Interstate stock closed at $ 57.625 , down 25 cents , in composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange . 
The first thing anybody will tell you about ballooning is that it requires zip in the way of athletic prowess , or even a measure of derring-do . 
Eager engineers espouse direct-steelmaking and direct casting , which by the end of the 1990s will enable production without coke ovens and blast furnaces . 
`` What did we get out of it ? 
World-wide consumer product sales declined 12 % , primarily because of the European cosmetics sale . 
In the new guidelines , the Justice Department says that in attempting to freeze disputed assets before trial , `` the government will not seek to disrupt the normal , legitimate business activities of the defendant '' and `` will not seek ... to take from third parties assets legitimately transferred to them . '' 
It was a profoundly moving moment for series television , and Robert Loggia 's acting resonated in the silence . 
It is Texaco 's first major acquisition since the legal battle with Pennzoil began over four years ago . 
Mr. Mark attributed the earnings growth to strong sales in Latin America , Asia and Europe . 
Egg-industry lobbying helped persuade six states to ban Mr. Maynard 's automatic egg-breaking machine because of fears over salmonella . 
The family 's long absence is understandable . 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
She was interested only if she could guide it editorially as well . 
Ortega had threatened to end a 19-month-old ceasefire . 
As it bids for new agreements , new loans and indeed admission to the civilized world , the Soviet government has recognized it has a credibility problem . 
( Jaguar 's ADRs make the company one of the most widely held United Kingdom stocks in the U.S. , with more than one-fourth of its shares owned there . ) 
Rockwell International Corp. 's Tulsa unit said it signed a tentative agreement extending its contract with Boeing Co. to provide structural parts for Boeing 's 747 jetliners . 
The White Sands missile range and CIA contractor Mitre Inc. were among the targets . 
At a recent White House meeting , Rep. Silvio Conte ( R. , Mass. ) , the ranking minority member of the House Appropriations Committee , argued with his friend Mr. Bush against a veto , and though Mr. Conte and Minority Leader Robert Michel of Illinois stood with the president yesterday , they are plainly uncomfortable with his position . 
Also slowing growth in the U.S. were lackluster results for P&G 's cooking oils , which had a strong year-earlier first quarter . 
One cell was teased out , and its DNA extracted . 
`` I 'm probably not going to vote for any capital-gains proposal . 
Red tape is the bugaboo of small business . 
Mr. Volk , 55 years old , succeeds Duncan Dwight , who retired in September . 
The action abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts to fund the payments , but is widely seen as a more realistic means of expediting reparations first authorized in 1988 . 
`` We 've had whopping declines in consumer energy prices in each of the past three months , and at the wholesale level those are fully behind us now , '' said Jay Woodworth , chief domestic economist at Bankers Trust Co. in New York . 
It also could put the government into the RU-486 business , which would please feminists dismayed at what they view as pusillanimity in the private-sector drug industry . 
Still , Milton Hudson , senior economic adviser at Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. in New York , said : `` If you look back a half-year or so the evidence was pretty good of affirmative strength in the capital-goods sector . 
When the jolt is timed just right , the subjects do n't recall seeing the first group of letters . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
West Germany 's cost-of-living index rose a preliminary 0.3 % in October from September and was up 3.3 % from a year earlier , the Federal Statistics Office in Wiesbaden said . 
No human can examine millions of moves , but Mr. Kasparov , using his ineffably powerful brain , consistently found very good ones . 
Investor Asher Edelman increased his stake in Intelogic Trace Inc. and cleared the way for additional purchases . 
Michael Eskridge , president of CNBC , said that although there will be a studio audience , viewers will no longer have to endure the shouting of `` Mort ! Mort ! Mort ! '' 
But despite more than two years of research showing AZT can relieve dementia and other symptoms in children , the drug still lacks federal approval for use in the youngest patients . 
Next month , Seagate Technology , which is the dominant supplier of hard-disk drives for personal computers , plans to introduce its first family of low-power drives for battery-operated computers . 
NASA awarded the contract to CSC in November but an appeal by Sterling Software Inc. of Dallas sent the contract to the General Services Administration Board of Contract Appeals and the board required NASA to re-evaluate bidders ' proposals . 
Even while they move outside their traditional tony circle , racehorse owners still try to capitalize on the elan of the sport . 
Which cars do Americans favor most these days ? 
By making clever inferences about how the squashed and distorted fossil remains corresponded to three-dimensional structures , this trio was able to piece together a series of wondrous beasties quite unlike anything currently on the planet . 
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects . 
On military alternatives if the U.S. pulls back : `` The Soviets already are present . 
The company , based in San Francisco , said it had to shut down a crude-oil pipeline in the Bay area to check for leaks but added that its refinery in nearby Richmond , Calif. , was undamaged . 
`` This decision will have a very considerable impact , '' said Kenneth Abraham , professor of environmental law and insurance law at the University of Virginia , because many commercial insurance policies are issued by companies based in New York . 
Prosecutors have told Mr. Antar 's attorneys that they believe Mr. Antar 's allegedly ill-gotten gains are so great that any money he has used to pay attorneys derives from illegal activities . 
`` I could get AZT , '' says Mrs. Glaser , who bears her infection without any symptoms . 
As a result , many youngsters have been unable to obtain the drug and , for the few exceptions , insurance carriers wo n't cover its cost of $ 6,400 a year . 
We think that the ratings revision is unfortunate but not unexpected . 
No amount of hype will bring viewers back if the shows are weak . 
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , Comprehensive Care shares plunged $ 3.625 to close at $ 4.75 on volume of 1,177,000 shares . 
Mr. Kriz of Moody 's said the problems in the securities portfolio stem largely from positions taken last year . 
The company said the gains were tied to volume increases and higher prices . 
The nations of southern Africa know a lot about managing elephants ; their herds are thriving . 
But any lawyer will select the facts and the strategy to employ . 
Mr. Hammack is eager to know what Aetna will pay for the house , which has to come down . 
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Diesel Kiki Co . ( Japan ) -- 
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run . 
Macmillan said Berlitz intends to pay quarterly dividends on the stock . 
One of GE 's goals when it bought 80 % of Kidder in 1986 was to take advantage of `` syngeries '' between Kidder and General Electric Capital Corp. , GE 's corporate-finance unit , which has $ 42 billion in assets . 
They said they hoped to conduct tests on human patients in the U.S. by late next year . 
`` This is dangerous and misrepresents Abbie 's life , '' says Ms. Lawrenson , who has had an advance look at the 36-page script . 
The government said it would streamline its enormous and often-criticized food marketing and distribution network , Compania Nacional de Subsistencias Populares , or Conasupo . 
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount . 
Rohm & Haas , which plans to start operating seven new production units this year , attributed the profit slide partly to higher start-up expense . 
`` The extent of the claims wo n't be known for some time , '' Mr. Leach said . 
While no agencies reported injuries to employees , the quake damaged the offices of J. Walter Thompson , Chiat\/Day\/Mojo and DDB Needham , among others , spokesmen for those agencies said . 
It is widely expected that they will . 
Said Earl Ellis , a Jacobson partner who got involved in the UAL action , `` It all starts all over again '' today . 
The guidelines could foil future arrangements similar to the deal behind Lithox Inc. , a Salem , Mass. , start-up , says Robert Daly , a managing partner of TA Associates , a venture-capital firm . 
`` We did n't take part in a lot of deals because their credit quality was poor , '' says a bank spokesman . 
Since the budget measures cash flow , a new $ 1 direct loan is treated as a $ 1 expenditure , even though at least part of the loan will be paid back . 
According to Lawrence Eckenfelder , a securities industry analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , `` Kemper is the first firm to make a major statement with program trading . '' 
Because in the end , these people always wind up asking themselves the same question : `` How could I be so stupid ? '' 
Miami Lakes , Fla . 
Paul Padget 
Brokers agreed with the two-tier price theory . 
Many of the 31,329 investors who remain are beginning to question one of the exchange 's most basic tenets , the concept of unlimited personal liability . 
Directed Technologies received a $ 28.3 million Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency contract for advanced propulsion systems research . 
But the new commercials deal with it indirectly by showing a woman smiling as she tries to get up from a fall . 
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario . 
It announced a 52 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year . 
Pulp and paper performance depends on cost and price variables , the company said . 
The suit says the company failed to disclose material adverse information about its financial condition . 
It takes one person 's account and gives it authenticity . '' 
Shelley M. Zeiger , an entrepreneur from New Jersey who buys Soviet porcelain and `` matryoshka '' nesting dolls for export to the U.S. , says West German companies already have snapped up much of the production of these items . 
The agreement also calls for General Electric Pension , a unit of General Electric Co. , to receive as much as 10 % of Color Systems ' fully diluted common stock , depending on the proceeds from the sale of the AEI Film Library and its receivables . 
`` The croaker 's done gone from the hook -- 
I believe any physician who truly cares about cancer patients , both today and tomorrow , should offer the hope of something better than that . 
The appeals court , however , said the judge did n't adequately consider whether the delay would actually hurt the chances of a fair trial . 
The filing said Petrie Stores of Secaucus , N.J. , is purchasing Mr. Petrie 's Deb Shops stake as an investment . 
They will have to throw their hat in the ring . '' 
Though she opposes abortion in almost all cases , she airs a TV commercial using pro-choice buzzwords . 
Humility Helper 
Meanwhile , Mr. Paul and CenTrust executives are getting squeamish about opulence . 
Mr. Trotter 's painting showed a wall of wood boards with painted ribbons tacked down in a rectangle ; tucked behind the ribbons were envelopes , folded , faded and crumpled papers and currency . 
Rubbermaid Inc. , reflecting strong earnings growth , boosted its quarterly dividend 18 % , to 13 cents a share from 11 cents . 
Michael F. Harris , 53 , was named executive vice president , North America , for the Financial Times , the business newspaper published by this company that also has interests in book publishing , fine china , oil services and investment banking . 
It came to light that a substantial number of Rockefeller 's faculty were upset over or even opposed to Dr. Baltimore 's impending appointment . 
Even before British Air 's announcement , pilot union leaders had been meeting in Chicago yesterday to consider their options . 
For the year ended July 2 , Rally had net income of $ 2.4 million , or 34 cents a share , on revenue of $ 52.9 million . 
British government bonds ended little changed as investors awaited an economic policy address last night by Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson . 
In August , personal income rose 0.3 % and spending grew 0.9 % . 
Widely expected to open 10 to 15 cents a barrel higher on the strength of statistics from the American Petroleum Institute , the December contract managed to start the session only eight cents higher . 
a - Includes a one-time gain of $ 88.7 million from a commonstock sale by U S West 's U S West New Vector Group . 
Living in Hong Kong , he says , made him sensitive to the limits on food , power and water supplies . 
During his years in Chiriqui , however , Mr. Noriega also revealed himself as an officer as perverse as he was ingenious . 
Dow would earn $ 14.85 a share for the year if it equaled that year-ago fourth-quarter performance . 
Mr. Titus is a researcher at the Justice Department 's National Institute of Justice . 
Investors interpreted the KKR move as a desire by the firm to wash its hands of SCI TV . 
He also denounced Moscow 's nine-year involvement in the war in Afghanistan , saying it involved `` gross violations of ... civil norms and ethics . '' 
The stock closed down $ 8.375 , at $ 170 , after plunging $ 33 , to $ 145 . 
In my opinion , this is not true . 
At the time the plan was announced , there were 135 lawyers . 
One thing about the Bartlett plan was never in doubt : It would demand the full-time skills of a battalion of topiary barbers , rosarians , orchardists and arborists . 
The preferred shares will carry a floating annual dividend equal to 72 % of the 30-day bankers ' acceptance rate until Dec. 31 , 1994 . 
In the aftermath of the California earthquake , President Bush and his aides flew into a whirlwind of earthquake-related activity yesterday morning . 
The consensus calls for a 0.5 % increase in September personal income and a 0.3 % gain in consumption . 
Robert Delaney , a consultant at Arthur D. Little Inc. , Cambridge , Mass. , said `` We 've gotten all the benefits of deregulation in freight-cost reductions . 
So owners have developed a `` code of ethics , '' outlining rules for consultants and agents , and disclosure of fees and any conflicts of interest . 
Separately , Innopac reported a fourth-quarter loss of about C$ 2.6 million , or 18 Canadian cents a share , reflecting inventory write-downs . 
Mr. Carrion said the merger should be completed in six to nine months . 
The Hart-Scott filing is then reviewed and any antitrust concerns usually met . 
Pilot union advisers appeared confident that a new bid could go forward even without British Air 's participation . 
In the third quarter , the company , which is 61%-owned by Murphy Oil Corp. of Arkansas , had a net loss of $ 46.9 million , or 91 cents a share , compared with a restated loss of $ 9 million , or 18 cents a share , a year ago . 
When it announced the planned breakup in May , Cray Research said development costs of several competing projects were squeezing its earnings growth . 
As ties between academia and venture capital have blossomed in recent years , governmental fear of abuse has risen . 
`` We do n't look at this as a major problem for us , '' she said . 
American Suzuki 's previous agency , Keye\/Donna\/Pearlstein , did n't participate . 
Joining the call for some kind of study or regulatory action , Merrill Lynch & Co. recommended program-trading reforms late Friday , including higher margins on stock-index futures and greater regulatory coordination . 
But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat-footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar . 
`` The market must have turned up and down 15 different times , '' commented Lance Zipper , head of OTC trading at Kidder Peabody . 
In a July analysis titled `` From Euphoria to Despair , '' W.I. Carr ( Far East ) Ltd. , another securities firm , said that eroding confidence might undermine future economic development . 
Three years ago , the ratio was reversed . 
Indeed , skepticism was amply captured by a joke told by Poles at the conference : `` The world must be coming to an end . 
( A settlement was reached but was n't made public . ) 
Sex and violence are routinely included even when they are irrelevant to the script , and high-tech special effects are continually substituted for good plot and character development . 
Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets and focus operations on Canada , Indonesia and other international areas . 
The offering will be dated Oct. 31 and mature Oct. 31 , 
Occidental Petroleum 's third-quarter net income rose 2.9 % to $ 108 million , or 39 cents a share , from $ 105 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
`` We 're seeing a real turnaround in interest in small growth stocks , '' he says . 
Nomura said its pretax profits inched up 0.9 % to 248.91 billion yen ( US$ 1.75 billion ) from 246.60 billion yen in the six months ended March 31 . 
Statistics Canada said service-industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July . 
`` We feel there is an opportunity for an audience that is not being served by any network , so we want to take the lead , '' says KCRA 's general manager , John Kueneke . 
In addition to aircraft from Boeing Co. , Cathay announced earlier this year an order for as many as 20 Airbus A330-300s . 
`` We 've seen continued improvement in 1989 , '' she said . 
According to John Maxwell , an analyst at Wheat First Securities , Richmond , Va. , Benson & Hedges has slipped from 4.7 % of the cigarette market in 1985 to just 4.1 % after the second quarter of this year . 
MacMillan Bloedel , a Vancouver , British Columbia , forest products concern , said the 8.1 % loan is due Oct. 16 , 1996 . 
The 249-166 roll call came as the chamber approved a compromise bill allocating $ 17.2 billion to the departments of State , Justice , and Commerce in fiscal 1990 and imposing increased fees on business interests making filings with the government . 
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country . 
Sources close to the company and ad agencies that work with Meredith said leading advertisers in consumer electronics , packaged goods and automotive products were among those negotiating ad packages with the Meredith group . 
In a letter to the BPCA , kelly\/varnell called this `` arbitrary and amateurish . '' 
That 's because the budget deficit feeds an enormous appetite in this country for both foreign goods and foreign capital , overwhelming the nation 's capacity to export . 
Fiscal first-half sales slipped 3.9 % to $ 528.4 million from $ 549.9 million . 
The economy 's slowdown is due only partly to the austerity program launched in September 1988 to cool an overheated economy and tame inflation . 
Indeed , some of the bill 's requirements , including broad representation on the exchanges ' boards of directors and strong measures to prevent conflicts of interest , already have been put in place by the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange and other futures exchanges . 
This mincemeat of tiny gridlocked squares was inspired by the artist 's own digs : `` My loft was 50 by 100 feet , so 50 feet by 50 feet seemed like a good garden room . '' 
Nissan will introduce a completely revamped Sentra next fall . 
Opponents say Mr. Thornburgh 's plan will needlessly break up longtime , tightly knit crime-fighting units that have successfully prosecuted major organized-crime figures . 
Mr. Leavitt , 37 , was elected chairman earlier this year by the company 's new board , having served as vice president for legal and corporate affairs . 
He cautioned , however , that a `` tough tax-rate comparison '' may slow the company 's earnings growth for the current quarter . 
One of Mr. Roberts 's observations is that the Bank 's own loan portfolio is in deep trouble because of its lending to developing countries . 
The noncallable issue , which has a one-time put Oct. 15 , 1999 , was priced at a spread of 66 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
The 1989 deficit would have been nearly $ 10 billion larger had the government been able to spend as much as Congress intended on cleaning up the thrift industry before the year ended on Sept. 30 . 
( Mr. Quennell has said he plans to go with the grid , regardless . ) 
The Treasury 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 was down 2\/32 at 111 29\/32 to yield 10.09 % , while the 11 3\/4 % notes due 1991 were unchanged at 98 19\/32 to yield 12.94 % . 
What 's surprising is that there is n't more of a conservative outcry as the Bush administration lets the programs slip down the national-priority list . 
Indeed , a few economists maintain that global forces will continue to govern Hong Kong 's economic rhythm . 
Now they 're losers and he 's in jail in Mobile County . 
It implies very dramatic growth , '' he said . 
`` In the year 2000 it will be one car per family . 
And then there 's always State U . 
The only way you can make it a big deal is to draw linkages that just do n't make sense . '' 
`` Work hard , play hard '' is advice Best taken with some caution , For it can bring fitness and success Or a state of total exhaustion . 
Mr. McDonough believes that the well-being of the planet depends on such stratagems as opening windows to cut indoor air pollution , tacking down carpets instead of using toxic glues , and avoiding mahogany , which comes from endangered rain forests . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Norfolk Southern shares closed at $ 37.875 , up $ 1.125 . 
Over dinners at New York 's Sky Club and Links Club restaurants , the steel executive and the big investor talked steel , international trade and thoroughbred horses . 
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market . 
Another upshot , however , was the chilling message the Bork hearings sent into the judicial culture from which the Supreme Court draws its talent . 
Also mentioned as a contender was TBWA Advertising , but the company denied it was participating . 
Ms. Raptopoulos noted that relating economic numbers to specific market activity is tricky . 
In addition , neurologists were beginning to report these observations as well . 
If excess capacity develops , they say , not everyone will suffer . 
Minitruck production fell 13 % to 94,243 units . 
The earthquake shattered windows at San Francisco International 's air-traffic control tower and rained pieces of the ceiling down on controllers , three of whom suffered minor injuries . 
Mobil , which said it plans to cut its exploration and production work force by about 8 % in a restructuring , dropped 5\/8 to 56 1\/8 . 
Meanwhile , at home , Mitsubishi has control of some major projects . 
In a stunning shift in direction , Provigo Inc. said it will sell all its non-food operations to concentrate solely on its retail and wholesale grocery business . 
Biggest trouble was scared family who could n't get a phone line through , and spent a really horrible hour not knowing . 
The sale to the Chinese government of 330,000 metric tons of wheat under the government 's export enhancement program was announced after the close of trading Monday , but the sale was expected and failed to buoy prices yesterday , said Dale Gustafson , a futures analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in Chicago . 
In terms of diversions , Denver 's Stapleton International may have experienced the most far-flung : A United flight from Japan was rerouted there . 
But the government did n't step in until six months ago , when thrift officials put Lincoln into conservatorship -- the day after American Continental filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from creditors . 
The four cases were all reported to GTE 's medical director and state and local health authorities . 
The troubled West German computer company said , in a statement to its employees , that the number of persons working in product development will be reduced world-wide to 2,440 from 2,888 by the end of 1990 . 
The fund could invest $ 87 for one year in Treasury bills yielding 8 % to return the guaranteed $ 95 . 
The question is how much you get tied in with seedy characters so they can extort you . '' 
The drop marked the largest monthly tumble since a 19 % slide in January 1982 . 
That purchase doubled Quebecor 's annual printing revenue to $ 750 million . 
`` I understand the firm 's enthusiasm in getting the deal , but such a large company would have been better off showing a little more discretion . '' 
The U.S. attorney 's office , in documents it filed in response , said Mrs. Marcos was making the `` fanciful -- and factually unsupported -- claim that she was kidnapped into this country '' in order to obtain classified material in the case . 
THE IRS WILL PAY if its error burdens you with bank charges . 
It has been a well-paid transaction , this bartering away of the prestige of the republic 's highest office . 
Investors believe they can can rely on such derivative securities to get in and out of the stock market without actually selling any stocks ; that is , a way of staying liquid even when they own stocks . 
If Japanese companies are so efficient , why does Kawasaki-Rikuso Transportation Co. sometimes need a week just to tell its clients how soon it can ship goods from here to Osaka ? 
It 's the first time in the survey 's 15 years that the over-50 group came out ahead . 
U.S. companies account for less than 8 % of the 1,000 or more Soviet joint ventures that have been announced since the Soviets began encouraging such undertakings in 1987 . 
Anxious allies of President Mikhail Gorbachev are cautioning media leaders to take it easy , to be careful not to do anything that could be used by Mr. Gorbachev 's opponents . 
The spokeswoman confirmed that the bank has significantly reduced its muni holdings , but could n't immediately confirm the amount . 
At issue is an accord dating back to March in which Air France gained access to five domestic French routes under Air Inter 's flight numbers and the domestic airline got to fly to five cities outside of France under the flag of Air France . 
It is this kind of dignity and restraint that allows Stevens to declare : `` For all its sad associations , whenever I recall that evening today , I find I do so with a large sense of triumph . '' 
Every man Kate encounters is either sniggeringly puritanical , viciously patronizing , revoltingly lecherous , or all three . 
( In last week 's rape case , for example , the girl turns out to have been a victim of incest , and the biggest villains are the politicians who exploit the case . ) 
If I could ever feel I 've contributed to it in some way , then all the hard work has been worth it . '' 
Thus , even investors who are pushing for the board to do a recapitalization that would pay shareholders a special dividend and possibly grant employees an ownership stake acknowledge that the unions are key . 
A C$ 30-a-share bid by Ciba-Geigy Ltd. , a pharmaceutical company based in Basel , Switzerland , and California-based Chiron Corp. , a bioresearch concern , was extended to Nov. 16 . 
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond . 
Two gunmen entered a Maryland restaurant , ordered two employees to lie on the floor and shot them in the backs of their heads . 
Additional housing vouchers and certificates will be made available , officials said , and some housing and community-development funds may be shifted from other programs or made available for emergency use . 
The company said it currently holds about 4.2 million of Innopac 's 13.8 million common shares outstanding , which have an aggregate market value of about 137.8 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 117.3 million ) . 
Dow Chemical Co. said third-quarter net income slipped 6.8 % from a record year-ago quarter . 
`` I do n't think anyone is now immune from takeover , '' said Robert Schneider of Duff & Phelps Inc. , Chicago . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was at $ 366.55 an ounce . 
HealthVest missed an interest payment to Bank of Tokyo on Oct. 1 . 
Eastern eventually decided not to sell off a major chunk , its South American routes , which were valued at $ 400 million . 
Rather , it 's of a kid ( we 're talking about 17 to 22 year olds here ) having a tough time making the best of what will probably be his one shot at college . 
My mind was miles north at a place called Coogan 's Bluff , where a real sports hero had captured the imagination of a kid who never fully grew up and is all the richer for it . 
Treasury bonds fell sharply on confusion about this week 's Treasury debt auction and rumors that a major Japanese investor was unloading large amounts of long-term bonds . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : 
The bank holding company also reported that third-quarter profit dropped 41 % , to $ 42.7 million , or 61 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 72.3 million , or $ 1.04 a share . 
Also beginning trading today on the Big Board are El Paso Refinery Limited Partnership , El Paso , Texas , ( ELP ) and Franklin Multi-Income Trust , San Mateo , Calif. , ( FMI ) . 
THE NATION'S carriers also provide discounts to Red Cross workers , retired military personnel and medical students . 
Not to mention the incursion of imports . 
Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing and head aching from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches and come home covered with tar and oil ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese and use of chemicals in fruit growing . 
SPECIALIZED FUNDS : 
Ginnie Mae 13 % securities were down about 1\/4 at 109 30\/32 . 
The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... . 
Trained dolphins : pur-poises . 
Veterinary products are showing especially strong growth , Mr. Bergsma said . 
Mr. Wetherell , the underwriter , reckons half of his business could be transacted by computer , cutting costs at least 10 % . 
The Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association , a Lexington , Ky.-based trade group , has launched `` seminars '' for `` potential investors '' at race tracks around the country . 
They previously had backed an internal reorganization plan proposed by PS of New Hampshire . 
Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. was dropped , effective today , from the recreational products and services industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index . 
However , competitors say that Kidder 's hiring binge involving executive-level staffers , some with multiple-year contract guarantees , could backfire unless there are results . 
And because general retail centers such as ComputerLand have little presence in Japan , sales remain in the iron grip of established computer makers . 
There are die-hard bodies , of course . 
Lewis L. Glucksman , vice chairman of Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , said : `` This is a problem that 's taking on a life of its own . 
And because of the early settlement , the three-month bills actually have a 93-day maturity , and the six-month bills have an 184-day maturity . 
Reflecting better growth prospects abroad , McDonald 's noted that as of Sept. 30 more stores were under construction overseas than a year ago , while the opposite was true for domestic expansion . 
`` He 's sharp as a tack . 
`` Our ordnance business has been hurt very badly by the slowdown , '' says Arch Scurlock , TransTechnology 's chairman . 
Total operating profit fell 3.1 % to 486.1 billion yen from 501.61 billion yen . 
Other airline stocks fell in response to the UAL board 's decision to remain independent for now , including USAir Group , which separately reported a third-quarter loss of $ 1.86 a share compared with a year-ago profit . 
Many resorts also are focusing more on the service side of their business . 
December municipal futures ended up 11\/32 point to 92-14 , having pulled off a morning low of 91-23 as cash municipals rebounded . 
Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include Union Carbide , RJR Nabisco , American Natural Resources , Boise Cascade Corp. , General Foods Corp. , Houston Natural Gas and FMC Corp . 
Sen. Packwood has offered his capital-gains-cut package as an amendment to a bill , now pending in the Senate , that would authorize aid to Poland and Hungary . 
But at this point , that may just be wishful thinking . 
For Ms. Johnson , dealing with the earthquake has been more than just a work experience . 
If gold stocks and utilities continue to lead , it may signal that the market is in for rough times . 
Analysts have continually lowered their earnings estimates for the company , and their outlook , at least for the short term , is bleak . 
On Oct. 22 , led by Saudi Arabia , the world 's largest exporter , they embargoed oil shipments to the U.S. and to the Netherlands , Israel 's staunchest European ally . 
The index moved above 35670 at midmorning , nearly reaching the record of 35689.98 set Sept. 28 . 
It levied the smallest number of suspensions of traders and fines of the four largest commodity exchanges studied over the past five years . 
He said he was giving up the golden share `` to clear the way so the playing field is level between all contestants . '' 
But according to bankers and stock analysts who have studied the paper mill , price is n't the only consideration . 
Nicholas Hall , the president of the Colnaghi U.S.A. Ltd. gallery in New York , sold Mr. Paul `` Abraham and Sarah in the Wilderness '' by Giovanni Battista Tiepolo . 
In light of the poor results recently , he says , the agency is adopting an `` attitude of flexibility . '' 
Mainly , though , it was a favorable outlook for yesterday 's new supply that propped up municipals , some traders said . 
In Japan , about 1 % are linked . 
`` We 'd like to do business in America , '' he says . 
Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % . 
There are few mementos of his days as White House deputy chief of staff and confidant of Ronald and Nancy Reagan . 
`` The contract is definitely important to the exchange , '' says Robert Gilmore , executive director of the Securities and Futures Commission . 
On New York 's Commodity Exchange Friday , gold for current delivery jumped $ 5.80 , to $ 378.30 an ounce , the highest settlement since July 12 . 
Ford said in July it planned to operate Associates , based in Dallas , as a separate entity in its Ford Financial Services Group . 
Glenn Hall contributed to this article . 
As a result of its large-scale buying , some analysts now say that liquidity , or the ability to easily buy and sell , has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue . 
A second phase of research , which is still being planned , will test reformulated gasolines on newer engine technologies now being developed for use in 1992 or 1993 cars . 
Because the Resolution Trust Corp . could n't spend the money fast enough , the savings-and-loan outlays were pushed into fiscal 1990 . 
Tangible capital will be about $ 115 million . 
Now that is about to change , as Texas Instruments begins marketing two 14-pound laptop PCs with 20 megabyte and 40 megabyte hard drives . 
We 're looking for something that grows faster and sells at a comparable { price-earnings } multiple . '' 
He has designed furniture and homes as well as commercial and office space . 
The appeals court held : `` When a distinctive voice of a professional singer is widely known and is deliberately imitated in order to sell a product , the sellers have appropriated what is not theirs . '' 
Revenue fell to $ 1.04 billion from $ 1.07 billion . 
But the Population Council , a 37-year-old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government . 
The idea for Movieline actually was dreamed up by an old friend of the Volokhs , Boris Krutchensky ( who has the title of co-publisher ) , and Laurie Halpern Smith , now the magazine 's co-editor . 
Buying was scattered across a wide range of issues , making the session fairly characterless , traders said . 
Already two major pharmaceutical companies , the Squibb unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. , are collaborating with gene hunters to turn the anticipated cascade of discoveries into predictive tests and , maybe , new therapies . 
Capital goods orders outside of the defense sector tumbled for the second month in a row , posting a 5.6 % drop after a 10.3 % decline . 
Cincinnati Bell Inc . 
The stock jumped 9 1\/2 Friday , when the company announced it was in takeover talks . 
Coda , an oil and gas concern , said it and its partners received $ 7 million in cash and $ 10 million in five-year notes for the Kansas intrastate pipeline . 
Japan is a major target for the Soviets . 
`` What counts is the bottom line . '' 
`` I did n't expect it to be this quiet . 
MLX has filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering a proposed offering of $ 120 million in long-term senior subordinated notes and warrants . 
If the deal closes , the two officers will draw salaries from the independent operation , not from Integrated . 
Adolph Coors Co. said its Coors Brewing Co. unit will test market a new line of bottled water in the West beginning early next year . 
Tokyu Construction gained 170 to 1610 . 
`` We are n't looking at anything like a doomsday scenario , '' he says . 
Judge Leval reluctantly concluded that a few of Mr. Miller 's quotations from Mr. Hubbard 's unpublished writings , because they were not necessary to prove historical points , failed the fair-use test and therefore infringed copyright . 
The television element of `` La Familia '' includes a series of two-minute informational features to air seven days a week on the Spanish-language Univision network , a unit of Univision Holdings Inc. , which is 80%-owned by Hallmark Cards Inc . 
-- If the price of the stock declines , the put will increase in value . 
According to the report , completed last month , if China 's trade gap continues to widen at the pace seen in the first seven months of this year , the reserves would be wiped out either in 1990 or 1991 . 
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . ) 
The experiments involve encircling a thin rod of palladium metal with a wire of platinum and plunging the two electrodes into `` heavy '' water in which the hydrogen atoms are a doubly heavy form known as deuterium . 
These security costs are kept off-budget because the centers ' site acquisition , construction , and financing costs were reduced by such programs as Urban Development Action Grants , Economic Development Administration Grants , Community Development Block Grants , tax-free Industrial Development Bonds , Enterprise Zone tax write-offs , city infrastructure grants , and tax increment financing . 
In one breakdown , GM attributed half of its net to its two big technology units , Electronic Data Systems Corp. and GM Hughes Electronics Corp . 
The two surveys , which asked different questions , were conducted using national random probability samples . 
Orders for capital defense goods skyrocketed 56 % , and a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including airplanes , missiles , ships , tanks and communications equipment . 
An aggressive Ford bid for Jaguar would put pressure on GM to make a better offer as the British company 's `` white knight . '' 
The pick of the group is `` Payroll '' ; it should be required reading for every college president . 
Israel wants to end the dialogue , but our analysts take a different view than theirs . '' 
His boss complained about neglect of other chores . 
ORGANIZED CRIME Strike Forces likely to be abolished next month . 
Joseph Hardiman , president of the National Association of Securities Dealers , which oversees trading on Nasdaq , agrees that program trading is hurting the market 's efforts to bring back small investors . 
Mr. Krat indicated that completion of the transaction could take several weeks , and it was n't immediately clear what would happen to the broker-dealer subsidiary if Integrated files for bankruptcy-law protection in the meantime . 
Chiron , another pharmaceutical concern , is based in Emeryville , Calif . 
Still , Southland said that its franchisees have been targeting their merchandise to their customers for years , and that the company has begun to follow suit . 
The National Institutes of Health policy would require researchers to cut financial ties with health-care businesses -- or lose their government money . 
`` I think you have to give Greenspan a good rating . '' 
`` If you 're looking for a significantly higher yield with the same level of risk as a CD , you 're not going to find it , '' says Washington financial planner Dennis M. Gurtz . 
`` There seems to be a message from Moscow there 's a deal on offer , '' he says . 
And William E. Wetzel Jr. , a University of New Hampshire management professor and director of Venture Capital Network Inc. , says the market 's gyrations will underline the investors ' lack of control in big stock investments . 
Workers at Peugeot S.A. 's car plant at Sochaux , in eastern France , voted to end a six-week-old strike that has cost the Peugeot group production of 60,000 automobiles , a company spokesman said . 
Shaw , based in Dalton , Ga. , has annual sales of about $ 1.18 billion , and has economies of scale and lower raw-material costs that are expected to boost the profitability of Armstrong 's brands , sold under the Armstrong and Evans-Black names . 
Mr. Ely , 57 years old , temporarily increases the board to seven members . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters maintain that executives at Warner have always known of their ambitions to run a major entertainment powerhouse , but that Warner never felt threatened until they linked up with Sony . 
Many Atlantans thought Pittsburgh was an unworthy heir . 
After-the-fact judicial examination of an actor 's conduct has always been the common law 's method . 
Last year 's series , broadcast by General Electric Co. 's NBC , was the lowest-rated Series in four years ; instead of featuring a major East Coast team against a West Coast team , it pitted the Los Angeles Dodgers against the losing Oakland A's . 
The zero-coupon subordinated notes have no periodic interest payments . 
The state is protected when plans and designs for public structures were approved ahead of time or when structures met previously approved standards , says Mr. Covert . 
A key marketing target for Digital will be the large number of big customers who already own both Digital and IBM systems . 
At 18,000 feet , he says , he and his co-pilot `` were looking for an interstate or a cornfield '' to land . 
The Nissan logo flashed on the screen for a moment , and then came a taped plea for donations from former President Reagan -- followed by the silent print telling viewers where to call . 
Last year , 25 % of the 10 million bicycles sold in the U.S. were mountain bikes . 
The company said it expects to release third-quarter results in mid-November . 
`` Foothills wants to make it clear to other pipeline companies that it 's on first insofar as transporting gas from the Arctic to southern markets , '' Mr. Hillary said . 
`` The Japanese apple market is very keyed to high quality , '' says David Lane , a scientist at a Canadian horticulture research center in Summerland , British Columbia , and so apples are more of a delicacy there than a big food commodity . 
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people . 
Borden even tested a milk with 4 % butterfat in the South , but decided the market was too small . 
`` Their attitude is , ` You want to talk mainframes , we 'll talk mainframes , ' '' says one computer industry executive . 
Outside what essentially amounted to a bookkeeping exercise , dealers said London dealings were largely dulled by the absence of active interest beyond the market-makers . 
`` I was having a drink in Sardi 's , when all of a sudden I saw a woman 's backside coming up the steps on the second floor and she was wearing sequined slacks . 
`` It 's a super-exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer . 
`` When the fruit is ripe , it falls from the tree by itself , '' he says . 
No tax increases would be necessary . 
Time Warner said its cable division turned in a 77 % increase in operating cash flow , to $ 166 million from $ 94 million , reflecting higher per-subscriber revenue . 
The release of several economic reports had little impact on the market , including a report that the U.S. trade deficit expanded to a surprisingly wide $ 10.77 billion in August , up from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July . 
`` The stock market is sick because profits are crumbling , '' says Michael K. Evans , president of Evans Economics Inc. , Washington . 
For whom is the saving ? 
While Georgia-Pacific 's stock has outperformed the market in the past two years , Nekoosa has lagged the market in the same period . 
The traders were executing municipal bond , mutual fund and other orders through a sister firm , Tucker Anthony Inc. , which is also owned by John Hancock Freedom Securities but is based in New York . 
S.A. brewing would make a takeover offer for all of Bell Resources if it exercises the option , according to the commission . 
`` The junk bond market is being taken apart '' because of recession fears , said J. David Mills , senior vice president at Boston Company Advisers . 
Save the sequester , and let Washington scream . 
Viacom also owns cable systems , but it is the 14th largest operator of such systems , with less than one million subscribers . 
The two , Szeto Wah and Martin Lee , were deemed unfit because they had condemned China 's crackdown on its pro-democracy movement . 
The jurors , who did n't know which side had retained them , decided for Energy Transportation , and awarded $ 500 million in damages . 
The Association of Outplacement Consulting Firms says the industry 's volume has soared tenfold since 1980 , to $ 350 million a year ... . 
A federal official said that Continental Bank worked with securities and banking regulators over the weekend to fashion the Fossett bailout , but that conditions were n't dictated by those agencies . 
Jumping in on big deals is a high profile way to leapfrog the problem of not having a strong retail-banking network . 
Also precluded would be dual trading , whereby a broker trades for customers as well as his own account , a practice that provides needed liquidity to the markets . 
`` Thank goodness it 's happening . 
The judge also ruled that the painting was n't abandoned because officials did n't intend for it to be thrown away and were unaware that the workmen had discarded it . 
Connaught is a biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concern . 
Under the agreement , which had been widely expected , Bell Atlantic would be buying Control Data 's customer base and its approximately 100 U.S. maintenance facilities in about 33 cities . 
All of Japan 's so-called Big Four securities firms -- Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. , the world 's largest , Nikko Securities Co. Ltd. , Yamaichi Securities Co. Ltd. and Daiwa -- have suffered setbacks in their attempts to break into foreign markets . 
UNC Inc. , an Annapolis , Md. , contractor that earned $ 23.8 million on revenue of $ 400.4 million in 1988 , has gone even further in realigning its military business . 
The current contract pays the NFL $ 1.4 billion . 
Beyond removing a competitor , the combination should provide `` synergies , '' said Fred Harlow , Unilab 's chief financial officer . 
Adm. Goupil rejected Dassault 's proposal to renovate the Crusaders , saying the cost was impossible to estimate . 
After all , farmers here work with `` hazardous '' chemicals every day , many of them the same chemicals that would have been destroyed in the incinerator . 
The Educational Network , as Mr. Whittle has named the three programs , has been offered to 1,290 school districts and Whittle continues to negotiate with 919 districts . 
The buy-back is part of a 25-million-share repurchase plan , under which Coca-Cola Enterprises so far has acquired a total of 9.7 million shares . 
Among other things , the industry is trying to come up with standardized business lists that cut down on duplications . 
The report suggested that current review programs are too narrow . 
Developers are also eyeing the real estate portfolios of major corporations . 
`` The market was basically acting on two contradictory forces , '' said Nauman Barakat of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The yield on the Treasury 's 30-year issue fell slightly to 8.03 % . 
Borrowers ' incentives are equally skewed . 
Yet , they are far and away the most prolific producers in Hollywood . 
Money is n't the only thing that makes her dump once favorite brands . 
Leveraged funds in particular `` are still extremely vulnerable , because we 're still at the beginning of problems in the junk market , '' says George Foot , a managing partner at Newgate Management Associates in Northampton , Mass . 
Mr. Bostian said in August that his macroeconomic index signaled recession . 
However , Delta Air Lines fell 1 1\/2 to 67 1\/2 and USAir Group dropped 3\/4 to 42 1\/2 . 
Many of the lost tourism dollars wo n't be recovered ; many trips delayed never take place . 
Moreover , he is a political agent of a political president , who naturally gives extraordinary weight to the way the economy will perform before the next election , and less to its longer-run health . 
He left his last two jobs at Republic Airlines and Flying Tiger with combined stock-option gains of about $ 22 million , and UAL gave him a $ 15 million bonus when it hired him . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. and Tandem Computers Inc. also signaled that they should recover quickly . 
In an advisory letter , the department said that , starting Oct. 18 , loans could be limited to `` parties in interest , '' which generally means active workers but also includes retirees who continue as directors and 10 % shareholders . 
A similar machine already on the market , made by Rank Sintel Ltd. , a unit of Rank Organisation , costs about $ 500,000 . 
Step 2 will answer the question : What happens if these increases do not materialize ? 
Amdahl 's results were somewhat worse than expected . 
The bill must be enacted before the cuts can be restored . 
Raymond Corp. lost 1 to 10 after it said late Thursday that it will take a $ 4.4 million charge in its third quarter for reserves to cover potential charges in connection with the closing and sale of a manufacturing plant . 
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli . 
In a letter , prosecutors told Mr. Antar 's lawyers that because of the recent Supreme Court rulings , they could expect that any fees collected from Mr. Antar may be seized . 
The policy was contained in an exchange of letters last October between the Senate intelligence committee and the CIA and National Security Council . 
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J . 
`` I pull my hair back , wear a little makeup and look corporate , '' says Ms. Byler , who has been visiting Emerson since January . 
`` They are becoming more independent . 
The test markets , though not specified , will be in northern California , Arizona and Colorado , some of the hottest bottled-water markets . 
A bidding war for Jaguar became more likely as Britain unexpectedly decided to end restrictions blocking a takeover of the luxury car maker . 
This cuts down greatly on labor , Mr. Buchner said . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters rub many people in Hollywood the wrong way . 
The rule goes back at least as far as a 1930 Supreme Court decision , Robert Willens of Shearson Lehman Hutton says . 
General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. are now going head to head in the markets for shares of Jaguar PLC , as GM got early clearance from the Federal Trade Commission to boost its stake in the British luxury car maker . 
Exxon said in its suit that it will seek reimbursement from the state for that part of the cleanup costs and damage claims it says resulted from the state 's conduct . 
In San Francisco , small businesses are urging passage of a local initiative to build a new $ 95 million downtown baseball stadium ; they believe it will spur retail sales and hotel-restaurant business . 
Jeanette Traverso , a California lawyer , gave up running three times a week to play a weekly round of golf , finding it more social and serene . 
Revenue totaled $ 1.01 billion , a 43 % increase from $ 704.4 million , reflecting the company 's acquisition of Emery earlier this year . 
Load factor , or percentage of seats filled , climbed to 67.1 % from 66.6 % , even though the number of flights rose 6.9 % to 215,845 in the first-three quarters . 
The second ship , which is half-completed , is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 , and the third in fall 1991 . 
Pretax earnings declined 1.3 % . 
Although many investors were aware that a bond offering was being scheduled , many expected a much smaller amount of bonds to be sold . 
Though the agency could remove Mr. Paul , it has no current intention to do that . 
There is such a maze of federal , state and local codes that `` building inspectors are backing away from interpreting them , '' Mr. Dooling says . 
Furthermore , because timing is so critical with RU-486 , she will learn , via a pelvic examination and ultrasound , not only that she is pregnant , but just how pregnant she is . 
But , says Mr. Katz , the U.S. attorney , `` the interesting thing about Newport Beach operations is that they give themselves the indulgence of beautiful offices , with plush furnishings . 
`` Traditionally , consumers were concerned about ordering after the first of December because they did n't believe they would get it by Christmas , '' says Adam Strum , chairman of the Wine Enthusiast Inc. , which sells wine cellars and accessories through the mail . 
The Internal Revenue Service plans to restructure itself more like a private corporation . 
Depicting the people of a traumatized city reeling from a disaster of unprecedented proportions was at the very best ludicrous under the circumstances . 
Trouble is , junk bond prices have been weak for months . 
`` But the hurdle of financing still has to be resolved . 
U.S. law requires criminal defendants to turn over foreign documents such as those sought in the Marcos case . 
Mr. Cano is president of El Espectador , a newspaper founded by his grandfather . 
While they acknowledge the president will attend several meals and a working session also attended by Mr. Ortega , they insist that Mr. Bush wo n't be extending the Nicaraguan leader any special courtesies . 
On one-year CDs of $ 50,000 and less , the average slid to 8.02 % from 8.06 % . 
Once { asbestos } is released into the environment , it can lodge anywhere , '' says Richard A. Dennis , the assistant U.S. attorney who prosecuted the case . 
Speed is a component of quality -- one of the things we must deliver to satisfy customers . '' 
Both regions are the fastest-growing areas for Basf , the company said . 
And , last but not least , President George Bush now views the changes in Eastern Europe as `` absolutely extraordinary '' and believes that Mr. Krenz `` ca n't turn the clock back '' in East Germany because the change is too inexorable , '' as he told the New York Times 's R.W. Apple Jr . 
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control . 
Enserch said the tendered units will raise its ownership of the partnership to more than 99 % from 87 % . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Sapporo gained 80 to 1,920 and Kirin added 60 to 2,070 . 
He explains that companies with real estate give `` security . '' 
Foreigners involved in prostitution will be punished according to the law , and those with sexually transmitted diseases will be expelled from the country , according to the regulations . 
Norton makes sandpaper and other abrasives , diamond tools , specialty plastics and ceramics . 
Returns for 1988 from people with six-month filing extensions were due Monday , but the IRS says people in the disaster areas wo n't be penalized for late filing if their returns are marked `` Hugo '' and postmarked by Jan. 16 . 
Warner-Lambert , Morris Plains , N.J. , reported sales that were a record for any quarter and the eighth quarter in a row of 20 % or more per-share earnings growth . 
Mr. Roman comes across as a low-key executive ; Mr. Phillips has a flashier personality . 
And those efforts are paying off : Spirits exports jumped more than 2 1\/2 times to $ 157.2 million in 1988 from $ 59.8 million in 1983 , according to the Distilled Spirits Council of the U.S. , a trade group . 
Figures do n't include taxes or transaction costs . 
For example , one parakeet owner returning home found that her apartment , like many others in the Marina , did n't have heat . 
Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible . 
Americans did n't dislike metrics ; they simply ignored them . 
Private placements involve debt and equity securities , typically in denominations of $ 1 million , that are sold to institutional investors and are n't registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
A # 320 million ( $ 508 million ) British Airways PLC rights issue flopped badly -- the victim of recent market turbulence and the collapse of the buy-out bid for United Airlines ' parent , UAL Corp . 
ADIA SERVICES INC. , Menlo Park , temporary personnel agency , annual sales of $ 504 million , OTC , said all 30 offices in Bay area were working , but in various states of disarray . 
FileNet noted that it had cash and marketable securities totaling $ 22.5 million on Sept. 30 , and stockholders ' equity is $ 60.1 million . 
The index of leading indicators got a major boost in September from a surge in consumer expectations as measured by the University of Michigan . 
Still , Mr. Mack says he talks to `` 30 members of Congress a week . '' 
And debt-ridden Campeau Corp. of Toronto is giving up the 17-store Bloomingdale 's group . 
Among companies mentioned by analysts as possible counterbidders for Nekoosa are International Paper , Weyerhaeuser , Canadian Pacific Ltd. and MacMillan Bloedel Ltd . 
PWA would n't estimate the value of Wardair 's aircraft , which include 12 Airbus A310-300s and three Boeing 747-100s . 
But retail energy prices declined 0.9 % in September . 
But their potential quake exposure is seen as small given that they require a financial cushion on all the loans they purchase . 
Dealers said fresh buying was drawn into Jaguar after a senior executive of Daimler-Benz , the auto maker , told a British television interviewer during the weekend that the West German company held talks with the luxury auto maker over possible joint ventures . 
Marshall came clanking in like Marley 's ghost dragging those chains of brigades and air wings and links with Arab despots . 
The flamboyant and publicity-conscious Mr. Belli says he already has investigators looking into who could be held liable for the damage on the Bay Bridge and the interstate approaching it . 
Homerun = jonron . 
Tandy Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire two units of Datatronic AB of Stockholm for cash . 
Mr. Baker drives a 1987 Chevy and usually wears a tweed jacket on his ghostbusting forays . 
And if you `` consider the changing distribution of credit , '' Mr. Durkin says , `` much of the increase in debt in recent years is due to increasing credit use by higher-income families , '' that is , `` those probably best able to handle it . '' 
Mr. Conway was executive vice president and chief investment officer of Union Central Life Insurance Co. , of Cincinnati , in 1987 , when Union Central bought a 54 % interest in Manhattan National Corp . 
If earnings do n't live up to analysts ' expectations , he says , that 's enough to dump the stock . 
Any acquisition of Farmers needs the approval of insurance commissioners in the nine states where Farmers operates , and Mr. Bebear 's trip will take him to Idaho , Arizona and New York after his stay here ; he will meet with insurance regulators , legislators , industry excutives and the press . 
Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 fell to $ 150.8 million , or $ 1.20 a share , from $ 223 million , or $ 1.71 a share , a year ago . 
Jackson & Walker has an office in Fort Worth , Texas , and Dotson & Scofield has an office in New Orleans . 
Mr. Smith said statements about the contract made in SEC filings were made by attorneys who did have access to the contracts but who were n't part of the negotiations between Sony and the duo . 
But Rep. John Bryant ( D. , Texas ) , the lead counsel for the House managers who conducted a lengthy inquiry into Judge Hastings ' activities , said `` a mountain of evidence points to his certain guilt . '' 
For eight hours a day for the past two weeks , in aggregates of as much as 27,000 pounds ( equaling $ 20,000 in pennies ) , Coin Wrap has been pouring money into a cement-mixing truck . 
Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid . 
So the SEC has proposed to Congress that much of the job of oversight be turned over to an industry-funded , self-regulatory organization patterned on the National Association of Securities Dealers , which operates in the brokerage business . 
`` That gives futures traders a lot more power . '' 
An occupant will , in most every case , be better for the home and neighborhood than a vacant house . 
International Business Machines Corp. and MCA Inc. said they agreed to sell their Discovision Associates joint venture to U.S. units of Pioneer Electronic Corp. for $ 200 million . 
Goodson said David Carr , former president of Ingersoll Publications , and Ray Cockburn , former senior vice president , would head the new in-house management team at Goodson , which had revenue of $ 225 million in 1988 . 
Taxi , leasing and other companies that maintain fleets of vehicles devote substantial resources to complying with state insurance laws and a host of agencies . 
Jurors in U.S. District Court in Miami cleared Harold Hershhenson , a former executive vice president ; John Pagones , a former vice president ; and Stephen Vadas and Dean Ciporkin , who had been engineers with Cordis . 
`` The alternative -- Giuliani -- is ghastly . '' 
He said the improvement was a result of cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending two sales organizations and focusing more carefully the company 's promotional activities . 
The Canadian Pulp and Paper Association , an industry group , said Canadian mills produced 532,000 metric tons of market pulp in September , compared with 527,000 metric tons a year earlier . 
That `` business '' risk is very significant for an investor with only a few stocks , but it virtually disappears in a large and well-diversified portfolio . 
I 've learned the hard way that too much booze Takes revenge the next day about nine ; No wonder I say , `` I drink to your health '' -- It certainly is n't to mine ! 
But some members of an ad hoc expert committee set up by the Department of Energy to evaluate the cold fusion research were in the audience . 
The red ink came as no surprise to Wall Street , but analysts said they saw ominous hints of a further delay in volume shipments of Version 1.1 , a harbinger of continued losses in the fourth quarter . 
Mr. Mehl noted that actual rates are almost identical on small and large-denomination CDs , but yields on CDs aimed at the individual investor are boosted by more frequent compounding . 
Fluor Corp. said it was awarded a $ 300 million contract to provide engineering and construction-management services at a copper mine in Irian Jaya , Indonesia , for a unit of Freeport-McMoRan Copper Co . 
`` Obviously , pride sells in Texas , '' says a spokeswoman for Bozell Inc. , Omaha , Neb. , which represents 
Polyvinyl chloride capacity `` has overtaken demand and we are experiencing reduced profit margins as a result , '' said John D. Ong , chairman and chief executive . 
What is pertinent is the calmness of that beauty , its sense of restraint . 
Earnings continued to pace sales because of a lower tax rate , profit from the renegotiation of the debt instrument received from Faberge Inc. in connection with Lilly 's sale of Elizabeth Arden Inc. in 1987 , and net proceeds from the settlement of patent litigation at Lilly 's Hybritech Inc. unit . 
`` We were just beginning to look at the increase in IPOs , seeing the light at the end of the tunnel , '' says Frank Kline Jr. , partner in Lambda Funds , a Beverly Hills , Calif. , venture capital concern . 
Sales amounted to 1.011 trillion yen , climbing 29 % from 787.02 billion yen . 
`` There 's no feed , '' he says . 
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . '' 
`` The parent company is diversifying into other industries around the world , '' said president Meyer Blinder in explaining the name change . 
Beginning in December 1995 , Galileo will begin a two-year tour of the Jovian moons . 
On the surface , the decline in September durable goods -- only 0.1 % -- did n't appear very weak . 
He also launched a kingside storm , sacrificing a pawn to denude D.T. 's king . 
The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing . 
Beghin-Say S.A. said that it plans to sell its remaining paper operations by the end of January as part of a drive to refocus on the food sector and lower its debt . 
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 . 
Not since the late 1970s has the horn been so up for grabs as it has suddenly become in just the past few weeks . 
The initial $ 11 million research program will conduct the most extensive testing to date of reformulated gasolines , said Joe Colucci , head of fuels and lubricants at General Motors Corp. research laboratories . 
The prospect of buying into a cash-hungry company without getting management control persuaded at least three foreign buyers , including a member of the Elders group of Australia , to pull out of the bidding , the bankers and analysts say . 
Thomas F. O'Boyle contributed to this article . 
All parts of the issue are callable at any time at par . 
It is ironic that at a time when America 's partial airline deregulation is being emulated by governments from New Zealand to Ethiopia , so many in Congress favor an incumbent-protection program for airlines that would be more appropriate for the Soviet airline , Aeroflot . 
Yesterday , it provided the details : 
The document proposes breaking up the monolithic system of state-owned enterprises and farms and allowing a big private sector to flourish , helped by tough anti-monopoly legislation . 
One possible solution for Wall Street is to increase the equity part of the transaction -- that is , give lenders a bigger stake in the surviving company rather than just interest payments . 
Its resilience around these levels is pegged to persistent investor demand for the greenback , especially in Japan . 
That 's `` not bad , '' Mr. Sit says , but it sure does n't justify Block shares being priced at 15 to 16 times estimated earnings for fiscal 1990 . 
U.S. steel imports in August fell 14 % from a year earlier to 1,531,000 tons , according to the American Iron and Steel Institute . 
As a result , the insurance market plans new measures to restrict the ability of syndicate officials to leave years open . 
Figures for the period ended Sept. 30 for the four largest brokerage firms -- Nomura Securities Co. , Daiwa Securities Co. , Yamaichi Securities Co. and Nikko Securities -- also reflected a changeover to a fiscal year ending March 31 , replacing the 12-month term formerly finishing Sept. 30 . 
But the trouble it faces now under Democratic rule seems bigger and more daunting than anything it has faced in the past . 
The four-page news summary will be aimed at readers outside Canada or in Canadian locations where the national daily is n't available on the day of publication . 
Charles R. Simpson Jr. , 46 , president and chief operating officer , will assume the chief executive 's post . 
But on the West Coast , where profitable oil production is more likely than in the midcontinent region , the Bakersfield , Calif. , office staff of 130 will grow by 175 to 305 . 
Bush declared the region a major disaster area and the military was mobilized to prevent looting . 
No phones . 
Mr. Pound responded , `` It 's a deal . '' 
While `` the tone '' of domestic and international air-freight markets remains sound , seasonal factors are likely to hinder Burlington Air from matching third-quarter results in the fourth quarter , Pittston said . 
`` If you 're going to be consistent and say it is a constitutionally protected right , '' he asks , `` how are you going to say an upscale woman who can drive to the hospital or clinic in a nice car has a constitutional right and someone who is not in great shape financially does not ? '' 
But Lloyd 's is hampered in its efforts to overhaul operations by its reluctance to embrace modern technology . 
A Labor Department spokesman said the unusually high number of initial claims for state unemployment benefits reflects the impact of Hurricane Hugo on southern states , particularly North Carolina and South Carolina . 
In 1982 , he started a factory in Greece . 
The revised LIN-BellSouth agreement boosts the dollar amount of the special dividend LIN promises to pay shareholders . 
Seiko Epson Corp. , a newcomer to the industry , fought off a legal challenge and started selling NEC clones last year . 
He was shocked , associates say , to learn of Mr. Icahn 's new takeover threat . 
And the Ministry of Foreign Affairs works for itself , supporting Japanese diplomats who sprinkle abundant aid money around the world to ensure that their seat at the dinner table is next to the host 's . 
Interest picks up , though , when Mr. Gould gets around to discussing the meaning of the Burgess oddities for the theory of evolution . 
In late afternoon New York trading yesterday , the dollar stood at 1.8415 West German marks , up from 1.8340 marks late Monday , and at 142.85 yen , up from 141.90 yen late Monday . 
But the statistics released yesterday show the firms did nothing of the sort . 
The average discount rate on three-month bills was 7.78 % and the rate on six-month bills was 7.62 % . 
Texaco 's situation had become particularly complex because much of its effort had for years been focused on its brawl with Pennzoil and then on New York investor Carl C. Icahn 's attempt to take over the company . 
Some adjusters , already in other parts of California , drove to the disaster area with recreational vehicles and mobile homes that could be used as makeshift claims-processing centers . 
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . '' 
The closely held company has n't disclosed sales . 
But July 5 , a thunderstorm in Wilmington , Del. , caused Shellpot Creek to rise 15 feet , pouring 1.3 million gallons of water into basement vaults . 
Economists do n't expect any such changes in this year 's address , given Mr. Lawson 's apparent reluctance to adjust policy currently . 
`` If one thinks that rates are going down , you do n't care how much supply is coming . '' 
One analyst , who asked not to be identified , said he believes that the UAL pilots and management can put together a bid `` in the $ 225 area , '' but that it could take three to four months to close . 
Rather , senior administration officials said that the unexpected meeting was scheduled at Mr. Bush 's request because of his preference for conducting diplomacy through highly personal and informal meetings with other leaders . 
They repeatedly noted that environmental progress could not be secured without true ownership , genuine competition based on market factors , and the risk of bankruptcy if a business makes the wrong decisions . 
Clearly , the central figure in this process is Egon Krenz . 
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says . 
But Conner is n't standing still . 
The complex restructuring , which was long expected , transforms London-based WCRS from primarily a creator of advertising into one of Europe 's largest buyers of advertising time and space . 
`` People are promoting furs in various ways and taking the glamour out of the fur business , '' says Stephen Sanders , divisional merchandise manager for Marshall Field 's department store in Chicago . 
They talked of the home run . 
The big questions are whether the increase , effective Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick , and whether other major steelmakers will follow suit . 
Revenue last year increased by more than 11 % over 1988 , and net income nearly tripled from restated year-earlier net of $ 900 million . 
He says the airline is putting its faith in the Sino-British agreement on Hong Kong 's return to China . 
In a 1961 incident , a Soviet mail plane disappeared off the radar screen just after radioing its position to ground control in Sverdlovsk . 
But it was the Quotron problems that had lingering effects . 
Investors usually do n't want to take physical delivery of a contract , preferring instead to profit from its price swings and then end any obligation to take delivery or make delivery as it nears expiration . 
Richard D. Sutton , 64 years old , chairman of this bank-holding company , was named acting president and chief executive officer of the company and its First National Bank of Toms River subsidiary . 
If elected , Mr. Dinkins will probably have no choice but to raise taxes on overburdened businesses or cut spending in already under-serviced neighborhoods . 
Sales of Prozac , an anti-depressant , led drug-sales increases . 
Prices opened strongly on the basis of Monday 's Wall Street rally and yesterday 's gains in Tokyo . 
Although dealers said investors are becoming more bearish toward the dollar in the wake of the stock market 's recent troubles and as the U.S. economy weakens , the dollar ended down only modestly . 
A genetic probe showed the hemoglobin gene was missing , the researchers report in the medical journal Lancet . 
But `` they were n't on my list of companies who were critical to be a part of it . '' 
I take these pronouncements , like many that have preceded them in past years , with a grain of salt . 
Personally , I 'm glad there are people like him around to slow down the profit takers , and those who are in such a blind hurry for something that may appear to benefit them in the immediate future , not caring about the long-range implications . 
In late May , Newmark & Lewis announced a plan to cut prices 5 % to 20 % and eliminate what it called a `` standard discount-retailing practice '' of negotiating individual deals with customers . 
The new machines are capable of sorting by zip code up to 10,000 large flat mail pieces , including magazines and parcels , an hour . 
`` There 's a distinct possibility that I may lose my job over this , '' the employee , Karen Allen , of Floor Covering Resources , Kensington , Md. , recently told a congressional hearing . 
Also , Richard A. Barkley , a former marketing executive with FMC Corp. , was appointed president of Continental Container Systems , a producer of can closing machinery that Figgie acquired late last year . 
`` Sears is likely to be unsuccessful if it continues with its pricing policy when everyone else is offering unusual values . '' 
Computer Sciences would n't disclose the proposed purchase price for Cleveland Consulting , which counsels companies on logistics and supply . 
Then , a scientific team led by molecular geneticist Webster Cavenee , then at the University of Utah , found the answer . 
Even if he is , she adds , he appears to have only limited room for maneuver within the Communist Party 's ruling Politburo . 
This fatuous statement was not taken seriously when enacted in 1972 , and should not now be confused with the operative provisions of the statute . 
This Friday brings the `` double witching hour , '' Wall Street 's nickname for the monthly simultaneous expiration of a variety of stock index futures , index options and options on individual stocks . 
`` I think Ford is going to come out with full guns blazing , '' Mr. Reitman says . 
Elsewhere , prices surged for a second day in Frankfurt , closed higher in Zurich , Stockholm and Amsterdam and were broadly lower in Milan , Paris and Brussels . 
`` I do n't see anything on the horizon that could lead to a precipitous rise in the price . '' 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set Aug. 31 , 1987 . 
Fujitsu said it hopes the Hiroshima contract will help it secure pacts with other municipalities . 
Granges Inc. , citing depressed gold prices , said it plans to suspend operations for an indefinite period at its Tartan gold mine in Manitoba . 
His estimate of 3.3 % for third-quarter GNP is higher than the consensus largely because he believes current inventories are n't as low as official figures indicate . 
Under current rules , that accrued interest is deductible by the company issuing the debt . 
To reduce the danger of such pricing cycles , Akzo has invested heavily in specialty chemicals , which have highly specific industrial uses and tend to produce much higher profit margins than do bulk chemicals . 
But with its stake in Jaguar , which it raised yesterday to 11.95 % , Ford could convene a special Jaguar shareholders ' meeting and urge holders to vote to drop the restriction sooner . 
At the moment , however , the painting is a nagging reminder of the problems that have engulfed CenTrust and its flamboyant chairman and chief executive , David L. Paul . 
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non-violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . '' 
`` We 've known for six months the effect of this drug , and our advice to our people has been not to buy the company 's stock , '' Dr. Starzl said , adding that profiting from FK-506 would n't be ethical . 
And some of its top client-service executives , including Mr. Phillips , were promoted to the point they were saddled with administrative duties , with little time to see clients . 
Democrat Gene Taylor won a special election to fill the congressional seat vacated by the death of Republican Larkin Smith , taking back the GOP 's lone redoubt in Mississippi 's House delegation . 
So the White House announced that Mr. Bush got his first earthquake briefing of the day at 6:30 a.m. from chief of staff John Sununu . 
The Labor Party , meanwhile , threatened to support a parliamentary motion to topple the coalition unless Shamir showed flexibility on Arab-Israeli talks . 
Perhaps because they won , Mr. Bork 's attackers come through more vividly than his defenders . 
Will he , if he wins , be in the thrall of the most liberal of his allies , who advocate such policies as rent control for commercial buildings , or will he tilt toward the real-estate interests that have funneled money into his campaign ? 
Media General said it has had inquiries from potential buyers and expects to complete a sale in 1989 . 
A competing version of EPO is being developed by Genetics Institute Inc. in Cambridge , Mass . 
But this is a production designed and directed by Franco Zeffirelli and paid for by Sybil Harrington , who has no need to count her pennies , unlike Violetta , down to 20 louis at the opera 's end . 
Profit margins at company-owned McDonald 's outlets in the U.S. `` are holding up quite nicely , '' says Mr. Greenberg . 
And it treats such activities in a frivolous , cavalier fashion , with total indifference to common sense and public safety . 
It also found them rising much more in the Northeast than elsewhere . 
They shredded it simply because it contained financial information about their creditors and depositors . '' 
Several observers interpreted Mr. Dozen 's appointment as an attempt by Daiwa to make its international operations more profitable while preparing the firm for the effects of the continuing deregulation of Japan 's domestic markets , which should mean increased competition . 
By the end of this year , 63-year-old Chairman Silas Cathcart -- the former chairman of Illinois Tool Works who was derided as a `` tool-and-die man '' when GE brought him in to clean up Kidder in 1987 -- retires to his Lake Forest , Ill. , home , possibly to build a shopping mall on some land he owns . 
As previously reported , the account is troubled , with Philip Morris asking Backer Spielvogel Bates , Ogilvy & Mather , and possibly others to try their hand at developing new creative work . 
The company 's 7.90 % sinking fund debentures were quoted at a bid price of 14 1\/4 and an offered price of 30 , while the 10 3\/4 % subordinated debentures of 1997 were being bid for at 28 and offered at around 34 3\/4 . 
Now a rocky stock market and weak corporate profits may further threaten the economy . 
Though Lloyd 's has talked for years about computerizing underwriting transactions , the effort has n't gotten very far . 
The bank also said it will establish a loan-loss reserve of $ 2.5 million to $ 4 million against a construction loan that is in default . 
The Delaware Supreme Court affirmed a ruling that barred Chris-Craft Industries from voting its Warner preferred stock as a separate class in deciding on the companies ' proposed merger . 
As the air clears from last week 's storm of resignations and reshufflings , the government faces a daunting job of rebuilding confidence in its policies . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
`` We 've got to move quickly . '' 
The DAX index eased 0.99 point to end at 1523.22 after falling 5.5 points early in the session . 
But attention also rivets on who finishes last , and Pine Bluff , Ark. -- which finished third to last in 1981 and second to last in 1985 -- is certainly in the running . 
Fittingly , the Tela Accords were nicknamed by Hondurans `` the Dodd plan . '' 
There are also about $ 124 million of 6 1\/2 % bonds priced to yield 7.25 % in 2012 ; about $ 97 million of 6 % bonds priced to yield 7.20 % in 2014 ; and about $ 26.5 million of 5 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2016 . 
And , while the mutinous Fed member has n't gone public , some Fed governors , most notably Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , are known to have disagreed with the chairman 's decision to remain silent . 
September 's growth followed a 8.7 % rise in July and an 8 % increase in August , showing continued expansion at high year-on-year levels . 
But right now programmers are figuring that viewers who are busy dialing up a range of services may put down their remote control zappers and stay tuned . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
Citizens & Southern Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Security Pacific Corp. 's New York-based factoring unit . 
In terms of sheer brutality , the Somali regime of Siad Barre may rank as No. 1 in the world . 
It 's a kind of an investment . '' 
When she is n't performing for an audience , she prepares for a song by removing the wad of gum from her mouth , and indicates that she 's finished by sticking the gum back in . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French-speaking passengers clambered into the chase car . 
The new proposal , which would transfer majority ownership of United Air 's parent to employees and leave some stock in public hands , would be valued at $ 225 to $ 240 a share , or as much as $ 5.42 billion . 
Integrated senior and junior creditors are owed a total of about $ 1.8 billion . 
Experts on sales technique say anyone representing a troubled company must walk a fine line . 
The $ 82.8 million of Series B bonds , which are n't subject to the alternative minimum tax , were priced at par to yield from 6.85 % in 2000 to 7.20 % in 2009 . 
In February 1987 , Bally thwarted a possible hostile takeover bid from Mr. Trump by agreeing to buy 2.6 million of Mr. Trump 's 3.1 million Bally shares for $ 83.7 million -- more than $ 18 million above market price . 
`` They 're dead wrong . '' 
Algeria also wants to build a pipeline through Morocco and across the Strait of Gibraltar to supply Spain , France and West Germany with up to 15 billion cubic meters a year by the late 1990s . 
The restaurant operator cited transaction costs from its 1988 recapitalization as a result of a $ 160 million restructuring of its bank debt . 
The Treasury said it plans to sell $ 2 billion of 51-day cash-management bills today , raising all new cash . 
`` I wish they were around 24 hours a day . '' 
The largest sale in the competitive arena was a $ 55.7 million issue of school financing bonds from the Virginia Public School Authority . 
Time Warner Inc. and Sony Corp. may be today 's public enemies , but the two entertainment giants could end up becoming partners in a number of ventures as part of a settlement of their acrimonious legal dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters . 
And the sets are wider , resembling the dimensions of a movie screen . 
Sales for the quarter slipped 2.7 % to $ 601.3 million from $ 618.1 million . 
Amtech Systems Inc. , Tempe , Ariz. , said its preliminary year-end results of operations indicate `` substantial improvement '' over the previous fiscal year . 
For any given move in the overall market , it suggests how steeply that particular issue might rise or fall . 
A group of investors recently bought the remaining assets of Spendthrift , hoping to rebuild it . 
`` I 'm happy that he feels positively about our company , '' he said . 
Last year , the tourists left $ 3 billion with the area 's casinos , nearly 10 % more than in 1987 . 
The previous period 's results included a $ 108 million pretax charge related to unrecoverable contract costs and a $ 12.3 million pretax gain on real estate sales . 
There is evidence to support that view . 
Mr. Agnelli and the Aga Khan also have some business ties , and a spokesman for the Agnelli company did n't rule out that the current agreement could lead to further collaboration . 
Half-year production was up 3.4 % compared with the same period a year earlier . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner . 
Without the Adobe gain , Apple 's full-year operating profit edged up 1.5 % to $ 406 million , or $ 3.16 a share , from $ 400.3 million , or $ 3.08 a share . 
NUCLEAR REACTOR FOR ISRAEL ? 
AM stereo remains largely undeveloped because it lacks a uniform delivery system . 
As the narrator Stevens , the solitary butler of Darlington Hall , mulls over such hallowed terms as `` greatness , '' `` dignity , '' `` service '' and `` loyalty , '' we see how pious cant subverts the soul . 
`` But it 's like biting the hand that feeds them , because every one of these companies uses direct marketing . '' 
Their 85 total bases broke a record for a four-game set , and their nine home runs tied one . 
Edward J. Tirello Jr. , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , speculated that the sudden dividend elimination presages an expensive agreement with thrift regulators over the company 's insolvent MeraBank savings and loan unit . 
Whatever respectability and ties to intellectuals and opinion-makers the publications and conferences bring really are salvage -- not the Rev. Moon 's original final goals , but the ones for which he will have to settle . 
As we will see , many of these obligations do n't show up as part of the federal deficit . 
He wound up and let loose a fastball . 
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers . 
In the transaction , Integrated will transfer 100 % ownership of the subsidiary to Gerard M. Lavin , executive vice president of Integrated and head of back-office operations at the subsidiary , and Gary W. Krat , executive vice president of the parent and president of the subsidiary . 
And real estate usually has n't traded well under public ownership . 
In particular , advisers say , investors may want to look at securities that reduce the risk that CD holders are confronting right now , of having to reinvest the proceeds of maturing short-term certificates at lower rates . 
James Fallon , a New Providence , N.J. , marketing consultant to the chemicals industry , says Du Pont still holds an edge in making the pigment because the company was `` first in with the technology '' to lower costs . 
The jewelry chain , which is based in Sacramento , Calif. , had revenue of $ 62 million and operating profit of $ 2.5 million for the year ended June 30 . 
Indeed , the gap is so large that Mr. Allen 's critics refuse to engage the debate . 
World-wide production would be cut in half by 1998 . 
He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance . 
The share price was languishing at about 400 pence before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest in a minority stake . 
Texas Instruments , which had reported Friday that third-quarter earnings fell more than 30 % from the year-ago level , went down 2 1\/8 to 33 on 1.1 million shares . 
We do n't have an absolute deadline and if market conditions are truly awful we might decide it is not the right time , '' to take particular steps , said Michael Prideaux , a B.A.T spokesman . 
Still , even the title raises questions about the author 's vision of her subject . 
But Mr. Monsky sees much bigger changes ahead . 
Digital Equipment Corp. reported a 32 % decline in net income on a modest revenue gain in its fiscal first quarter , causing some analysts to predict weaker results ahead than they had expected . 
The U.S. Coast Guard closed six miles of the Houston Ship Channel , where about 150 companies have operations , because the thick , black smoke obscured the area . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Duplicating research is both costly and time-consuming for a start-up , Ms. Emyanitoff says . 
Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher , who attended the ceremony , called the undertaking a `` historic step '' in the evolution of U.S.-Soviet ties . 
The government 's 136-page filing covers events leading up to the current case and an earlier indictment in March 1985 , when GE was accused of defrauding the Pentagon by illegally claiming cost overruns on Minuteman missile contracts . 
They got a machine more responsive , more stable and in many ways easier to ride than the thin-tired racing bikes that then were the rage . 
Salespeople try to push their products and avoid discussions of finances . 
On her husband 's 50th birthday ( after an auspicious 23 years of marriage , it should be noted ) , Betsy , Al and their college-bound son set out for New York to visit Fordham University . 
The effective date of the registration is to be determined by the SEC . 
That brought in considerable fund selling , which continued until the close of trading . 
`` Ten million ai n't jack , man , when you got $ 3 billion sitting in the bank , '' says Mr. Frank , senior vice president at International Management Group , citing CBS 's enormous cash reserves from selling off various businesses . 
Kodak wo n't disclose the cost or when its converter will be on the market , but it 's estimated the machine may be available within two years . 
The highest-yielding funds are still above 9 % . 
The company estimates its total debt at about $ 5.2 billion . 
The head of the nation 's largest car-dealers group is telling dealers to `` just say no '' when auto makers pressure them to stockpile cars on their lots . 
Aoki gained 60 yen to 1,480 yen ( $ 10.40 ) . 
They will get `` new and improved tools to sell , particularly to the affluent investor , '' says brokerage chief Charles V. Sheehan . 
Interpublic declined comment . 
`` I threw such a fit , '' says Mr. McDuffie , who had begun violin studies at the age of six . 
Mr. Reynolds also notes that since British banks have no reserve requirements , high interest rates are less likely to curb inflation than to cause recession . 
They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 24 , 25 , 29 , 30 and 31 , and Jan. 4 , 5 and 6 . 
The repair shops are n't united , however . 
Some changes to the plan were minor adjustments , but the most significant was an amendment that provides that if any investor holds 25 % or more of Rubbermaid 's voting securities , each right held by others would entitle the holder to buy Rubbermaid shares with a market value of twice the right 's exercise price . 
CoreStates Financial slipped 3\/8 to 43 1\/8 in active trading after reporting that third-quarter earnings improved to $ 1.27 a share from $ 1.15 a share a year earlier . 
Using a recent average private-school cost of about $ 12,500 a year , T. Rowe Price 's planner prescribes $ 450 monthly if the plan begins when the child is six . 
But the economy `` is slowing enough to give the Federal Reserve leeway to reduce interest rates . '' 
Although the government said the economy grew an estimated 2.5 % in the third quarter , in line with expectations , analysts are increasingly predicting much more sluggish growth -- and therefore more corporate earnings disappointments -- for the fourth quarter . 
Maybe , maybe not . 
Hewlett-Packard is a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer maker . 
The senator 's spokesman said yesterday that he pushed for the sale of Lincoln because `` hundreds of Arizona jobs { at Lincoln } were on the line . '' 
`` Even if it 's only 1 % , '' says GM 's Mr. Barabba , `` would you throw away sales the size of Polaroid ? '' 
But as stock prices recovered some of the early losses , so did the U.S. currency . 
Union Carbide 's earnings plunged 35 % in the third quarter , reflecting weakness in the company 's core chemicals and plastics businesses . 
Mr. Gintel has filed suit in Delaware Chancery Court , seeking to block Xtra 's anti-takeover tactic . 
In that case , international banks and investors incurred big losses because they incorrectly believed the company 's debt carried implicit state guarantees . 
Ironically , many of the pilots involved have left Eastern or are still striking the carrier , which filed for bankruptcy protection March 9 . 
Roger M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman . 
The three units had combined 1988 sales of about $ 904 million . 
Private-property rights would be upheld because the legislation would not ban coastal development . 
I want to publish one that succeeds , '' said Mr. Lang . 
They were what he called an `` unlawful termination '' by MGM\/UA of the acquisition agreement with Qintex , high Australian interest rates , a pilots ' strike at Australian domestic airlines that cut revenue at the company 's Australian resorts and delays in completing a sale of two regional TV stations in Queensland state . 
`` What happened with United was a gracious way for him to bow out . '' 
Mr. Bergsma said prices for U.S. pharmaceutical companies remain too high , making it unlikely that Akzo will pursue any major acquisitions in that area . 
Just last week , a House Ways and Means subcommittee held a lengthy meeting to hear the pleas of individual cities , companies and interest groups who want to open their own special loopholes . 
In a study , the comptroller said , `` The city 's glory days are over . '' 
But in art-world parlance , Mr. Paul 's holdings are `` burnt . '' 
About 45 % of requests for SBA relief loans , which also are available to homeowners , come from small businesses , compared with a 25 % business share after most disasters . 
The common view , says Abby Cohen , strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , is that there will be `` mild economic growth , modest profit expansion , and things are going to be hunky-dory . 
It is also the kind of libel politicians find useful , since it helps them strike a friendly posture on behalf of an important constituency . 
`` I think there 's a disease called buyer 's regret , and I 'm sure it 's running rampant at this moment , but it gets cured in a short period of time , '' says Kenneth Leventhal , co-managing partner of Kenneth Leventhal & Co. , a Los Angeles accounting firm specializing in real estate . 
A victor in the fight for Jaguar may not emerge until after the expiration late next year of British government takeover restrictions . 
It also would have reduced mandatory overtime . 
With its recently revised guidelines for RICO , Justice makes it clear that the law currently holds too many incentives for abuse by prosecutors . 
Meanwhile , the Kabul regime is increasingly successful at portraying the resistance as bloody-minded fanatics . 
December corn futures added 2.25 cents a bushel to close at $ 2.4225 a bushel on the Board of Trade . 
Hudson 's researchers estimated that it would cost less than $ 650 million a year to test the entire population between the ages of 12 and 65 years old . 
Reversing an eight-year federal policy , the measure supports Medicaid abortions in cases of rape and incest , but Mr. Bush has so far refused to support any specific exemption beyond instances in which the mother 's life is in danger . 
The president of Herzog , Heine , Mr. Geduld expects the market to be `` very choppy '' for a while . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.38 % 30 days ; 8.28 % 60 days ; 8.23 % 90 days ; 8.13 % 120 days ; 8.03 % 150 days ; 7.93 % 180 days . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3427.39 , up 
Men who have played hard all their lives are n't about to change their habits , he says . 
People who remain in junk funds now could get hit again , some analysts and fund specialists say . 
As Helen Boehm , who owns an art porcelain company , sipped her luncheon cocktail , she reeled off the names of a few pals -- Prince Charles , Princess Diana , Sarah Ferguson , John Kluge , Milton Petrie . 
Remarketers make modifications to IBM 's computer hardware and resell the products . 
`` Brooks Brothers no longer has a lock on the { Ivy League } customer who is status-conscious about his clothes , '' says Charlie Davidson , president of the Andover Shop , a traditional men 's store in Cambridge , Mass . 
In life , she offers practical dieting advice : `` Divide your meals into important and unimportant . 
It said sales of home electronic products advanced 3.7 % to 44.92 billion yen from 43.34 billion yen . 
In a separate matter , the Justice Department yesterday said Boeing agreed to pay the government $ 11 million to settle claims that the company provided inaccurate cost information to the Air Force while negotiating contracts to replace the aluminum skins on the KC-135 tanker aircraft . 
Sir John has spurned Ford 's advances since the U.S. auto giant launched a surprise bid for as much as 15 % of Jaguar last month . 
In making polyethylene sheets out of plastic chips , for instance , a chip sometimes does n't melt , gets caught in the machinery and creates a run in the sheets . 
But it has n't worked out that way . 
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do . 
The ministry has never even suggested that Japanese banks be cautious about leveraged buy-outs in general , Mr. Utsumi said . 
Recently , the boards of both the parent company and the thrift also voted to suspend dividends on preferred shares of both companies and convert all preferred into common shares . 
In 1984 , the Costa Rican government requested help to establish a radio station in the northern part of the country , flooded by airwaves of Sandinista propaganda . 
A survey contained in the 291-page report , `` Copyright and Home Copying : Technology Challenges the Law , '' found that most people consider home copying for such personal use a `` right '' -- a right , moreover , that was exercised by 40 % of Americans over the age of 10 in the past year . 
He assumed that principal and interest were `` fully insured up to $ 100,000 , '' he adds . 
It did n't help that on Saturday , after three days of sunshine , it rained . 
The zero-coupon bonds were priced to yield to maturity from 6.25 % in 1994 to 6.90 % in 2006 , 2007 and 2009 . 
Mortgage securities generally ended 6\/32 to 9\/32 point higher , but lagged gains in the Treasury market because of a shift in the shape of the Treasury yield curve and rumored mortgage sales by thrifts . 
Southern Pacific Transportation Co. , the hardest hit of the three railroads in the Bay area , said service on its north-south coastline , which is used by an Amtrak train between Los Angeles and Seattle , was suspended temporarily because of kinked rails near the epicenter of the quake . 
Her father , William Rosenthal , designed the then-dress making company 's first bra in the 1920s , which he said gave women a `` maiden form '' compared with the `` boyish form '' they got from the `` flat bandages '' used for support at the time . 
Underwriters led by Lazard Brothers & Co. will pick up the rest of the airline 's offer of four convertible capital bonds for every nine common shares . 
A New York Stock Exchange arbitration panel ordered Dean Witter to pay $ 404,294 in back bonuses to William Kelly , the company 's former head of high-yield , high-risk junk-bond trading and sales . 
At certain points during the Friday the 13th drop , circuit breakers kicked in on the futures market , slowing trading at times . 
Of that amount , $ 20 million was payment for the land underneath the building and the rest was for the building itself . 
Volume 164,830,000 shares . 
Assuming that he paid a rough average price of $ 80 a share , and assuming he did n't sell before his announcement reached the market , Mr. Trump could be sitting with a modest loss with the stock at $ 76.50 . 
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % . 
Shareholders will also receive one cent per share for the redemption of preferred stock purchase rights . 
Two other global liquor giants , Canada 's Seagram Co. and Britain 's Allied-Lyons PLC , also are possible buyers . 
IBM has already indicated it will have problems in the quarter , partly because of a delay in shipping a high-end disk drive and partly because the strong dollar will cut significantly the value of IBM 's overseas earnings when translated into dollars . 
Home Nutritional currently has 10 million shares outstanding . 
Of course , it does n't hurt that Mr. Kloves has made up for his lack of experience behind the camera with technicians who know exactly what they 're doing . 
While the State Department positions itself for the post-Barre period in Somalia , it should continue to back former President Carter 's well-intentioned role as a mediator between Mr. Mengistu and the Eritrean guerrillas in Ethiopia , while concomitantly opening up channels of communications with the Tigrean rebels through neighboring Sudan . 
The 4.9 million-share volume flowing through the Jacobson specialist operation was about five times normal for the stock . 
`` You are a dinosaur ... a hangover in a $ 10 suit ... 
Harry Schwartz , a soft commodity specialist for Cargill Investors Services in New York , said the only report Ghana has issued about the arrival of cocoa from the interior was for 7,839 metric tons as of Oct. 12 . 
Mr. Guzman Cabrera says the union 's sacrifices will be offset by a wage and benefit package that amounts to a 22 % increase in compensation . 
The suits relate to a $ 200 million loss , disclosed in December , that was suffered by West Virginia 's consolidated investment pool . 
In a prepared statement , the company said it expects to realize those gains before year end . 
Meanwhile , American Health Partners , publisher of American Health magazine , is deep in debt , and Owen Lipstein , founder and managing partner , is being forced to sell the magazine to Reader 's Digest Association Inc . 
Analysts hailed the sweetened pension package , which they said had been the subject of rumors for several months . 
If the IRS seeks late-payment interest because of the lost check , you should request interest abatement , publisher Prentice Hall notes . 
General Electric Co. 's rail-car leasing unit completed the $ 178.5 million purchase of similar businesses from Leucadia National Corp. and Brae Corp. , 74%-owned by Leucadia , the sellers said . 
In early trading in Tokyo Thursday , the Nikkei index rose 145.45 points to 35587.85 . 
Anatol Pawlowski 's leg begins jiggling beneath his desk . 
StatesWest serves 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada . 
New York Times Co. 's third-quarter earnings report is reinforcing analysts ' belief that newspaper publishers will be facing continued poor earnings comparisons through 1990 . 
Henry Pitman , the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case , said about 1,000 customers were defrauded and that Barclay 's total proceeds from the sales were $ 3.4 million . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Soo Line shares jumped well above the proposed price , closing at $ 20.25 , up $ 2.75 . 
Like Lebanon , and however unfairly , Israel is regarded by the Arab world as a colonial aberration . 
`` I 'm not looking for a runaway Christmas at all , '' he says . 
The oil and auto industries , united in their dislike of President Bush 's proposal for cars that run on alternative fuels , announced a joint research program that could turn up a cleaner-burning gasoline . 
That included capital gains that were passed along to customers . 
People close to the investor say that was an experiment he is unlikely to repeat . 
One price-depressing development was the lower-than-expected increase of only 0.2 % in the consumer price index for September , an analyst said . 
A severe recession could , of course , raise delinquency rates , but so far the current levels of consumer debt do n't seem to loom as a major threat . 
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material . 
With West German unemployment remaining high at two million jobless and the lack of affordable housing becoming a primary issue for next year 's campaign , the Republicans are seen drawing support for their `` Germans First '' stand on social-welfare issues . 
Increasingly careful attempts to measure neutrons , which would be strong evidence of fusion reactions , continue to be negative . 
This summer , the industry introduced a `` kids fly free '' program , in which children were allowed to fly free if they were traveling with an adult . 
At the heart of Israel 's report is a list of a dozen incidents Jerusalem attributes to Fatah , including the use of bombs and Molotov cocktails . 
While many of these buildings sustained heavy damage , little of that involved major structural damage . 
At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . 
In the end , Sir John -- rather than the government or Jaguar shareholders -- may hold the key that unlocks the golden share . 
Meanwhile , several other major installations around the Valley -- America 's center of high-tech -- said they , too , fared as well as could be expected . 
The use of the abominable construction practices in the Soviet Union -- as evidenced by the collapse of sand apartment blocks during the Armenian earthquake -- as a metaphor for the U.S. economic system was a sublime example of Mr. Cockburn 's satirical muse . 
The IRS said it will waive certain tax penalties for earthquake victims unable to meet return deadlines or make payments because of the quake 's devastation . 
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking . 
On Tuesday , for instance , the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 80 points in little more than an hour . 
The paper producer reported that net income fell to $ 102.1 million , or $ 1.09 a share , from $ 122.4 million , or $ 1.29 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
`` I think the current plan is sufficiently flawed in a sufficient number of bondholders ' eyes that substantial revisions will be required to get it done , '' says analyst Craig Davis of R.D. Smith & Co. here . 
At the same time , a small group of Senate Democrats are working on a similar plan and may introduce it soon . 
In an unusual display of openness , IBM also will be helping customers tie together operations that include lots of equipment made by IBM 's competitors . 
However , unlike a buy-stop order , a buy market-if-touched order is entered at a price below the current price , while a sell market-if-touched order is entered at a price above it . 
Instead , it is to seek out corporate financing business and sell investment products on behalf of the family 's mainstay banking units : N M Rothschild & Sons Ltd. in London , Rothschild & Cie. in Paris and Rothschild Bank AG in Zurich . 
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point . 
Diversification pays . 
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150-member bar association . 
`` Until now , we were trying to increase productivity with the facilities we already had . 
Insureres selling these policies market them directly to the public or otherwise do n't use commissioned salesmen ; there is still a load -- annual administrative fees and initial `` setup '' charges -- but I figure that the lack of commission and of `` surrender fees '' for dropping the policy early still saves me a lot . 
New orders for durable goods fell back slightly in September after shooting up the month before , reflecting weakening auto demand after a spurt of orders for new 1990 models , the Commerce Department reported . 
On the other hand , Valley National tumbled 24 % after reporting a sizable third-quarter loss . 
-- Edward F. Dempsey . 
Under the existing contract , Rockwell said , it has already delivered 793 of the shipsets to Boeing . 
Now that the Supreme Court opened the door on the subject of abortion , politicians are squinting under the glare of democratic choice . 
Drexel therefore agreed instead to an arrangement allowing it to plea to charges `` which the company is not in a position to dispute '' because of RICO . 
Not everyone is so pessimistic . 
If Sen. Bradley would permit a vote on capital gains , though , it would pass , Christmas retail sales would be strong instead of burdened by a falling stock market , the 1990 economy would be robust , and the revenue gains at every level of government , including New Jersey 's , would be surprisingly high . 
Not only did Mr. Ortega 's comments come in the midst of what was intended as a showcase for the region , it came as Nicaragua is under special international scrutiny in anticipation of its planned February elections . 
The bonds are rated single-A by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P , according to the lead underwriter . 
`` I demand the utmost severity in the fight against drug traffickers , '' President Mitterrand said after the meeting in Valladolid , Spain . 
Although September 's weakness followed two strong months for home sales , the decline supports other indications that the drop in mortgage rates earlier this year has had only a limited beneficial effect on the housing market . 
Among active Amex issues , the American depositary receipts of B.A.T Industries fell 1\/4 to 11 3\/4 on turnover of 885,800 . 
Since world oil prices collapsed in 1982 , the government has siphoned Pemex 's coffers to make payments on Mexico 's $ 97 billion foreign debt . 
Congress has enough difficulty dealing with the realities of the world as it currently exists . 
Carlos A. Salvagni , vice president , pharmaceutical manufacturing , will assume responsibility for manufacturing in Kalamazoo , Mich. , effective Nov. 1 . 
He assumed the missing piece contained a gene or genes whose loss had a critical role in setting off the cancer . 
Flowers Industries Inc. said it will report a charge of eight cents to 10 cents a share for its fiscal first quarter , ended Sept. 23 , from the sale of two bakeries , in High Point , N.C. , and Gadsden , Ala . 
So view permanent insurance for what it is -- a compromise between pure insurance and direct investment . 
Mr. Peterson took the plaintiffs ' and other investors ' money to a meeting of the bank 's directors . 
I sell -- a little . 
A banking department spokesman added : `` Commissioner Brown does n't feel that money alone is the issue here . '' 
Does this team have a viable strategy for improving shareholder values , and does this strategy require implementation over an extended period ? 
John Bullock , senior partner of Deloitte in the U.K. , said `` the decision to start these proceedings has n't been taken lightly . '' 
The IL-4 receptor on the surface of such cells receives the hormone 's message to rally the body 's defense . 
The state 's suit alleges that Exxon 's response to the spill failed to prevent contamination of hundreds of miles of shoreline along Prince William Sound . 
Nevertheless , the increasing likelihood that these two major supply disruptions will be resolved weighed on the market , the analysts agreed . 
Charlie Brown is selling out . 
A grand jury here indicted Norton Co. 's former director of advanced-ceramics research , charging him with interstate transportation of stolen property . 
It 's also unnecessary . 
`` How do you prove a negative ? '' 
AmBase Corp. , New York , awarded the ad account for its Home Insurance Co. unit to Biederman , Kelly & Shaffer , New York . 
For corporations , the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 33 % from the current top rate of 34 % . 
The Big Board is considering reviving a curb on program trading when the market is volatile . 
That is because many companies will standardize on certain types of equipment as the various parts of the manufacturing market merge , and IBM is the biggest player . 
That introduction comes only two weeks after Compaq Computer Corp. , believing it had a lead of three to six months on competitors , introduced the first U.S. notebook computer with such features . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Polaroid closed at $ 47 , up $ 1.125 . 
What if the system does n't work ? 
The company said it would repurchase half of its common shares at $ 70 each , sell an estimated $ 1.1 billion in assets and pay a special preferred-stock dividend to common-stock holders . 
He added that the U.S. has cut off aid to some rebel units when it was determined that those units broke the cease-fire . 
Arab officials in Saudi Arabia said three-week-old talks by Lebanese lawmakers aimed at ending Lebanon 's civil war appeared about to collapse . 
The embargo lasted only six months , but the price hikes became a fact of life . 
`` By their nature , our trades are very short-term and are going to create high turnover , '' Mr. Carder adds . 
The peninsula comes off the vast southeastern alluvial plain with fields of rice and cotton and sorghum as far as the eye can see . 
SsangYong , which has only about 3 % of the domestic market , will sell about 18,000 of its models this year , twice as many as last year . 
-- `` Community involvement '' is an even worse idea . 
The presence of Unilever and P&G is likely to increase the impact of advertising on cosmetics . 
If foreign tourists and businesses could sell their currencies freely at the new , better exchange rate , that would enable the State Bank to increase its dollar reserves and would mop up some of the excess rubles in the economy at the same time . 
An indication of Akzo 's success in reshaping itself will come Thursday when it reports third-quarter results . 
But as the fright began to spread through the S&P pit , the big brokerage firms came in and bought futures aggressively . 
A 60-day to 65-day supply is considered normal . 
We have literally altered the chemistry and physics of our planet 's atmosphere . 
SHEARSON LEHMAN HUTTON Inc . 
Mr. Schulte , who met with Acadia representatives on Oct. 10 , said , `` It 's certainly a responsible offer . 
Judge O'Kicki , a stern and forbidding-looking man , has been a fixture in the local legal community for more than two decades . 
Government officials who wonder how important it is for them to encourage development in high-risk areas should visit Vermont-Slauson and Grand Boulevard Plaza and decide for themselves . 
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second . 
For now , he says , `` we 're looking at buying some small companies with niche markets in the personal-computer business . '' 
`` We 're on a tight budget , '' says Detroit Edison 's Carol Roskind . 
One section of the bill would make all commodity brokerage firms and floor brokers liable for damages without willful misconduct . 
The Qintex Australia spokesman added that his company had opposed the Chapter 11 filing . 
It was hard to see how photosynthesis would ever happen in South Gardens without decking the walls in a Christmas-like array of Gro-Lites . 
A sharp reduction in inflation was by far the brightest spot in the report on the real gross national product -- the inflation-adjusted market value of all the goods and services the economy produced . 
Grace Energy just two weeks ago hauled a rig here 500 miles from Caspar , Wyo. , to drill the Bilbrey well , a 15,000-foot , $ 1-million-plus natural gas well . 
The date was misstated in Friday 's edition . 
When Richard Rahn advised the financial press that the market crash was caused by the setback to capital gains , he was generally ignored and mildly ridiculed . 
So it 's entirely possible that `` Look Who 's Talking '' is n't as entertaining as it seems in comparison to the turgid other films opening now . 
Excise-tax returns due by Oct. 31 or Nov. 30 may be delayed to Jan. 16 . 
But the Japanese Fisheries Association criticized moves to ban the practice in international waters . 
When the Trinity Repertory Theater named Anne Bogart its artistic director last spring , the nation 's theatrical cognoscenti arched a collective eyebrow . 
The triple-A-rated issue offered a yield of only about 0.5 percentage point above four-year Treasury issues . 
Guaranteed minimum 6 % . 
`` Most traders will be looking to buy { on } pullbacks , '' he said . 
Eastern has disputed the claim , but a federal district court , an appeals court and now the arbitrator have all sided with the pilots . 
While there are n't any major deals in the works currently on the scale of Sony Corp. 's recent $ 3.4 billion agreement to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , observers do n't rule out a transaction of that size . 
The latter provision is `` legally unprecedented , '' said Alan B. Morrison , a public interest lawyer in Washington , D.C. , who is challenging the plan on behalf of 900 claimants . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Tribune closed at $ 49.375 , down $ 4.75 . 
Charles Lieberman , managing director of financial markets reasearch at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp. , New York , said Hurrican Hugo shaved 0.1 % to 0.2 % from personal-income growth , because of greatly diminished rental income from tourism . 
Among legislative provisions attached to the bill is a ban on any Treasury Department expenditure for enforcement of a 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee-benefit plans . 
`` The affluent people and the corporations can buy it , the poor radicals { in political cases } get it free , and everybody in between is at a disadvantage , and that 's not the kind of system we want , '' says Amitai Etzioni , a prominent sociologist who teaches at George Washington University . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Gillett risks losing his entire equity investment of about $ 100 million in SCI TV if the company ca n't be restructured . 
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare . 
He gets better reviews as a creative whiz , an enthusiast , an idea man . 
Colon , lung and breast cancers are the most common and lethal forms of the disease , collectively killing almost 200,000 Americans a year . 
Mr. Pilson calls that loss estimate `` wildly inaccurate , '' conceding only that CBS will lose money on baseball in the first year . 
Over the weekend , the National Abortion Rights Action League singled out eight politicians , including Pennsylvania 's Mr. Freind , as 1990 targets and held a Washington seminar designed to train its leaders in political techniques , including how to put the anti-abortionists on the defensive in state legislatures . 
Died : Rudolf von Bennigsen-Foerder , 63 , chairman of Veba AG of West Germany , in Duesseldorf , of pneumonia . 
`` If you sit down all the time , you 'll go stiff , '' says Joyce Hagood , a Roxboro , N.C. , homemaker who walks several miles a week . 
She also frequently invites directors , producers , actors , writers and other show business people for `` coffee and clips in the pleasure dome . '' 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
He was all too aware of how a large , inadequately supervised NSC staff had spun out of control and nearly wrecked President Reagan 's second term . 
When Mr. Jacobson walked into the office at 7:30 a.m. EDT , he announced : `` OK , buckle up . '' 
The move largely consigns them to roads used by motorized vehicles . 
Waxman Industries Inc. said holders of $ 6,542,000 face amount of its 6 1\/4 % convertible subordinated debentures , due March 15 , 2007 , have elected to convert the debt into about 683,000 common shares . 
Mr. Kryuchkov was quoted as saying that in place of the infamous 5th Directorate a new unit would work `` to foil the conspiracies of foreign intelligence services to create and use organized anti-government groups in our country . '' 
Ogilvy & Mather , whose declining profitability prompted its takeover by WPP Group earlier this year , will see its profit margins bounce back to the `` 11.5 % range '' in 1990 , said Graham Phillips , the agency 's new chairman-elect . 
Although British Air is waiting to see what the buy-out group comes up with , Mr. Stevens said a revised transaction with less debt leverage is likely to be more attractive to banks . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Osborn also operates Muzak franchises , entertainment properties and small cable-television systems . 
`` He did it very well , '' recalls Boris Martinez , a former Panamanian colonel who managed Mr. Noriega and his operation . 
Each is more problematic than an unexpected divisional baseball championship , but both help explain why Chicago remains a vital center of this country 's regional theater movement . 
`` Here in south Texas we say Tie-vole-ee , '' my host gently corrects . 
Federal investigators have identified the problem in last July 's crash of a United Airlines flight in Iowa : a structural flaw that developed during the making of a titanium engine disk . 
As president , Mr. Lung , 42 years old , succeeds his father , Mervin D. Lung , 66 , who founded the company in 1959 . 
These complex products require close monitoring because each must be valued separately in light of current market conditions . 
However , on balance , the charity game helps America . 
China said the question of Taiwan 's membership in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade should be considered only after China 's own membership in the 97-nation organization is restored . 
Scientists also are exploring memory and perception with the new machines . 
That announcement was roundly criticized by Mayor Koch -- who has endorsed Mr. Dinkins -- because the city faces a garbage crisis and has already spent $ 5 million planning for an incinerator that would be scrapped under Mr. Dinkins 's proposal . 
Its chief builder , Taiwan-born Feng-hsiung Hsu , nicknamed his brainchild `` the Weasel '' for its tactical flair at wriggling out of horrible positions . 
Tandy said its experience during the shortage did n't merit the $ 5 million to $ 50 million investment U.S. Memories is seeking from each investor . 
The official poverty threshold is set by the Office of Management and Budget . 
They want psyllium prices low for their purchases next year . 
When Mr. Glass decides to get really fancy , he crosses his hands and hits a resonant bass note with his right hand . 
Debenture holders also will receive the equivalent of 10 % of the common stock in Chicago & North Western 's parent company . 
The sales are an attempt to quell investor concern about Black & Decker 's increased debt burden from the Emhart purchase . 
By 1973 , the U.S. was bringing in two million barrels of Arab oil a day , more than 10 % of the 17.3 million barrels consumed daily . 
Town & Country Ford in Charlotte , N.C. , still needs to move about 850 1989 cars and trucks . 
The number of big institutions that own H&R Block shares is 207 and growing , according to a midyear tally by CDA Investment Technologies . 
Newspapers are full of headlines about companies defaulting on their debts and banks writing off real estate loans . 
Delmed said yesterday that Fresenius USA would begin distributing the product and that the company is investigating other possible distribution channels . 
Gov. George Deukmejian , who said he had been assured by state transportation officials that the structure could withstand an even larger quake , called for an immediate investigation . 
He ca n't . 
Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis . 
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level . 
Prices had been so unstable that two years ago Mr. Zaves gave up on long-term forecasts . 
Chase Manhattan , which sold 14 million additional shares at 40 1\/8 Monday through an underwriting group led by Goldman Sachs , closed down 1\/8 to 40 . 
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker . 
It was the Senate Republicans , though , who had edged away from the veto strategy . 
Details of the escrow agreement have n't been completed , the companies said . 
Overall , 12 % of consumers are n't brand loyal for any of the 25 product categories . 
The stock traded late yesterday on London 's stock exchange at 673 pence , up 19 pence . 
His client , Mr. Davis , used just such a letter from Citicorp in pursuing UAL ; Citicorp later agreed to work with a competing UAL buy-out group . 
Ford has acquired more than 13 % of Jaguar 's shares , and GM has received U.S. regulatory clearance to buy 15 % . 
Mr. Peterson declines to comment on specific allegations in the two suits , saying he prefers to save such responses for court . 
Next 's decision to rely on the more-established hard drive in every Next computer does n't signal a retreat from optical storage , said Mr. Jobs , who for years has said this technology will play a crucial role in the next decade . 
The company supplies drives to Compaq and Zenith Data Systems , the top two U.S. manufacturers of laptops , and to Toshiba Corp. , NEC Corp. and Sharp Corp. , the leading Japanese laptop makers . 
A committee of gem dealers investigates the source of some `` hot '' blue topaz stones recently reported by a Hong Kong jewelry manufacturer . 
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe . 
General Motors Corp. , meanwhile , said it will idle for yet another week its Linden , N.J. , assembly plant , bringing to three weeks the total time that plant will be idled during October . 
Under the committee bill , the Transportation secretary would have 30 days , and an additional 20 days if needed , to review any proposed purchase of 15 % or more of a major U.S. airline 's voting stock . 
`` The { ministry } wants to see the Japanese banks pull in their horns '' on leveraged buy-outs , he added . 
Chez Panisse was listed among the top 30 restaurants in the world this year by Connoisseur magazine . 
In the first quarter of 1988 , the company earned $ 10 million , or 94 cents a share . 
And even some last-minute phone calls that Mr. Bush made ( at the behest of some conservative U.S. senators ) to enlist backing for the U.S. position failed to stop the march of Mr. Arias 's agenda . 
It scared brokers , but most survived . 
Canadian Indians are taking five countries to court in a bid to stop low military flights over their homes , the Dutch Defense Ministry said . 
Most of the factory closings and job cutbacks will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture automotive plastics , hoses and other industrial and automotive parts . 
For instance , he says , International Business Machines and Unisys might look cheap , but investors might continue to do better with stocks like Walt Disney , Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola , strong performers in recent years . 
The former president of FirstSouth F.A. , a defunct Arkansas thrift , pleaded guilty to conspiring to inflate the institution 's earnings by concealing worthless loan guarantees . 
Sears officials insist they do n't intend to abandon the everyday pricing approach in the face of the poor results . 
A report in this week 's issue of the Journal of the National Cancer Institute also projects that overall U.S. mortality rates from lung cancer , the leading cause of cancer death , should begin to drop in several years if cigarette smoking continues to abate . 
For the third quarter , Rubbermaid earned $ 32.6 million , or 44 cents a share , up 16 % from $ 28.1 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
\* For in-state students 
Unreported alimony income can be spotted by computer because a payer of alimony ( who gets a deduction ) must report the former spouse 's Social Security number . 
He told the woman 's lawyer , Victor Blaine , that the short skirt was inappropriate for a court appearance . 
In peak periods that load may include 4,000 pieces . 
Nissan created its quake ad in a weekend . 
Connecticut Housing Finance Authority -- $ 132.8 million of housing mortgage revenue bonds priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group . 
`` We have no independent evidence linking Fatah to any acts of terrorism since Dec. 15 , 1988 , '' he said , referring to the specific PLO group that Mr. Arafat heads . 
Among active stocks , MCI Communications rose 7\/8 to 43 on 2.2 million shares , Mentor Graphics added 1\/8 to 16 3\/8 on turnover of 1.5 million shares . 
The holding of 13.6 million shares is up from a 6.7 % stake that Burmah announced SHV held as of last Monday . 
She thought I was n't getting my practicing done . '' 
Qintex Australia suffered another setback Friday when its Los Angeles-based affiliate filed for Chapter 11 protection . 
Besides rotten prices , he has been hit recently by hail , a bark-nibbling horde of mice , fungi and bugs . 
The tax payments will leave Unisys with $ 225 million in loss carry-forwards that will cut tax payments in future quarters . 
Tuesday 's notable losers were highpriced shares such as Pioneer , which shed 210 yen to 5,900 yen . 
In the nine months , Milton Roy earned $ 6.6 million , or $ 1.18 a share , on sales of $ 94.3 million . 
The marriage of news and theater , if not exactly inevitable , has been consummated nonetheless . 
Such selling could erode prices of high-yield junk bonds , already weakened by a rash of corporate credit problems . 
DHAWK : 
Staffers at Thompson , whose offices are in the ultramodern Embarcadero Center , watched pictures drop from the walls and then felt the skyscraper sway seven to eight feet , according to a spokeswoman . 
However , even USX executives who work closely with him are n't sure about his long-term goals . 
In the six months since the current fiscal year began April 1 , the surplus totaled # 500 million , compared with a surplus of # 3.6 billion in the year-earlier period . 
Chairman Carl L. Bixby said the decline occurred although revenue rose 30 % to more than $ 8.3 million from $ 6.4 million a year earlier . 
Tass news agency said the devaluation also will apply to foreigners ' transactions . 
Lyondell Petrochemical Co. said third-quarter net income fell 54 % , to $ 73 million , or 91 cents a share , from $ 160 million a year earlier . 
Sekisui House , which gained 150 Tuesday , lost 70 to 2640 . 
The new product has performed well in a market test in Las Vegas , Nev. , Mr. Calloway said . 
`` In both games I got exactly what I wanted , '' he said . 
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s . 
The result `` will ultimately be a very different group in size and structure , '' Bond Corp. directors said in a statement . 
General Universal Stores , another top-tier stock hit recently by concerns over retail demand in the face of high interest rates , gained 20 to # 10.44 . 
The derivative markets remained active as one new issue was priced and talk circulated about more offerings in the next day or two . 
The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 or less at major banks was 7.96 % in the week ended Tuesday , according to Banxquote Money Markets , a New York information service . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : 
Most rivals `` have a working relationship with NEC , often through cross-licensing of technology , '' the Japan Personal Computer Software Association noted recently . 
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size . 
`` That seems to be what all my friends are using to take the grandkids to the lake , '' she says . 
Some producers seem tentative about the technique , squeamish even . 
More than half the users of 17 of the 25 products included in the survey said they 're brand switchers . 
`` Retailers who had good track records of producing profits will have a better chance to buy back their companies . '' 
Environmental groups have been calling for faster action on dangerous pesticides and may welcome part of the proposal . 
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated-technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office . 
She said the company could pay as much as 25 % more for the ships . 
UAL Corp. 's difficulty in obtaining bank financing for its leveraged buy-out and its resulting price plunge is a tip-off to what 's going to happen to `` takeover stocks , '' says Mr. Canelo . 
But after much tracking , it became evident to Mr. Stoll , through various clues , that the hacker was not on the Berkeley campus or even in California . 
If sales do n't pick up , the cuts will go deeper and incentives will sprout again . 
South Africa negotiated a new debt agreement with its major foreign creditors for about $ 8 billion of its foreign debt outstanding , said Chris Stals , governor of the Reserve Bank and the country 's chief debt negotiator . 
Since the troop withdrawal , Moscow has poured in an additional $ 200 to $ 300 million worth per month -- nearly $ 2 billion since February , equivalent to the total U.S. aid to the resistance in nine years . 
`` The company will not budge on anything , '' said a spokesman for the union . 
The FBI 's role is to complement the D.C. initiative through not only these major trafficking investigations , but also by providing a full range of services through various task forces and our contacts with local police squads handling drug-related crimes . 
Although such a venture would n't match the `` fourth network '' created by News Corp. 's Fox Broadcasting Co. , MCA and Paramount may have similar ambitions . 
It appears likely that , this year or next , some form of capital-gains preference and passive-loss restoration will be enacted . 
Golenbock , with 35 lawyers , has lost several partners during the past year . 
LIT Holdings shares plummeted 36 pence to close at 54 pence ( 85 cents ) , a 40 % drop , on London 's stock exchange . 
Actually , about two years ago , the Journal listed the creation of the money fund as one of the 10 most significant events in the world of finance in the 20th century . 
Texaco Inc. has purchased an oil-producing company in Texas for $ 476.5 million , its first major acquisition since its legal brawl with Pennzoil Co. began more than four years ago . 
In the stands , people waved ANC flags , wore ANC T-shirts , sang ANC songs and chanted ANC slogans . 
Says Mr. Steidtmann : `` I 'm looking for a bi-polar Christmas . '' 
So why even consider stacking freeways now ? 
Unless the market goes right back up , he says , `` it may take us six to nine months to find the money , instead of three . '' 
Its board approved the repurchase of as many as three million common shares , or about 17 % of its shares outstanding . 
He also said traders should keep an eye on the stock market , because `` if the stock market rallies , that could spell trouble for the precious metals . '' 
The trial of the case lasted seven months and ended in September with a hung jury . 
The average 30-day simple yield was 8.26 % , compared with 8.27 % the week before , and the 30-day compound yield slid to 8.60 % from 8.61 % . 
A committee representing the unsecured creditors agreed to accept 24 cents on the dollar , Eagle said . 
Though modest , the change reaches beyond the oil patch , too . 
It would be sad for Mr. Gonzalez to abandon them to appease his foes . 
Gaining Big Board issues outnumbered decliners by 1,235 to 355 . 
Who ya gon na call ? 
`` You do n't own anything , '' says Stephen Boesel , a money manager for T. Rowe Price in Baltimore . 
Manville and a spokeswoman for the trust said that the two are discussing the proposal but a decision has n't been made . 
Our view is that we may see a profit decline . '' 
The time is now to lift the burdensome Social Security earnings limit from the backs of our nation 's seniors . 
But the stark numbers yesterday -- when 282 votes were needed -- indicate the president is in a commanding position for at least this year . 
Despite sudden changes in the strategic equation , some Western European leaders , especially British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , remain skeptical about European political and economic unity , and are unlikely to let East-West concerns change their minds . 
Thus B.A.T 's restructuring may only make the company a more manageable target for other corporate predators -- possibly such acquisitive bidders as Hanson PLC . 
People familiar with the exchange said another idea likely to be approved is expanding the monthly reports on program trading to cover specific days or even hours of heavy program trading and who was doing it . 
The loss in the fourth quarter of 1988 reflected in part expenses for an unsuccessful bid for Federated Department Stores Inc. , as well as the restructuring of some of its department store operations . 
The problem is one that East Germany shares with other half-states , such as North Korea , but one it must shoulder alone in the East Bloc . 
( But who 's counting . ) 
Since joining the Politburo in 1983 as its youngest member , Mr. Krenz had acquired the nickname `` crown prince , '' a reference to the widely held view that he was the hand-picked successor to Mr. Honecker . 
At the time , the Fed said the denial , the first ever on such grounds , signaled the agency 's new emphasis on the Community Reinvestment Act . 
Increasingly , the financial markets are reflecting the gloom . 
After four years , though , the South Gardens design is 100 % uncollaborated Jennifer Bartlett . 
IRA rules have been changed over the years . 
The conversation was taped by federal investigators in what Mr. Lang said was an effort to get Mr. Lorin to implicate Mr. Laff . 
`` Shocked . '' 
Trouble was , nobody thought they looked right . 
As if he were Iron Mike , about to enter the ring with a 98-pound weakling , he declared : `` I 'll be able to beat any computer for the next five years . '' 
`` The proper climatic conditions do n't exist in many places in the world . '' 
Paper and forest-products stocks declined after Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. lowered investment ratings on a number of issues in the two sectors , based on a forecast that pulp prices will fall sharply . 
`` That 's the most important experience I 've had with any teacher , '' he says , `` because she taught me how to listen . 
The Merc first started working on developing this contract in 1984 . 
Other insurance rates such as casualty insurance , which would cover liability claims , are n't likely to firm right away , says Alice Cornish , an industry analyst with Northington Research in Avon , Conn . 
`` Nobody is going to make a real bid before the middle of November , '' said one investment banker familiar with the discussions in Japan . 
Demand is so strong that all of the domestic makers -- Hyundai , Kia Motors Corp. , Daewoo Motor Co. and even upstart SsangYong Motor Co. -- plan to build more factories . 
But acting as a drag on prices was the improved harvest weather over the weekend and the prospect for continued fair weather this week over much of the Farm Belt . 
Mr. Holt is a columnist for the Literary Review in London . 
Mazda makes the Tracer for Ford . 
Small-business groups also will fight the medical-leave provision of legislation that would expand parental leaves . 
LUTHER BURBANK CROSS-BRED PLANTS to produce the billion-dollar Idaho potato . 
The company previously said that the recent acquisition of Mobile Communications Corp. of America would dilute 1989 earnings by about 3 % . 
In the TVS statement , Mr. Price said `` leaving MTM was a very difficult decision , '' but added that `` it is now time for a change ... . '' 
The statement is likely to sharpen the debate within France 's military establishment over the Rafale , which is made by Avions Marcel Dassault-Breguet Aviation SA . 
`` Conservatives shoot their own , '' he says . 
The Consumer Price Index `` A '' , which measures price changes for the 50 % of urban households that spend between 2,000 Hong Kong dollars ( US$ 256.18 ) and HK$ 6,499 a month , edged up 1.5 % in September from August . 
Jeffrey Nichols , president of APMS Canada , Toronto precious metals advisers , said there is little to motivate gold traders to buy the metal . 
The company 's trustee , F.E. Agnew , was unavailable for comment . 
`` I 've told my staff and clients that they still have the ability to exercise their options , because they are guaranteed by the Options Clearing Corp. , '' said Michael Schwartz , a senior registered options strategist at Oppenheimer & Co . 
Jindo Furs , a large South Korean maker , says it operates 35 retail outlets in the U.S. and plans to open 15 more by the end of next year . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , for one , is still a favorite of widows , orphans and trust departments -- but shorn of its regional telephone units and exposed to competition on every side , it is a far different investment prospect than it was before divestiture . 
A retired electrical engineer we 'll call Ben works part-time as a consultant , but he does n't want to earn so much that Social Security reduces his benefits . 
She and her husband started a small printing business and need the car for work as well as for weekend jaunts . 
Arkla said it will report $ 179 milllion in one-time charges against continuing operations for the third quarter , reflecting settlement of certain natural gas contracts . 
The direct-mail industry , not surprisingly , is fuming at the injustice of it all . 
Net income increased 6.7 % to 12.43 billion yen from 11.66 billion yen . 
So who knows ? 
Mr. Fischer plows his own fields , sows his own corn and sunflowers , and feeds his own sheep . 
And with the company 's recent announcement that it is contemplating a partial sale of its real estate , the values suddenly look poorer . 
The company had a one-time charge of $ 14.8 million in the latest quarter covering the disposition of certain assets . 
The price paid was a record for the artist . 
`` We wo n't have any more of this wayward behavior , '' says Sir Peter Hordern , a backbench Tory member of Parliament . 
So what 's a parent to do ? 
The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index lost 3.11 to 379.46 . 
Shaw-Walker , based in Muskegon , Mich. , makes metal files and desks , and seating and office systems furniture . 
Proceeds of the offering will be used to redeem C$ 264 million of preferred shares and to reduce short-term debt , the company said . 
All the figures are adjusted to remove usual seasonal patterns . 
However , traders disregarded a potential production disruption in Chile and a continued drop in inventories . 
Paribas still needs the go-ahead from the Commission des Operations de Bourse , a government regulatory agency , but analysts said that is considered likely . 
It came in London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's `` Little Bang '' the same year . 
The dollar retreated . 
Ferranti has said that it would be forced to write off # 185 million against the phantom contracts , reducing its net asset value by more than half . 
The company has $ 1 billion in debt filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
`` There 's a wide feeling of indignation across the country , '' says Bhabani Sen Gupta of the Center for Policy Research , in New Delhi . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
Some analysts are cynical about the new corporate interest in health-care overhaul . 
Yesterday , when similar securities rebounded , it bumped the valuation up again . 
To try to draw more fans , he has dropped end-zone ticket prices from $ 25 to $ 19 . 
Nissan will build only about 3,500 of the $ 38,000 Infiniti Q45 sedans each month , sending about 2,000 of them to the U.S. and keeping the rest for sale in Japan . 
The company can go about its business . 
Futures prices eased on indications of improvement in the industry 's labor situation . 
Junk bond prices moved higher , however . 
Mr. Dinkins lost twice by wide margins before finally getting elected borough president in 1985 . 
The new facility was to have been the world 's most advanced cereal manufacturing plant , and Kellogg 's largest construction project . 
At last report , Enfield had about 44.5 million shares outstanding . 
However , there 's a continuing dispute between machine tool makers and the Defense Department over whether sophisticated U.S. machine tools would increase the Soviet Union 's military might . 
In restaurants ( in this case , the Russian Samovar , a New York restaurant operated by and for Soviet emigres ) , she did n't want the chirpy , folkish music bouncing through the room . 
Predictably , when confronted with morally dubious behavior , prosecutors will exploit the latitude such openended statutes give them . 
Said the spokeswoman : `` The whole structure has changed . 
`` I see a lot of evidence indicating a slower economy , and that means my interest-rate outlook has a downward tilt , '' said Garnett L. Keith Jr. , vice chairman of Prudential Insurance Co. of America , one of the nation 's largest institutional investors . 
But the brand had trouble from the start . 
Was there a fiduciary breach in order to obtain personal gain ? 
Meanwhile , the average yield on six-month CDs of more than $ 90,000 fell to 7.93 % in the latest week , according to Banxquote , from 8.10 % the week before . 
Wells Rich 's New Partner 
Teijin was up 15 at 936 , and Kyowa Hakko gained 30 to 1,770 . 
Robert M. Jelenic , 39 , was named president and chief operating officer of this closely held publisher . 
What we 're seeing now makes a mockery of the idea of insurance : collect premiums from the healthy , dump the sick and let them pay their own bills . '' 
Quebecor will own 57.5 % of the new subsidiary . 
The average seven-day simple yield of the funds fell to 8.21 % this week from 8.26 % . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.42 % 30 days ; 8.30 % 60 days ; 8.28 % 90 days ; 8.15 % 120 days ; 8.05 % 150 days ; 7.95 % 180 days . 
The cash injection boosted Zeta 's capital more than four-fold , to 8.47 billion pesetas from 1.82 billion pesetas , greatly enhancing the group 's ability to make investments , Zeta officials said . 
Were we smart or just lucky ? 
It could easily be two years before the well-traveled artery that helps connect Oakland with San Francisco is reopened , and the cost to build a new stretch of highway could soar to more than $ 250 million , said Charles J. O'Connell , deputy district director in Los Angeles of the California Department of Transportation , nicknamed Caltrans . 
Montedison S.p.A. definitively agreed to buy all of the publicly held shares of Erbamont N.V. for $ 37 each . 
But losers were spread in a broad range by the end of the session . 
He notes that some `` revolving credit-card credit is actually convenience credit '' being used simply as a handy way of paying bills rather than a handy way of borrowing . 
Michael Fisher , general manager of KTXL , a Fox affiliate in Sacramento , Calif. , said , `` The real question is whether the Paramount-MCA offering is practical . 
The Secaucus , N.J. , company has formed a joint venture with a distributor called La Lecheria to market a higher-fat milk targeted at Hispanic consumers . 
A lavish white portico with a stained-glass window towers over the brick wall surrounding his property . 
AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : `` Ill-considered and reckless acquisition proposals adversely affect employee , financial and business relationships and are contrary to the best interests of AMR shareholders ... . 
The lucky ones gaze out at life with serene eyes and smile with a face of innocence at their perfumed happiness . 
January platinum closed down $ 2.80 an ounce at $ 486.30 , nearly $ 4 above its low for the day . 
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . '' 
The remaining properties to be acquired are the Tropicana Country Club & Golf Course , a facility jointly owned by Ramada Inc. , of Phoenix , Ariz. , and the Jaffe family , and a small parcel owned by MGM Grand director James D. Aljian . 
In advising the UAL board on the various bids for the airline , starting with one for $ 240 a share from Mr. Davis , the investment bank of First Boston came up with a wide range of potential values for the company , depending on appraisal methods and assumptions . 
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed . 
They question if Drexel is getting easier treatment than the many small penny-stock firms whose brokerage licenses are routinely revoked . 
Visitors in his chambers say he could cite precisely the years , months , weeks and days remaining until mandatory retirement would force aside the presiding president judge , giving Judge O'Kicki the seniority required to take over as the county 's top court administrator . 
The Beverly Hills , Calif.-based company said it would have 26.9 million common shares outstanding after the offering . 
As of Aug. 31 , thrifts held $ 185 billion in mortgage-backed securities . 
I come to the floor tonight as one who ended up with a busload of extraneous matter . 
This means the returns can vary a great deal . 
RA acquired the Howick coal mine Oct. 20 when it bought British Petroleum Co. 's Australian coal interests for $ 275 million . 
The bizarre arrangement grows out of Mr. Alexander 's representation of Derr Construction Co. , one of several defendants in a wrongful death lawsuit brought by Ms. Parks , the widow of a construction worker killed in January 1987 while working on a new Houston convention center . 
To cushion the blows , the government would introduce a minimum wage and unemployment benefits . 
Another 250 Libyans were already in Italy to stage a day of mourning for victims of Italy 's colonial rule between 1911 and 1943 , when Tripoli says Rome kidnapped 5,000 Libyans and deported them as forced labor . 
But what do we mean , specifically , by `` creativity '' ? 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double-C from single-B-minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade . 
In practice , the attorney general alleged in an affidavit , if an investor had access to cash `` the chances of being turned down by First Meridian were about as probable as being rejected by the Book-of-the-Month Club . '' 
`` The intensive labor needed to manufacture furs { in the U.S. . } is not as available as it was , '' says Mr. Schreibman , who is starting overseas production . 
The pollution is also killing forests and destroying buildings that date back to the Middle Ages . 
Air-freight carriers raised their rates for U.S. products going across the Pacific to Asia by about 20 % earlier this month . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Underwriting does n't get under way until after morning tea at 10 a.m . 
He flew to Fort Bragg , N.C. , in September of that year for a course in psychological operations , returning to the School of the Americas in Panama for a two-month course called `` military intelligence for officers . '' 
The administration lacks a comprehensive health-care policy . 
CFCs are the primary ingredient in a gas , often referred to by the Du Pont trade name Freon , which is compressed to liquid form to serve as the cooling agent in refrigeration and air-conditioning equipment . 
Given the seismic history of the Bay Area , `` it seems to me that a 6.9 earthquake is a foreseeable event . '' 
In derivative markets , Fannie Mae issued two $ 400 million real estate mortgage investment conduits backed by its 9 % securities . 
`` It was an absolutely marvelous line and one I used many times , '' he says . 
Coniston Partners , which with related entities controls 80 % of TW , had been planning to sell $ 1.15 billion of junk bonds , among other things to finance their acquisition of the remaining public shares . 
The result last spring was the arrest by West German authorities of five young West Germans , accused of stealing information from computers in the U.S. and Europe and selling it to the Soviet KGB . 
Become a Lobbyist 
The appointments are effective Nov. 1 . 
The prospect of such a takeover fight has sent Jaguar shares soaring in recent weeks . 
Japan does n't have enough AIDS patients to do significant experimentation in that country , they said . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.24 , off 0.25 ; spot index 130.76 , off 0.88 . 
Mr. Craven joined Morgan Grenfell as group chief executive in May 1987 , a few months after the resignations of former Chief Executive Christopher Reeves and other top officials because of the merchant bank 's role in Guinness PLC 's controversial takeover of Distiller 's Co. in 1986 . 
They could attract one-issue voters by adopting the right-to-life movement 's strongest position , even as pro-choice Republicans knew this mattered little on an issue monopolized by the court . 
The fascist concept of corporatism envisaged an `` organic '' society in which citizens were spiritually and morally unified , and prepared to sacrifice themselves for the nation . 
Alan McKim , chief executive officer of Clean Harbors said he was `` very much encouraged '' by the official 's praise of Clean Harbors for the quality of some of the data in the report . 
Mr. Craven said his move to the chairmanship means he will take a less active role in the day-to-day management of the group , but he added that the merchant bank 's strategic focus remains unchanged . 
Intel said that over the past decade , it has installed computer sensors and shutoff valves , sensitive to the shake of an earthquake , in the pipes that snake through its plants . 
Moreover , some analysts said they expect a foreign paper company with deeper pockets than Georgia-Pacific to end up acquiring Nekoosa , signaling to the rest of the industry that hostile bids are unproductive . 
`` We spend a fortune on research information , '' said Steve Burzon , publisher of Meredith Corp. 's Metropolitan Home . 
David Vranian M.B.A. Student University of Colorado Boulder , Colo . 
Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . 
`` At the time we had only daughters , '' explains the 72-year-old patriarch , `` so we had to close the bank . '' 
I feel about Sassy like I did about Working Woman 10 years ago . '' 
But it says that rapid rate increases are directly tied to the soaring cost of health care . 
Although Mr. Wolf and John Pope , UAL 's chief financial officer , stood to pocket $ 114.3 million for stock and options in the buy-out , UAL executives planned to reinvest only $ 15 million in the new company . 
The donations so far appear to be small , especially compared with the huge sums that changed hands in the Recruit Co . influence-peddling scandal that plagued the ruling party last year . 
The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do . 
Sullivan Graphics Inc. , offering of $ 110 million of senior subordinated notes , via Merrill Lynch . 
Still , he says that only a few of the quake-related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Equitec closed at $ 2.625 a share , unchanged . 
The Dallas real estate investment trust last paid a dividend on Dec. 31 , 1987 , when shareholders received $ 1 a share . 
Control Data recently announced an agreement with MIPS Computer Systems Inc. to jointly develop machines with simplified operating software . 
That purchase represented an attempt by Whitbread , a venerable British brewer , to become a major player in the global liquor business . 
In lobbying on other health-coverage topics , the National Federation of Independent Business will press for legislation that would give self-employed people a 100 % tax deduction for their own health plans , up from 25 % currently . 
There is also worry that the Pepper Commission studying long-term health care will again push lawmakers toward employerpaid solutions . 
The Humana hospital responded by jacking up prices to make up for lost revenue , Mr. Conn says , and now charges as much as $ 8,000 for the procedure , which costs only about $ 3,500 in Lexington . 
Spiegel is 84%-controlled by the Otto family of West Germany . 
Compared with huge annual surpluses of more than 100 million ounces in the first half of the 1980s , world silver supplies and consumption are now nearly in balance , Mr. Demler says . 
FIVE SHEA & GOULD PARTNERS are leaving to form a new firm . 
The latest period included the gain , which was $ 77 million before tax , from the previously announced sale of the institutional money management business of Lehman Management Co . 
The Boston Globe says its newly redesigned pages have a `` crisper '' look with revamped fixtures aimed at making the paper `` more consistent '' and `` easier to read . '' 
Moreover , Suez had just finished winning an even larger battle last year for control of Societe Generale de Belgique . 
Litigation Sciences concedes that in one in 20 cases it was flatout wrong in its predictions . 
The big question is whether the new president will have the strength and the political support in Congress to take steps to cure Brazil 's economic ills . 
In addition , the coalition of labor and management , longtime enemies who joined forces only under the threat of Mr. Davis 's bid , could break apart now . 
The energy of participating investors streamed into Tokyu Group shares , pushing prices of its companies up across the board . 
In 1988 , Kidder eked out a $ 46 million profit , mainly because of severe cost cutting . 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
Shearson was sued by money manager George Soros , who claimed one of his funds was defrauded out of $ 60 million during stock-index futures trading just after the 1987 crash . 
Addressing a conference of the New York-based Institute for East-West Security Studies in Frankfurt yesterday , Mr. Genscher said , `` History will judge us by whether we have taken the opportunities that emerge from these reforms . '' 
The states have their own ideas about regulation and certification . 
Mr. Cortese , a 33-year-old Delta Air Lines engineer , invested some $ 2,000 in penny stocks through a broker who promised quick returns . 
Given current headlines about the University of Florida , it may not be the last . 
UAL 's pilots and machinists unions appear to hold the key to any future takeover bid for the airline . 
Transport rates wo n't be an opportunity for offsetting cost increases in other segments of the economy . '' 
That 's certainly good news for such companies as Compaq Computer Corp. , Houston , which has only a four-day supply of microprocessors from the Valley on hand because of a just-in-time manufacturing approach that limits the buildup of inventory . 
But it was opposed by some environmentalists as a threat to Irian Jaya 's forests and a potential source of social unrest for the primitive tribes who inhabit them . 
Oji Paper , the nation 's largest in terms of sales , said its pretax profit rose 1.5 % to 23.11 billion yen ( US$ 163.3 million ) from 22.76 billion yen . 
The New York Stock Exchange Composite was 0.4 % lower for the day . 
They , too , promised to combine economic efficiency with order and discipline . 
Written by Barbara Benedek , co-author of `` The Big Chill , '' `` Immediate Family '' takes the position that only rich people living in nice houses should have children . 
As Yogi Berra might say , it 's deja vu all over again . 
International Forest , Western Forest , and Fletcher Challenge Canada are Vancouver-based forest products concerns . 
b - As of Thursday 's close . 
Because commercial banks and the developing-country governments believe they will get a piece of any capital increase , a scaled-down IMF mission would leave both feeling shortchanged . 
Nearby Paul Craig Roberts , a distinguished supply-sider with monetarist sympathies , argues the case for Sir Alan . 
With U.S. liquor consumption declining steadily , many American producers are stepping up their marketing efforts abroad . 
The tender offer will be followed by the sale of all of Erbamont 's assets , subject to all of its liabilities , to Montedison . 
And on Mr. Engelken 's 40th birthday , his wife bought a book detailing the big homer and sent it off to Mr. Thomson to be autographed . 
The figures do n't include substantial dividends on holdings of Bear Stearns stock . 
During the almost seven-year-old economic expansion , inflation-adjusted gross national product , disposable personal income and personal consumption expenditures have risen 30 % , but inflation-adjusted consumer installment credit has surged 66 % . 
THE PANHANDLER approaches , makes his pitch . 
The law firm has filed a friend-of-the-court brief jointly with the Washington Legal Foundation , a conservative legal group . 
Toyota plans to raise Lexus exports when a new plant starts up next year . 
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard-line Polish communist in exile directs the human-rights and peace division . 
Let us look for a moment at another type of non-violent civil disobedience that only harms other people indirectly , yet does irreparable damage to the nation as a whole . 
The U.S. and Canada , which do more trade than any other pair of nations , are to meet next month to arrange an acceleration of planned tariff cuts under the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement . 
LIVESTOCK AND MEATS : 
I realize you were just looking for something snotty to say about California and its environmental movement , but picking Frank Lloyd Wright to say it for you was a bad call . 
Many Japanese companies have taken the warnings by the country 's leaders to heart and sought development partnerships rather than landmark properties . 
He predicts a downward move in dollar-mark trade and a less dramatic slip in dollar-yen , noting that there continues to be a large pool of Japanese investor interest in U.S. securities , which could provide a solid base for the dollar at around 140 yen . 
And there 's pride . 
DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP. , Maynard , Mass. , computer maker , annual sales of $ 12.7 billion , NYSE , had structural damage at its San Francisco sales office but no appreciable damage elsewhere in the area , including its Cupertino plant . 
Meanwhile , the securities companies -- most of them smaller than the banks -- are seeking access only to limited kinds of banking that would n't open them to the full brunt of competition from the banks . 
The predicament , he added , was similar to the Hong Kong 1982-83 property-price collapse , which exposed the involvement of Bank Bumiputra 's former subsidiary in the colony in the largest banking scandal in Malaysia 's history . 
Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber would avoid Union Camp . 
CONTINENTAL MORTGAGE & EQUITY TRUST said it will resume dividend payments with a 10-cent-a-share payout on Nov. 6 to shares of record Oct. 25 . 
I was in my favorite watering hole , waiting for the game to start . 
As orders for its aircraft and submarine parts dwindled , three years of steady growth ended with a 69 % drop in income in this year 's first half . 
He noted that for the first time in months there was some light investor interest in the metals . 
But even before it begins , the campaign is drawing fire from anti-smoking advocates , who criticize Philip Morris 's attempt to bolster its beleaguered image by wrapping itself in the document that is a cornerstone of American democracy . 
Issues of insurance brokers were especially strong . 
Those changes in its condition meant the reorganization plan previously presented to creditors would have to be revamped . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
And you can look to the leadership and ask them why that is the perception of the American people . '' 
Results for the earlier quarter included a $ 100,000 restructuring charge . 
In any case , they avoid having to write off the loans . 
Prosecutors in Southern Florida indicted five Panamanians on charges of illegally running arms to Sandinista rebels trying to overthrow the Nicaraguan government of Mr. Somoza . 
The heightened competition will hit IBM at a difficult time . 
The move would greatly boost Paribas 's stake in the insurance , transport and food businesses , where Navigation Mixte is strong . 
`` This is the heyday of debt , '' says James Grant , editor of Grant 's Interest Rate Observer , a newsletter . 
According to Mr. Threlkeld , the bottleneck in copper production is n't at the mines but at the copper refineries . 
`` Magazines can no longer be considered institutions , '' said James Autry , president of Meredith Corp. 's magazine group . 
Last week another potential buyer , Whitehall Financial Group -- which had agreed in August to purchase most of Integrated 's core companies for $ 310 million -- ended talks with Integrated . 
Premark International Inc. , for example , peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle . 
The new two-year notes were priced with an average yield of 7.74 % . 
Control Data Corp. , which just months ago was hemorrhaging financially , thinks it will be healthy enough soon to consider repurchasing public debt . 
What makes the veteran FBI man so endearing is his hard-bitten cynicism -- earned , we discover , when he was assigned to the civil rights movement back in the 1960s . 
`` We expect a big market in the future , so in the long term it will be profitable . 
Recent prices for cocoa have been near levels last seen in the mid-1970s . 
But the stock market , despite some stomach-churning declines , has far outperformed other securities over extended periods . 
It said it expects full-year net of 16 billion yen , compared with 15 billion yen in the latest year . 
Columbia owes its spectacular growth in recent years to its junk-bond portfolio , the largest of any U.S. thrift . 
The latest period includes gains of $ 9.1 million from early retirement of debt and tax loss carry-forward . 
New York 's Citibank , for instance , increased the yield on small-denomination three-month CDs to 8 % from 7.9 % . 
The company would n't elaborate , citing competitive reasons . 
`` This time we do n't really have to worry about Tokyo , '' said an official at Daiwa Securities Co . 
By contrast , KKR probably has already made all the money it can on SCI TV . 
We know they are dangerous , but if handled with care , their benefits far outweigh any risk to the environment . 
Grumman Corp. won a $ 58.9 million Navy contract for 12 F-14 aircraft . 
`` Over the next few years , I would advise caution . '' 
`` Utilization management needs to better demonstrate that it reduces the wasteful use of resources , improves the appropriateness of patient care and imposes only reasonable burdens on patients and providers , '' the panel concluded . 
On this morning , he does n't sell much in Radzymin , either . 
Because of the charge , Ashland expects to report a loss for the fourth quarter and `` significantly lower results '' for fiscal 1989 . 
Zero-coupon CDs are only a small portion of the $ 1 trillion-plus in CDs outstanding , and those purchased on the secondary market are an even smaller part of the total . 
`` We 're trying to take care of a heck of a lot of constituents , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
If profits do n't improve , Mr. Whitten says he may quit the exchange . 
`` They may get passed up later when other publishers get their acts together , but for now they are the quickest offering the most extensive plan , '' he said . 
A series of recent acquisitions made it the dominant magazine publisher in Quebec . 
Ghost towns dot the Namib dunes , proving diamonds are n't forever . 
Currently , chips are produced by shining light through a mask to produce an image on the chip , much as a camera produces an image on film . 
The operation , which has been slow to respond to consumers ' shifting tastes away from fried foods , has been developing a grilled-chicken product that may be introduced nationally at the end of next year . 
The loyal servant has come full circle . 
But they say they ca n't make much headway because of a lack of willing leaders in a position to turn the tide . 
It was the most active of the 100-share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday . 
He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue . 
`` Interest by Japanese investors was limited , '' said Michael Moran , chief economist at Daiwa Securities America Inc . 
Mr. Butz said the divergence in the two measures reflects changes in family size and structure , including the rising number of female-headed families and a sharp increase in income reported by Americans who are n't living in families . 
This bias is in no way deliberate . 
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president . 
New York stocks recovered some of their losses after the London market closed . 
StatesWest Airlines said it submitted an offer to the directors of Mesa Airlines to acquire the Farmington , N.M. , carrier . 
Paying players at SMU was no casual operation . 
Edward M. Esber , chairman , president and chief executive officer , attributed the decline to reduced domestic revenue because of $ 4.9 million spent to upgrade existing software inventories to the new database IV Version 1.1 , and $ 1.8 million spent on the recent reduction in work force . 
Weakening corporate earnings , they say , are no prescription for a bull market . 
The Packwood plan also would include a proposal , designed by Sen. William Roth ( R. , Del. ) , that would create new tax benefits for individual retirement accounts . 
THE YOM KIPPUR WAR , WHEN EGYPT CRASHED into Israel on Oct. 6 , 1973 , the holiest day in the Jewish calendar , lasted barely a month . 
The project has been in and out of the pipeline for more than a decade . 
Overall OTC insurance issues were mixed . 
The FADA real-estate package , with an asking price of $ 428 million , is comprised of 150 properties in Texas , California , Colorado , Arizona and Florida . 
As part of the agreement , Mr. Gaubert contributed real estate valued at $ 25 million to the assets of Independent American . 
Sixty thousand surfers atop a concrete wall , waiting for the wipeout . 
While Wall Street 's tough times and lower U.S. interest rates continue to undermine the dollar , weakness in the pound and the yen is expected to offset those factors . 
When the going gets tough , it 's tough to trade stocks in continental Europe . 
He also noted that stocks on Aug. 1 , 1990 , are currently projected at 3.3 million bales , the smallest end-of-season supply since 1985 . 
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . ) 
NO MORE STUBBED toes or bruised shins , promises Geste Corp. of Goshen , Ind. , the designer of a bed support to replace traditional frames . 
Transportation costs actually fell 0.5 % , and housing costs gained only 0.1 % . 
Detroit tries to counter the foreign invasion with new brands of its own . 
Mr. Breeden also is trying to use a far more catastrophic event -- the California earthquake -- to move another rule change past Congress . 
Even now , the American attack upon this tremendous problem is timid in relation to the magnitude of the threat . 
`` That was the first time they lost and I won , '' he says . 
He had been president and chief operating officer of Ogilvy & Mather Direct . 
As the stock market recovered some of its losses later in the day , bond prices retreated . 
The loss compares with net income of $ 162.1 million , or $ 2.01 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Fireman 's Fund Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 85 % to $ 7.2 million from last year 's $ 49.1 million , or 99 cents a share , because of ravages of Hurricane Hugo and increased reserves for legal expenses . 
It has since asked holders not to immediately tender their shares under a recent $ 72-a-share , or $ 104 million , bid from AB SKF of Sweden , until McGill directors have completed their evaluation . 
Their ridicule of him is no substitute for argument . 
For years , the canceled checks of a small number of well-known baseball players have been bought and sold . 
Many analysts question management 's credibility . 
It might even have saved the life , and business , of Israel Ortiz . 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
And business investment -- which slowed in the third quarter , according to yesterday 's report -- is expected to continue to be sluggish . 
In 1988 , the soft-drink giant earned $ 2.90 a share . 
Richard Bernstein , senior quantitative analyst at Merrill Lynch & Co , says , `` My gut feel is that we 'll live with those swings for a while . '' 
First Executive and troubled Valley National Corp. of Arizona were next in line . 
Mr. Warren pronounces the Litchfield case `` your typical demonic infestation . '' 
A pilot representing a group of 220 pilots hired during United 's 1985 strike filed suit Friday in Chicago federal court to block the takeover . 
Source : International Data Corp . 
What defeated General Aoun was not only the weight of the Syrian army . 
The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in crude oil , gasoline and heating oil have made it the largest futures exchange in New York , and third behind the Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange . 
Thin merchandise selections at the most troubled chains are also expected to hurt sales . 
For fiscal 1990 , analysts expect P&G 's sales to continue to grow , with earnings climbing between 15 % and 20 % . 
Analysts worry that the disk-drive and leasing problems will last at least through the first quarter . 
A former chairman of the president 's Council of Economic Advisers , Mr. Stein is an American Enterprise Institute fellow . 
Mr. Allday 's appointment is subject to confirmation by the Senate . 
PRO BONO VOLUNTARISM : In an effort to stave off a plan that would require all lawyers in New York state to provide twenty hours of free legal aid a year , the state bar recommended an alternative program to increase voluntary participation in pro bono programs . 
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations . 
-- The banks will threaten not to make further loans , but in truth , lacking the capital to write off their mistakes or to build a navy , they have no alternative but to go along . 
At age eight , Josephine Baker was sent by her mother to a white woman 's house to do chores in exchange for meals and a place to sleep -- a place in the basement with the coal . 
First half ended , June 30 , 1989 : 
Later , however , the company agreed to meet on Monday with the Seattle Professional Engineering Employees Association after a federal mediator intervened , according to the union . 
Ogilvy & Mather 's top creative executive , Norman Berry , left the agency earlier this year . 
Mr. Briscoe , who also forecasts a # 1.3 billion current account gap , warns that even if the trade figures are bullish for sterling , the currency wo n't advance much because investors will want to see further evidence of the turnaround before adjusting positions . 
Senate Democrats are to meet today to consider the GOP proposal . 
The resulting scandal led to the firing of James N. von Germeten as Boston Co. 's president and to the resignations of the company 's chief financial officer and treasurer . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8340 marks , up from 1.8300 marks late Friday , and at 141.90 yen , up from 141.65 yen late Friday . 
For some banks that 10 % ceiling created problems . 
The company has already missed its initial Oct. 1 target date for completing the merger . 
Separately , the New York Times reported that the Israeli government had provided its correspondent in Jerusalem with different documents that Israel said prove the PLO has been conducting terrorism from the occupied Arab territories . 
One of its power generators was damaged , though the company said there wo n't be any financial impact . 
Few telephone lines snapped . 
But for us in Western Europe , these are Europeans next door . '' 
In the first nine months , net rose 1.5 % , to $ 458.8 million , or $ 4.76 a share , from $ 452 million , or $ 4.50 a share , a year earlier . 
Work was begun on single family homes -- the core of the housing market -- at an annual rate of 971,000 in September , a drop of 2.1 % from the previous month . 
Paul A. Herbig Indiana University Bloomington , Ind . 
Looking ahead to 1990 , Mr. Sculley predicted `` another year of significant revenue growth , '' along with improved profitability , as the recovery in gross margins continues into 1990 . 
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines . 
His last published novel featuring private detective Philip Marlowe , the inferior `` Playback '' ( 1958 ) , at times read almost like a parody of his previous work . 
FOR THOSE WHO DELIGHT in the misfortune of others , read on . 
The units are the Edelmann , Ideal and Plews divisions . 
Senators are focusing on making a capital-gains differential permanent . 
While no one has tracked how many company mail rooms throw out junk mail , direct-mail advertising firms say the number is growing . 
The Sun concluded that Mr. Pierce is only part of the problem -- and a part that 's gone . 
Mr. Sulzberger said the scheduled opening of a new color-printing plant in Edison , N.J. , in 1990 would involve heavy startup and depreciation costs . 
But Judge Keenan said that privilege is meant to protect private utterances -- not litigation papers filed with foreign governments , as Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys maintained . 
People have a sense the government is ignoring the real problems in our society . '' 
But sophistication has its limits . 
`` Recent data have indicated somewhat weaker economic activity , '' said Elliott Platt , director of economic research at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities . 
`` You could see massive gyrations here because it 's such a thinly traded market , '' says Jonathan S. Paris , a vice president of European Investors Inc. , a New York investment-management firm . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
About 130,000 vehicles cross during a 24-hour period . 
The confusion could be costly . 
By 10:30 a.m. the Dow was down 62.70 . 
Mr. Asman should make distinctions among Fidel , the army and the Cuban people . 
`` Property values did n't go up in California yesterday , '' says one money manager . 
Supposedly the IRS will sell off the assets of MPI , but before it can , a lowly IRS agent is called into the hospital room of Wylie Slaughter , the dying head of the Central Intelligence Agency . 
Mr. Arafat publicly renounced terrorism Dec. 15 , satisfying the U.S. precondition for a direct `` dialogue '' with the PLO . 
Cap added four more divisions to the Army , two active and two reserve ; two carrier groups to the Navy ; a division -- equivalent to the Marines ; and the C-5B , KC-10 , C-17 and a thousand tactical aircraft to the Air Force . 
He is a politician with the courage of true conviction , as in summarily sacking exchange controls and in particular slashing the top rate of income taxation to 40 % . 
`` There is no question that the situation is bad , but we may be painting a gloomier picture than we should , '' he said . 
The U.S. and Israel have been holding what an aide to Prime Minister Shamir called intense telephone negotiations in an effort to bridge differences over Mideast peace moves . 
In addition , Northeast promised the State of New Hampshire that rate increases would be limited to 5.5 % annually for seven years . 
To win their seats on the council , these political leaders have had to listen to all the voices in their district and devise public policies that would benefit all . 
The picocassette recorder also helped transform the company 's reputation from follower to leading-edge innovator . 
The record date is Nov. 9 . 
It belonged to her grandfather . 
Brand imagery plays a significant role in loyalty to such products as cigarettes , perfume and beer . 
California expects to rely on federal emergency funds and its $ 1.06 billion in general fund reserves to meet the estimated $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in damages resulting from the quake , according to a state official . 
Anheuser-Busch announced its plan at the same time it reported third-quarter net income rose a lower-than-anticipated 5.2 % to $ 238.3 million , or 83 cents a share , from $ 226.5 million , or 78 cents . 
But no ethical physician would switch patients who were doing well on a specific medication from a specific manufacturer to prove a point . 
For private-sector union workers , the cost of wages and benefits rose 0.9 % in the third quarter . 
Overall , the government contends that GE 's disclosure efforts largely were intended to `` curry favor '' with Pentagon officials without detailing the extent of the management lapses and allegedly pervasive billing irregularities uncovered by company investigations . 
Japanese domestic institutions , including trust banks and investment management firms , that had been on the sidelines during Monday 's fall were back in the market , analysts said . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it received a $ 12 million contract to provide virtual network services to Woolworth Corp. 's 5,600 corporate and retail sites in the 
But while September exports rose to # 8.43 billion , imports shot up to # 10.37 billion . 
While the discussions between Delmed and National Medical Care have been discontinued , Delmed will continue to supply dialysis products through National Medical after their exclusive agreement ends in March 1990 , Delmed said . 
He also had to fight harder for credibility than his partner did . 
Overall they increased 2.8 % to 12.1 million , putting U S West over the 12 million mark for the first time . 
With newspapers being the largest single component of solid waste in our landfills , and with our country overflowing with trash , all sectors of our society and all types of businesses must become more responsible in our use and disposal of precious natural resources . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 30 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.78 % , 13 weeks ; 7.62 % , 26 weeks . 
The Thousand Oaks , Calif.-based biotechnology company reported a 97 % increase in revenue to $ 42.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
Upset over the use of what it says are its exclusive trademarks , Hells Angels Motorcycle Corp. is fighting back -- in court . 
While they can target some of the most obvious miscreants , enforcers concede that they are only scratching the surface . 
Now , the first order of business is raising enough money to keep his team afloat -- a new yacht will cost about $ 3 million alone , and sailing syndicate budgets can easily run to $ 25 million for a Cup challenge . 
She has indeed turned Hochiminh City Food into a budding conglomerate , but the company itself remains state-owned . 
In his haste to seal the deal with Tiger Chairman Saul Steinberg last August , Mr. Smith ignored a promise that he had made to his own pilots three years ago : that any fliers acquired in future mergers would be `` end-tailed '' -- put at the bottom of the pilot seniority list that determines work schedules , pay and career options . 
However , Mr. Kloves directs his own material without sentimentality and at its own eccentric pace ; `` Baker Boys '' is both bluesy and funny . 
Because of a lack of information and access , many investors -- including the very ones whose buying power could restore stability and damp volatility -- are forced to stand on the sidelines when they are most needed , because of their ignorance of important market information . 
`` If USAir is worth 80 as a takeover and the stock went to 52 , the market was saying Steinhardt 's presence was n't worth anything , in terms of getting a deal done , '' says a veteran takeover speculator . 
It is n't surprising that President Bush has n't led a crusade to pump up the Contras or SDI . 
ESB spurned Inco and within five days ESB had a `` white knight '' as United Aircraft -- headed by Harry Gray , a shrewdly friendly acquirer of companies -- offered $ 34 a share . 
Dual trading gives an exchange trader the right to trade both for his own account and for customers . 
Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 . 
COMPANIES SEEKING to make insurers pay for pollution cleanup win court victory . 
Even some takeover-stock traders said they could n't quarrel with the board 's logic . 
But David Lord , managing editor of Consultants News , an industry publication based in Fitzwilliam , N.H. , said an industry standard would suggest a purchase price of between one and two times Cleveland Consulting 's approximately $ 15 million annual revenue . 
Nomura , the world 's biggest securities company largely by virtue of its protected home field , and Industrial Bank of Japan , Japan 's most innovative and aggressive bank in capital markets abroad , captain the opposing sides . 
Earnings from continuing operations of the Union Pacific Resources unit almost doubled , the company said . 
Within weeks the unfolding Iran-Contra scandal took away Mr. Noriega 's insurance policy . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
The materially smaller trade deficit may have been already discounted in the market . 
Indeed , the older couple 's portfolio could actually be riskier in that sense if the expected return wo n't generate enough dollars to meet their spending plans . 
Taken by surprise , the Socialist Party is busy changing its doctrines . 
The placement was made through Gray Seifert Securities , New York , to institutional investors . 
Officials at the Japanese semiconductor maker said the company intends to increase investment in plant and equipment by 10 billion yen ( $ 70.6 million ) , to 90 billion yen , in the year ending March 31 , with the extra funds used to increase production overseas . 
Declining issues on the Big Board were ahead of gainers , 1,012 to 501 . 
`` There 's still a lot of pressure on rates in both rail and truck , '' said Gerard McCullough , lecturer in transportation at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
The 8 ft. hedges which obstruct views in and out of small ` rooms ' insure ... that this garden will be a potential breeding ground for crime . '' 
The shares will be priced in early November , she said . 
Failure to check rising medical costs ultimately could `` lead some of us who today are free-market advocates to re-examine our thinking and positions with respect to government-sponsored national health insurance , '' Arthur Puccini , a General Electric Co. vice president , warned earlier this year . 
Excluding that bottling business , Coca-Cola Enterprises ' volume , measured by cases of soda , rose only 1 % . 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
A GM spokesman yesterday reiterated the company 's interest in acquiring a minority stake to help Jaguar remain independent . 
Just the thing for the Vivaldi-at-brunch set , the yuppie audience that has embraced New Age as its very own easy listening . 
In 1974 , as the U.S. representative to the United Nations , he wrote an introduction to a book on world population in which he boasted of his leadership during his term in Congress in expanding family-planning services for the poor . 
Exxon Corp. filed suit against the state of Alaska , charging state officials interfered with the oil company 's initial efforts to treat last spring 's giant oil spill . 
Kodak says its new CCD HDTV converter will help alleviate the problem by allowing programmers and broadcasters to convert movies and television programs shot in 35mm motion-picture film into high-definition video . 
Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
In fact , the entire population of the Bay Area had ended up with this dual role of actor and audience . 
The Dow average now stands more than 20 % higher , while Renaissance 's portfolio of Treasurys produced a return of about 6 % through the first three quarters of the year . 
No employee or vendor would be involved . 
The program provides highly subsidized loans to any student whose family earns less than a particular amount . 
Analysts insist that even without help from a shaky stock market , which provided a temporary boost for bonds during the Oct. 13 stock market plunge , bond prices will start to climb on the prospects that the Federal Reserve will allow interest rates to move lower in the coming weeks . 
In times past , life-insurance salesmen targeted heads of household , meaning men , but ours is a two-income family and accustomed to it . 
Cathay is taking several steps to bolster business . 
He points to a letter on his desk , his second in a week from President Bush , saying that they `` do n't disagree . '' 
The House Energy and Commerce Committee 's health subcommittee , headed by Democratic Rep. Henry Waxman of California , is looking into complaints that small businesses not only ca n't keep reasonably priced employee-health insurance if claims are filed , but often ca n't get coverage at all if a worker is termed medically uninsurable . 
`` Mastergate '' is subtitled `` a play on words , '' and Mr. Gelbart plays that game as well as anyone . 
-- Grace periods ranging from two to five years before the full scope of the penalties takes effect . 
The current ruble rate has long been out of line with the black market . 
The hotel and Gaming company said Merrill Lynch Capital Markets will lead the underwriters . 
Stop Order : Stop orders tell a floor broker to buy or sell an investment once the price reaches a certain level . 
But the general practice makes it more difficult to combine small groups of people into larger groups , thus spreading the risk over a larger base of premiums . 
HealthVest , an Austin , Texas , real estate investment trust , said that Chemical Bank , the lead bank under its domestic bank agreement , told it that if $ 3.3 million owed to the bank group is n't paid by today , the group will call the $ 120 million that HealthVest has outstanding under the credit line . 
TRW Inc. reported a 12 % decline in third-quarter net income , but the company said that excluding unusual gains in both quarters , operating profit rose 16 % . 
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.52 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75 % , while the rate on six-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.47 % for a yield of 7.85 % . 
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms-control talks ever attempted . 
Ready , Willing and Unable I always lift the hood When my car does n't start ; If gadgets at home do n't work I coolly take them apart . 
Some analysts said they believed Mr. Trump , whose towering ego had been viewed by some as a reason to believe he would n't back out , might come back with a lower bid . 
The offering , Series 1989-85 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
Junk-portfolio managers raised their cash position to 9.4 % of assets in September from 8.3 % in August . 
Rep. Hamilton said the bill will be modified substantially to call for two meetings each year between the Fed 's open market committee and the Treasury Secretary , the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers and the director of the Office of Management and Budget . 
`` You should really think twice if you think you can out-smart the system . '' 
Other winners Monday included nonferrous metals , which attracted investors because of a surge in gold prices on the back of the unstable dollar . 
Using it , would n't a proessional hesitate to pay tens of thousands of dollars just for a chance to invest witha planner ? 
And although criticism of futures generally comes from Wall Street , one Chicago futures trader notes that brokerage firms rely on futures as hedging tools when they buy and sell big blocks of stocks from institutions . 
Personal-computer maker AST Research Inc. said it is still studying the situation . 
Big Board officials have been under seige from both investors and the exchange 's own floor traders since the Dow Jones Industrial Average 's 190-point tumble on Oct. 13 . 
Trust income grew 15 % , to $ 49.9 million , while service charges , fees and commissions increased 22 % , to $ 79.4 million . 
MCA said revenue rose 14 % to $ 918.4 million from $ 806.7 million . 
One person who is past worrying about London 's blues is Christopher Hartley . 
At Movieline , she wants `` specific paragraphing , specific tone , a specific attitude -- bright and bold and tongue-in-cheek . '' 
Imports rose sharply in the period , to $ 5.19 billion from $ 4.04 billion a year earlier , a change of 28 % . 
Petco Options , an options trading firm owned by the family of the deceased former Chicago Board of Trade chairman Ralph Peters , is getting out of the trade clearing , or processing and guaranteeing , business after sustaining a multimillion dollar loss Friday , options industry officials said . 
`` We think it 's a step in the right direction for Bethlehem , '' said Felix Bello , WEFA Group 's international steel analyst . 
Attorneys for Messrs. Burke and Evans and Ms. Clarke said that although their clients admitted to making some misrepresentations in the sales , they had believed that the works were authorized by Mr. Dali , who died in January . 
John J. Phelan Jr. , chairman of the Big Board , asserts that `` 1988 and 1989 have been two of the least volatile years in the last 30 or 40 years . '' 
Odds and Ends 
Nor has Beijing hinted to its citizens that it will publish the identities of those killed . 
In a statement issued after the meeting , the aerospace giant said it wo n't increase its offer although adjustments within the proposed pay-and-benefit mix are possible . 
Only a week ago , when airline buy-out fever was already winding down , Mr. Steinhardt was engaged in a duel with USAir . 
Maybe Americans are just so annoyed with government that they are n't interested in admitting that bureaucrats come in handy once in a while . 
If bluebloods wo n't pay high prices for racehorses anymore , who will ? 
Markets -- 
The result is mistrust and criticism from all around . 
But Mr. Rivkin insists that the 10 pages were n't pulled because they were too bullish . 
The laws of heredity dictate that half of the plants springing from these greenhouse-produced seeds will be male sterile and herbicide resistant and half will be male fertile and herbicide susceptible . 
The New York-based company reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 5.1 million , or 10 cents a share , compared with a year-earlier net loss of $ 6.2 million , or 12 cents a share . 
Brewery stocks were firm to higher on talk of early bargain-hunting , but most ended below their peaks . 
`` At American cocktail parties everyone 's always looking over your shoulder to see who they can talk to next . 
It 's 1956 , the year the Suez crisis marked the final end of Empire . 
The company posted third-quarter earnings of 95 cents a share , down from $ 1.26 a year earlier . 
But both the traders and the pilots remain interested in some transaction . 
For the nine months , net increased 4.4 % to $ 2.08 billion , or $ 2.25 a share , from $ 2 billion , which included $ 273 million reflecting the effect of an accounting change . 
The refinancing of $ 481 million in long-term debt reduced net income by $ 22 million , or five cents a share , but in the long run will save more than $ 250 million in interest costs . 
Researchers say they believe FK-506 is 100 times more effective than the traditional anti-rejection drug , cyclosporine , made by Swiss pharmaceutical giant Sandoz Ltd . 
Other changes , including easing restrictions on travel for East Germans , are expected . 
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official . 
VISUALIZING BLOOD vessels without poking catheters into the body may come out of research at AT&T Bell Laboratories . 
Like the game of professional football , the NFL organization itself is in turmoil . 
`` Kodak understands HDTV is where everybody is going , '' says RIT 's Mr. Spaull . 
Ms. Bogart , an acclaimed creator of deconstructed dramatic collages that tear into such sacred texts as Rodgers and Hammerstein 's `` South Pacific , '' is decidedly downtown . 
They wonder whether he has the economic know-how to steer the city through a possible fiscal crisis , and they wonder who will be advising him . 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. has them under review . 
Marcello Gumucio , president , said the company `` did well in the quarter as far as revenues and earnings are concerned , and not quite as well in terms of signing orders . '' 
Sales were $ 4.66 billion , up 1.3 % from $ 4.6 billion . 
Today 's agreement gives Control Data a machine to compete against Digital and other general-purpose computer makers , said John Logan , a computer-market analyst at Aberdeen Group Inc. of Boston . 
`` Progressive education '' ( as it was once called ) is far more interesting and agreeable to teachers than is disciplined instruction . 
Merchants Bank of New York lost 1 to 106 after reporting that its third-quarter net income fell to $ 1.62 a share from last year 's $ 1.67 a share . 
Gemina said in a statement that `` it reserves the right to take any action to protect its rights as a member of the syndicate . '' 
The Red Cross has opened 30 shelters in the Bay area , serving 5,000 people . 
She is told she ca n't enter unless she is accompanied by an inspector . 
Separately , Gillette said its third-quarter earnings rose 2 % to $ 65.2 million , or 57 cents a share , from $ 63.9 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period ; per-share earnings remained flat despite an increase in net income in part because the company paid a $ 10.4 million dividend on the new preferred stock in the period . 
Because of the quake threat , `` some firms have evaluated what the cost is to shore up their buildings and compared it with the cost of building it elswehere , '' he said . 
Some 70 % of graduates who recently earned an M.B.A. degree say they 'd prefer to work in or own a small company , yet most take jobs with large concerns , says a survey by the Foster McKay Group , a New York recruiting firm ... . 
Analysts predict the sales impact will linger . 
Resolution Funding Corp. , known as Refcorp , a division of a new government agency created to bail out the nation 's troubled savings and loan associations , will hold its first bond auction Wednesday , when it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds . 
Morrison Knudsen Corp. posted third-quarter net income of $ 7.9 million , or 69 cents a share , continuing a rebound from steep year-ago losses . 
New Canaan Investments is a closely held investment partnership with interests primarily in the packaging industry . 
Mr. Smith angered Federal 's pilots , too . 
TWO COMPANIES plan to market a new chip with ceramic circuits that store data even when the power is off . 
In over-the-counter national trading , Bowater Inc. jumped $ 1.50 to $ 27.50 . 
What is certain is that if Americans allow another happening like the degrading Bork confirmation circus , it will be at their peril . 
Losses at its Malapai Resources Co . uranium-mining unit narrowed to $ 3.4 million from $ 18 million a year ago , which included a $ 9 million write-down of utility inventories . 
Japanese tourists will be told to take care when photographing earthquake damage in San Francisco , the Japan Association of Travel Agents said . 
The three managing general partners would receive a `` significant '' number of Marsh & McLennan shares , said Walther L. Kiep , a partner who would also join Marsh & McLennan 's board . 
This mostly happens because we go from football in the fall to lifting in the winter to football again in the spring '' . 
One Egg King -- which at just under four feet tall and two feet wide has been likened to the robot R2-D2 -- can crack about 20,000 eggs an hour . 
Complete units have been trained and indoctrinated in the U.S.S.R. and other East bloc nations ; 30,000 to 40,000 of these troops have returned . 
He said he was surprised by the EC 's reaction , calling it `` vehement , even frenetic . '' 
Just last week , for example , Trans World Airlines and Pan Am Corp. 's Pan American World Airways went so far as to offer cash rebates or gift checks of $ 200 to $ 1,000 to certain frequent-flier members making trans-Atlantic flights in business class or first class . 
In addition to the $ 15.6 billion of Treasury bills to be sold at next week 's regular Monday auction , the government will sell $ 10 billion of new two-year Treasury notes . 
`` Sometimes a shakeout is healthy , '' said Drexel 's Mr. Feinman . 
Indeed , three of them will be building a successor machine for International Business Machines Corp . 
Yet when my youngest child died two years ago , I buried him in the church cemetery of a small Missouri town . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
But there is no defense at all for the ethos of the 1980s . 
Next month , NASA plans to launch a satellite to study cosmic rays dating from the birth of the universe . 
That may be difficult , the Jaguar chairman acknowledged , `` when you have somebody else breathing down your neck . 
Armed with this shared understanding and requisite background information , each department developed its specialized contribution to the proposal , submitting data and cost estimates on a closely managed schedule . 
Precious Metals 
GE , which was surprised by the last-minute subpoena for more than 100 boxes and file cabinets of documents , countered that senior GE managers did n't find out about questionable billing practices until 1985 , and that the information was passed on quickly to Mr. Orr at his first meeting with company representatives . 
Radio Shack says it has a policy against selling products if a salesperson suspects they will be used illegally . 
They are officially considered `` strategic , '' and their privatization is prohibited by the Mexican Constitution . 
`` The Fuji is going to be No. 1 to replace the Red Delicious , '' he says . 
Average daily trading volume : 145,954 shares 
Spokespersons for both the trust and the company refused to comment on whether any talks with a possible acquirer of Manville had actually taken place . 
Intel told analysts that the company will resume shipments of the chips within two to three weeks . 
Much of the money was switched into the firm 's money market funds . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A rose 1 1\/4 to 22 3\/8 . 
EPO , or erythropoietin , is a protein the human body makes to stimulate the growth of red blood cells . 
Meanwhile , Japan 's Fair Trade Commission said it was considering launching an investigation into whether the bid , the equivalent of less than a penny , violates anti-monopoly laws . 
`` I was doing the laundry and nearly broke my neck running upstairs to see who was there , and it was nobody , '' she says , eyes wide at the recollection . 
Giovanni Agnelli & Co. , which was formed in January 1987 as a way of keeping the Agnellis ' controlling stake in Fiat together despite an ever-growing family tree , has been playing a more active role in the Agnelli group of late . 
And the practice often varies from location to location even within a company . 
It did n't disclose specifics but said it expects to complete the purchases by Nov. 1 . 
Rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp . 
Apparently , the respondents do n't think that an economic slowdown would harm the major investment markets very much . 
`` The stocks that have been the best are having big pullbacks , and the ones that have been the worst are getting clobbered , '' Mr. Mills said . 
At Continental he cut money-losing operations , which helped produce a modest profit in this year 's second quarter . 
Moreover , BankAmerica continued to build its reserve against troubled foreign loans by boosting its loan-loss provision to $ 170 million , about the same as the previous quarter but well above the $ 100 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
It is the presence of internal and external `` enemies '' which justifies the need for a large , active army that Mikhail Gorbachev 's Soviet Union continues to supply with bullets . 
The university implied that it would drop its opposition to foreign ownership if Ciba-Geigy and Chiron are successful with their lower bid . 
Still , a few individual companies , most likely smaller ones , could be devastated . 
The issue is rated single-B-3 by Moody 's and single-B-plus by S&P . 
The workers install , maintain and repair its private branch exchanges , which are large intracompany telephone networks . 
Instead , people familiar with the transaction said , the auction house opted to forgo that percentage in order to obtain the collection and in exchange for taking a bigger chunk of proceeds exceeding $ 100 million . 
A few years ago , State Farm , the nation 's largest home insurer , stopped buying reinsurance because no one carrier could provide all the coverage that it needed and the company found it cheaper to self-reinsure . 
Combined revenue for the latest quarter of Time Warner was $ 2.2 billion , compared with the year-ago Time revenue of $ 1.1 billion . 
Brink 's operating profit was about flat with the year-earlier period , reflecting continued pricing and cost pressures . 
Sometimes Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do little more than grab the first draft of a screenplay for a `` Flashdance , '' or buy rights to a best seller such as `` The Color Purple . '' 
`` Next year is an election year and the legislators just do n't want to do anything about this now . '' 
He has argued that such presidential power is necessary to rein in congressional spending . 
Seats are quoted at $ 430,000 bid and $ 525,000 asked . 
El Paso , Austin and Fort Worth , the three strongest retail markets in the nation , are all located in Texas , where employment grew a relatively strong 2 % . 
The agency is working on licensing importers but does n't currently monitor imports . 
And Dewar 's gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to people who sent in bottle labels . 
Mr. Brady and senators agreed to have their staffs meet within the next week to start fine-tuning the bill . 
Individuals and corporations , as well as dealers trading for their own account , actively bought Tuesday . 
All Eastern 's previous court efforts to head off the pilots ' demands have failed . 
A reflective and growing consensus of Americans clearly wishes to apply the right to privacy in contraceptive matters ( decided in the Griswold case ) to abortion as well . 
Kofcoh is a New York holding company for Rosalco Inc. , which imports furniture and other items . 
Unocal Corp. 's top management sets guidelines , but line supervisors slice up the merit pie . 
Dow Jones & Co. announced Wall Street Journal advertising rates for 1990 . 
A huge production system built in the sea off Santa Barbara and ashore is sitting idle . 
`` Hostile '' thus entered the merger-acquisition lexicon . 
Slick graphics , pre-tested for effectiveness , also play a major role in Litigation Sciences ' operation . 
It was also at Juilliard that Mr. McDuffie discovered his predilection for conservative , 20th-century American composers such as David Diamond and Samuel Barber . 
Digital also said it has dispatched teams of technicians to California . 
`` This is an impressive show of faith in the future of the magazine industry , '' said Mr. Kummerfeld . 
The 1988 period was restated from net income of $ 8 million to correct an overstatement in the company 's Boston Co. subsidiary . 
Kraft recently agreed to spend an additional $ 3 million on similar programs through 1990 . 
Needs are n't clear , and the state constitution makes increasing taxes and spending very difficult . 
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door . 
It also was considering a restructuring to help boost the stock price . 
Ending tax-free shopping in the European Community after 1992 could threaten more than 3,000 jobs , the International Duty Free Confederation said . 
Massachusetts , which has lost jobs in the computer and defense-related industries , was the weakest link in bleak New England . 
Mr. Stoll draws his title from the cuckoo 's habit of laying eggs in the nests of other birds , making them surrogate parents . 
Some apply it to gouty joints . 
When the company last considered adding the equipment two years ago , it estimated the cost at $ 21 million to $ 22 million , but a task force will have to prepare a detailed plan before the company can predict the current cost . 
This is not the `` Mississippi Burning '' scenario that thrills his young colleagues : `` Kid , you 've been reading Classic Comics too long , '' Mancuso says . 
But if the Japanese return in force , their financial might could compensate to some extent for local investors ' waning commitment . 
But the bill was passed without debate in the Diet , in the absence of the opposition . 
It would create 38,000 local day-care commissions , answerable to the Department of Health and Human Services . 
Some underwriters have been pressing for years to tap the low-margin business by selling some policies directly to consumers . 
This left the computer with a broader range of plausible replies -- and it immediately blundered by moving a queenside pawn , to the neglect of kingside development . 
`` If there 's any coincidence about the departures it 's that they are leaving at a time when the business is in reasonably good shape and going forward very well . '' 
NRM said its $ 2.60 senior cumulative convertible preferred units will be converted into an equal number of shares of $ 2.60 senior cumulative convertible preferred stock of Edisto . 
The issue is further complicated because although the organizations represent Korean residents , those residents were largely born and raised in Japan and many speak only Japanese . 
Rep. Traxler recently purchased an unimproved building lot on the island . 
`` We 've got to get out of the Detroit mentality and be part of the world mentality , '' declares Charles M. Jordan , GM 's vice president for design , in explaining his pilgrimage to the Tokyo Show . 
Walter Kirchberger , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc. , said that offering holders a higher , $ 70-a-share price is `` a fairly effective method of blocking '' the Stena-Tiphook bid . 
It may even be possible to replace defective genes with healthy versions , though no one has come close to doing that so far . 
From my orange seat , I looked over the first-base line and the new-mown ball field in the warm sun of the last few minutes before what was to have been the third game of the World Series . 
It includes apartments , shopping centers , office buildings and undeveloped land . 
Under prodding from Judge Abramson , a Minpeco executive flew in from Peru last week to talk directly with executives from Manufacturers Hanover on a settlement . 
With great aplomb he considers not only filial devotion and ( utterly repressed ) sexual love , but British anti-Semitism , the gentry 's impatience with democracy and support of Hitler , and the moral problematics of loyalty : `` It is , in practice , simply not possible to adopt such a critical attitude towards an employer and at the same time provide good service ... . 
Mr. Byrum and Ms. Smith could n't be reached for comment . 
Revenue rose slightly to $ 3.16 billion from $ 3.13 billion . 
The volume of red cells donated by the EPO-treated patients was 41 % higher per donor , the research team representing a number of hospitals and blood banks reported . 
What accounts for the difference ? 
Ford might challenge the proposal by offering a full bid if holders and the U.K. government agreed to drop the anti-takeover barrier early . 
Daniel Brigham 
U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh 's plan to dissolve the 14 regional organized-crime strike forces is expected to go into effect next month , despite the opposition of Democratic congressional leaders and lawyers in the special units . 
Just a short span across the bay to the west , the quake also showed its mettle : A four-square-block area of the Marina District lies smoldering under a steady stream of seawater being pumped onto rubble to prevent it from blazing anew . 
Or those who choose not to farm can lease their lands and crop allotments for handsome sums . 
A spokesman for Scott says that assuming the price of pulp continues to soften , `` We should do well . 
Net income includes an extraordinary gain of about $ 100,000 from the reversal of bad debt and interest income . 
A serious charge -- that star flanker Irving Fryar `` threw '' the 1984 Orange Bowl game by intentionally dropping a pass in the end zone -- is included , even though the Nebraska assistant coach quoted denied making it . 
About 900,000 units will continue to be publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange , Enserch said . 
Gregory Damonne Brown of Fremont , Calif. , a hardworking , reclusive young bachelor , told that story to the Tax Court . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.53 % one month ; 8.45 % three months ; 8.27 % six months . 
For the nine months , Mattel net more than doubled to $ 58.9 million , or $ 1.19 a share , from $ 25.4 million , or 53 cents a share , a year ago . 
But some other analysts have a stormier forecast for the pound , particularly because Britain 's inflation is hovering at a relatively lofty annual rate of about 7.6 % and the nation is burdened with a struggling government and large current account and trade deficits . 
`` There is no difference of opinion between ( Chairman ) Lord King and Sir Colin on any aspect of company policy . 
Unions covered by one or other provisions generally settled for lower percentage wage increases . 
Donald Trump , who faced rising doubt about his bid for American Airlines parent AMR Corp. even before a United Airlines buy-out came apart Friday , withdrew his $ 7.54 billion offer . 
`` Shortageflation , '' as economists have come to call it , had gone hyper . 
`` We should not be seeing any more , '' said Bill Rash , Intel 's director for the 486 chip . 
The debentures may be converted into common stock of the Westborough , Mass. , home health care concern at $ 52.50 a share . 
William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , said Lincoln Savings & Loan Association should have been seized by the government in 1986 to contain losses that he estimated will cost taxpayers as much as $ 2 billion . 
Carriers could use their equipment more efficiently , leading to overcapacity they were eager to fill . 
The Merc said Mr. Roberts withheld from the market certain orders in cooperation with another trader , David Stein . 
And it may be right , judging from last week 's report that inflation-adjusted gross national product rose at a 2.5 % annual rate in the third quarter . 
The big insurer , unlike Prudential , owns only about $ 150 million of publicly sold junk bonds . 
`` I do n't think he 'd want to give out his current account numbers . 
2 . Even where the Fed did not share this view it felt the need to accommodate to it . 
`` There 's either a minority { stake } package capable of getting Jaguar shareholder approval or there is n't , '' said one knowledgeable individual . `` 
That 's the dilemma for today 's parent . 
By spreading their wealth among several investment alternatives , the respondents have protected themselves against squalls in any one area , be it stocks , bonds or real estate . 
Long-term Treasury bonds rose slightly despite the arrival on the market of $ 4.52 billion in 30-year bonds offered by the Resolution Funding Corp. as part of the government 's bailout of the savings and loan industry . 
The canceled Shanghai loan leaves Asia Development , a small concern , saddled with a half-completed 32-story apartment building and heavy debts . 
DGAULT : 
Squibb Corp. said net rose 17 % to $ 144.5 million , or $ 1.47 a share , from $ 123 million , or $ 1.25 a share . 
Peter Lieb , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the case , declined to comment on the trial . 
Latest approvals : Bell Atlantic 's New Jersey Bell and General Dynamics . 
Proceeds will be used for capital expenditures and working capital . 
Other analysts say that estimate is low . 
A Security magazine survey places the effect of takeovers and buy-outs among the industry 's 10 biggest challenges . 
The U.S. wants a higher won to make South Korea 's exports more expensive and help trim Seoul 's trade surplus . 
His client contacts , meanwhile , could prove a gold mine for an agency that has had few new business wins of late . 
Just a month ago , Mr. Bush sternly threatened to veto a pending welfare bill if it provided any abortion funds , except to save a woman 's life . 
The existence of the guidelines has become known since President Bush disclosed them privately to seven Republican senators at a White House meeting last Monday . 
Why does n't he just follow through on one of these things ? '' 
Officials at the Washington D.C.-based charity did n't return repeated phone calls . 
The Small Business Administration has received more than 5,000 formal requests for disaster loans because of the hurricane . 
Messrs. Lee and Bynoe will manage the Nuggets ' day-today affairs . 
Limit Order : Limit orders are used when investors want to restrict the amount they will receive or pay for an investment . 
He cited the case of a Swiss oil trader who recently put out bids via telex for an oil tanker to pick up a cargo of crude in the Middle East . 
I , for instance , was perfectly happy at Avery Fisher Hall the other day listening to Helmuth Rilling conduct the Messa per Rossini , a strange piece written by 13 different Italian composers to honor Rossini after his death in 1868 . 
In recent weeks , airlines have cut numerous fares in leisure markets to try to win back customers . 
`` Nothing has happened since we signed the contract to undermine our conviction that Hydro-Quebec was the lowest-cost , most environmentally acceptable choice for meeting a part of our customers ' energy needs through the year 2020 , '' said Central Maine senior vice president Donald F. Kelly . 
Also , investors quickly singled out stocks of companies expected to profit or suffer from the disaster . 
Salomon Brothers Inc. was the top program trader in September , but most of the firm 's activity involved portfolio trading strategies other than stock-index arbitrage . 
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51-cash management bills yesterday . 
After a three-year nightmare of uncertain oil prices , draconian budget cuts and sweeping layoffs , fear is finally leaving the oil patch . 
There are those who say that this is nothing new , that America has always suffered from a bad case of schizophrenia when it comes to the dichotomy between what is professed and what is practiced . 
GE executives were accused by U.S. prosecutors of providing `` misleading and false '' data to the Pentagon in 1985 to cover up `` longstanding fraudulent '' billing practices . 
Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company approved the creation of this second class of stock , which will be traded on the national over-the-counter market and which the company said would be used for acquisitions and other general corporate purposes . 
Barbra Streisand made him famous . 
( The condom balloon was denied official entry status this year . ) 
After the close of trading Friday , the Agriculture Department reported that feedlots in the 13 biggest ranch states held 8.06 million cattle on Oct. 1 , down 6 % from that date a year earlier . 
Stores in upper-income neighborhoods , for instance , will carry high-priced wines , publications such as Vanity Fair , gourmet pasta sauces , oat bran cereals and Weight Watchers and Pritikin products . 
Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 , Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % . 
Money helped , too . 
And after a decade of explosive job growth on Wall Street , a period of contraction is under way . 
Last month , Canadian Bond Rating Service downgraded Provigo 's commercial paper and debentures because of its lackluster performance . 
But he says he did n't understand he was buying the CD on the secondary market , and he contends his broker never fully explained the risks . 
Some economists -- and many Japanese companies -- are puzzled by the warnings . 
But a partial recovery in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which had been down more than 60 points in midmorning , dashed those expectations . 
`` It 's not like the board can decide '' by itself , Mr. Sells said , adding , `` we 're indifferent to ( the Bass ) plan . 
`` I 'm ecstatic about the change , '' said Mr. Vila , whose new syndicated program is called `` Home Again with Bob Vila . '' 
The Fuji , to be sure , has blemishes too . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Oneida 's shares closed at $ 18.375 a share , unchanged . 
Meanwhile , dollar trading was relatively uninspired throughout the session , according to dealers , who noted that Thursday 's release of the preliminary report on the U.S. third-quarter gross national product was something of a nonevent . 
Fees 0.36 . 
Nevertheless , an ANC rally by any other name is still an ANC rally . 
( IBM won the case . ) 
Although IBM last year produced its first strong results in four years and was expected to continue to roll this year , it began faltering as early as January . 
Revenue gained 3.1 % to $ 26.81 billion from $ 26 billion . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Bay closed at $ 2.625 , down 25 cents . 
Now there are more lines connected to the chairman 's office , and the market-monitoring computer has been moved next to his desk . 
If the situation changes , I 'll get stuck with them . '' 
An investment company said it offered to acquire Arby 's Inc. , the fast-food operator , for $ 205 million . 
Mr. Kendrick is professor emeritus of economics at George Washington University . 
The water destroyed about $ 75 million in currency and caked $ 4 million of coins with mud , rendering them dangerous to counting machines . 
The Republicans maintain that a 30 % capital-gains exclusion will raise revenue in the short term and spur economic investment , while the Democrats maintain that an increase in the top income-tax rate and expanded IRAs will raise revenue and spur savings . 
Revenue nearly tripled to $ 479 million , from $ 160 million . 
Nekoosa ranked 11th with sales of $ 3.59 billion . 
New management can take several steps to reduce dishonesty . 
But neither has an extensive background in Latin America , the Middle East or Asia . 
The designer 's attorney , Molly Bartholow , said that Ms. Garratt was forced to start bankruptcy-law proceedings because Jerell began withholding her royalty payments last month . 
Mr. Bush said that he initiated talks with the Soviets on the informal meeting by sending a proposal to Mr. Gorbachev last July , which the Soviet leader readily accepted . 
Intel was up 1 3\/8 to 33 3\/4 . 
U.K. composite , or non-life , insurers , which some equity analysts said might be heavily hit by the earthquake disaster , helped support the London market by showing only narrow losses in early trading . 
On Friday , Intel began notifying customers about the bugs which cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations . 
Trading in futures and options , some people believe , can add to volatility . 
Arthur Burns , Federal Reserve Board chairman , said the government 's `` luck '' in keeping the bank open -- despite being the then-biggest U.S. bank failure -- prevented `` shock waves around the country and around the world . '' 
X-rays have problems , too . 
Ms. Jepson is a free-lance music writer in New York . 
`` But it 'll sure make you poorer . '' 
It stopped selling a standard personal computer a while ago . 
Systemwide , IATA airlines carried 632 million passengers last year , 2 % more than in 1987 . 
In September , DWG , a Miami Beach , Fla. , holding company controlled by financeer Victor Posner , rejected an offer from a group of Arby 's franchisees to acquire Arby 's for $ 200 million . 
WASHINGTON -- 
`` Their approach did n't work ; mine is . 
For the Giuliani forces , it 's a conundrum . 
The junk-mail titans , ever optimistic , are looking for ways around the problem . 
And the potential market is tremendous , industry experts say . 
Shorted shares must eventually be replaced through buying . 
The company 's third-quarter earnings were below both analysts ' forecasts and the year-earlier level . 
Just say the offices are tastefully appointed , '' he says . 
Christopher Hill in Tokyo , Nicholas Hastings in London , Erik Kirschbaum in Frankfurt and Caitlin Randall and Douglas Appell in New York contributed to this article . 
Jeff Rowe contributed to this article . 
While no figures exist , it is thought that many small investors in Belgium store securities privately , in some cases to avoid paying high inheritance taxes . 
Investment bankers in Tokyo confirmed that Tokyu Department Store is one of several Japanese companies that has been approached by representatives of a management committee headed by Bloomingdale 's Mr. Traub . 
Teleflora will run TV ads at Valentine 's Day promoting its `` Snoopy 's Love Bouquet . '' 
But advancing issues topped decliners by 784 to 700 on the Big Board despite the late sell programs , resulting from stock-index arbitrage . 
Machine tool shipments last month were $ 281.2 million , a 24 % rise from a year earlier and a 25 % increase from August . 
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days . 
The most-strident anti-outsider sentiment among bankers comes from the Independent Bankers Association of Texas , although it 's hard to tell from previews of the $ 5 million `` The I 's of Texas '' TV campaign . 
Meanwhile , Ford officials became convinced they could n't expect to recover the investment it would require to make Saab 's cars competitive in the increasingly crowded luxury market . 
Joe F. Lynch , the 56-year-old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company . 
Ciba-Geigy is a major pharmaceutical concern based in Basel , Switzerland . 
When it owns stocks , Renaissance 's portfolio typically is composed of about 60 large-capitalization issues ; to make buy or sell moves , the firm solicits Wall Street brokerage houses a day or so in advance , looking for the best package price to carry out the trades . 
Mitsubishi Estate ended the day at 2680 , up 150 . 
`` Vandenberg and Rayburn are heroes of mine , '' Mr. Boren says , referring as well to Sam Rayburn , the Democratic House speaker who cooperated with President Eisenhower . 
House Banking Committee Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) said Sen. Cranston volunteered to appear before the House committee , if necessary . 
During an economic slump , local tax revenues often go down , raising the risks associated with at least some municipals . 
As a result , financial advisers say they take several steps when evaluating the riskiness of clients ' portfolios . 
Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. , fulfilling its dismal earnings forecast for 1989 , said its third-quarter net income fell 68 % on flat revenue . 
He also said that the price wars flaring up in parts of the computer industry will continue through next year . 
Revenue rose 34 % to $ 410 million from $ 306.6 million a year earlier . 
New York City bonds have been beaten down for three straight weeks . 
The people of the Delta are waiting for that big factory to open , river traffic to increase , government spending to fund job-training programs or public schools to educate apathetic students . 
Dow Jones also publishes Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services . 
The rates were up from last week 's auction , when they were 7.37 % and 7.42 % , respectively . 
`` Earlier generations were brand loyal across categories , '' he says , `` but boomers tend to be brand loyal in categories like running shoes and bottled water , but less so in others like toilet paper and appliances . '' 
Until his resignation , Mr. Lawson had been conducting British monetary policy as if the pound were tied to the mark . 
They only accounted for 5 % , at best , of the station 's total revenues . '' 
Dr. Wyndham Wilson , a cancer treatment specialist at the National Cancer Institute , said the test is widely used in research centers but is n't having a major impact because it is only occasionally useful in choosing the most effective treatment . 
The selling by money managers and individual investors is turning traders bearish as well . 
`` Frankly , it was like he worked for the Lincoln public-relations department , '' Mr. Stelzer testified . 
National Market System volume improved to 94,425,000 shares from 71.7 million Monday . 
`` There is a reality to the excess energy , '' he said . 
`` We 're extremely committed to optical storage technology '' he said . 
The agency noted that because of a strike by Finance Ministry personnel the provisional estimate does n't correspond exactly to the consumer price index usually published . 
But now , along with reindicting Mr. Noriega 's pal , they intended to charge Mr. Noriega himself , on allegations that he was involved in the illegal trading of some $ 2 million in arms . 
The September index fueled speculation , damaging to the dollar , that the Federal Reserve soon will ease monetary policy further . 
As a consultant , he has given seminars at agencies including Ogilvy & Mather on how to win new business . 
From a helicopter a thousand feet above Oakland after the second-deadliest earthquake in U.S. history , a scene of devastation emerges : a freeway crumbled into a concrete sandwich , hoses pumping water into once-fashionable apartments , abandoned autos . 
As many as 50 of his employees at Specialized Bicycle Components Inc. ride with him . 
As there is an effort to `` anchor the dollar '' either to gold or other currencies , the dispute is worth examining . 
When Aetna adjuster Bill Schaeffer visited a retired couple in Oakland last Thursday , he found them living in a mobile home parked in front of their yard . 
They concede that much of the government meddling that torments them is essential to the public good , and even to their own businesses . 
Some of our sources in Thailand say the notorious old Khmer Rouge leader , Pol Pot , has been holed up this summer in Khmer Rouge camps near the Thai-Cambodian border . 
First Boston sweetened the terms from the original yield estimate in an apparent effort to place the huge offering . 
Uncertainty dogs every aspect of their lives . 
The other half of its portfolio is expected to remain invested in Treasury bills for the time being . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
The Bear Stearns order that marked the late-day turnaround caused a `` massive buying effort '' as UAL jumped $ 20 a share to $ 170 in the last half hour , said Mr. Bates . 
Carl E. Pissocra , president and chief executive officer of Bank One , Dover , has been named regional president , a new post at the bank-holding company . 
Thus , farmer Johan Fischer , his T-shirt and jeans covered in grease , crawls around under his planter , tightening bolts and fixing dents . 
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded . 
But United Media says it 's very scrupulous with the contracts it hands out . 
Mr. Bond forecast that by next June , `` what will emerge will be a company with a honed sense of purpose ... a stable balance sheet , with good-quality assets in brewing , telecommunications , media and property . '' 
London 's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index finished 19.2 points higher at 2189.3 . 
Chugai agreed then to fund certain associated research and development costs . 
That event , he contended , simply shows the `` vulnerability '' of having listings on only one exchange . 
But `` their present financial condition means I 'd have a hard time convincing the vice president in charge of purchasing . '' 
In a ruling by the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans , Mr. Gaubert received the go-ahead to pursue a claim against the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas for losses he suffered when the Bank Board closed the Independent American Savings Association of Irving , Texas . 
Many of the funds that did best in the last week are heavily invested overseas , giving them the benefit of foreign currency translations when the dollar is weak . 
Advertising rates for the Eastern , Midwest , Western and Southwest editions will increase an average 5.5 % , and rates for localized advertising editions will increase 7.5 % . 
In trading on the American Stock Exchange , Delmed closed at 50 cents , down 6.25 cents . 
It has about 12.3 million shares outstanding . 
IBM , which Gartner Group said generates 22 % of its revenue in this market , should be able to take advantage of its loyal following among buyers of equipment . 
The first signs were economic . 
`` With the repeal of Section 89 , we can no longer say they 're discouraging businesses from offering health plans , '' says Christine Russell , the Chamber of Commerce 's small-business advocate . 
`` We 'd still like to see a student model , '' priced at about $ 3,500 , said Ronald Johnson , director of academic computing at Minnesota 's Gustavus Adolphus College , which has bought eight Next machines . 
`` It 's a case of the market being too high to buy and too afraid to sell , '' a senior dealer with Kleinwort Benson Securities said . 
Early in October , six Arab nations in the Persian Gulf jacked up prices sharply . 
`` I 've always relied heavily on the grid and found it never to fail . '' 
Though Silicon Graphics is much smaller than Digital , Hewlett and Sun , it has emerged in recent years as a feared adversary in this graphics portion of the workstation market . 
Republicans especially want a guarantee from the House leadership that they 'll get an up-or-down vote on the bills . 
On Friday , 13 % of volume was in computer-guided program trades . 
Hyundai , the Korean market leader with a 58 % share , also plans to jump into minicars at the same time . 
Armstrong expects to close the sale of the color unit in late November and the carpet sale in December , with the gains to be applied to fourth quarter or first-quarter results . 
His new forecast calls for `` a soft landing . '' 
Plant officials are still assessing damage to parts suppliers and Port of Oakland facilities that handle shipments to the plant . 
The business is n't related to Lotus 's main businesses of making computer software and publishing information on compact disks . 
Moreover , Mr. Douglas sees a revival of institutional interest in smaller growth stocks that could boost the performance of these stocks in the medium term . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Mr. Redford no longer stands out as an extremist . 
First-section volume was estimated at 1.3 billion shares , up from 886 million shares Thursday . 
In one of the first indoor air-pollution cases to go to trial , a state-court jury decided in favor of the defendant , Burlington Industries Inc . 
The earnings also mark a significant drop from the second quarter 's $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share . 
Officials at the four exchanges said well over 50 traders from the Pacific exchange were taking flights from San Francisco late yesterday to the American , New York and Philadelphia exchanges and to the CBOE , where they would continue making markets in the Pacific-listed options . 
Frank Gallagher , an analyst with Phoenix Capital Corp. in New York , estimates that the arbs paid an average of about $ 280 a share for their UAL positions . 
Ramada gained 7\/8 to 11 1\/4 after revamping the terms of its restructuring plan , which calls for the company to sell its hotel operations for $ 540 million and spin off its casino business to shareholders . 
`` You can be wicked , but not foolish , '' says Mr. Mankiewicz . 
`` It was quite a shock , '' says a 43-year-old East German shopkeeper . 
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo . 
Among the targets of the Big Board companies ' campaign will be some corporate pension funds that use program-trading strategies to maximize returns on their investments . 
Intel 's short interest jumped 42 % , while Campeau 's increased 62 % . 
The company is exposed to bulk chemicals , however . 
SAMURAI : 
Among other things , the brief cited insufficient evidence . 
Lawmakers , haunted by charges that some of their comments contributed to the 1987 crash , generally shy away from calls for sweeping new legislation . 
Previously , Columbia did n't have to adjust the book value of its junk-bond holdings to reflect declines in market prices , because it held the bonds as long-term investments . 
Stocks have a place in an investors ' portfolio along with real estate , bonds , international securities and cash , he says . 
Denver-based U S West said net income dropped 8.9 % , noting that the year-ago quarter included the sale of a building by its BetaWest Properties unit . 
Analysts speculated that Marsh & McLennan would spend between 250 million marks ( $ 136.4 million ) and 350 million marks for the rest of Gradmann & Holler , or roughly 25 to 30 times the private firm 's estimated earnings . 
With one she is pregnant , with Major Battle she is knitting an American flag , and as the vice president 's wife she rushes in with white hair , wearing a tailored suit and pearls , imitating Barbara Bush 's gestures down to the last detail . 
When President Bush arrives here next week for a hemispheric summit organized to commemorate a century of Costa Rican democracy , will he be able to deliver a credible message in the wake of the Panamanian fiasco ? 
`` Shortage '' and `` crisis '' became buzz words , although neither really applied . 
`` We do n't like the Congress ( I ) , '' says Sooraji Jath , a farmer in the western state of Gujarat . 
Others analyze the data . 
Mr. Finkelstein is apparently referring to B. Altman and Bonwit Teller , two New York retailers that have recently filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , as well as the retail chains owned by financially troubled Campeau Corp . 
Fully 62 % of the doctors surveyed for Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. think their fellow physicians are responsible for rising health-care costs , ahead of hospitals ( 55 % ) and patients ( 48 % ) . 
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry . 
Linking up Showtime with the largest cable operator in the U.S. could sharply boost its subscribers . 
Meantime , brokers on the Continent are worried , too , mostly by the potential loss of business . 
While other mines might yield more carats , a higher percentage of them go to industrial use . 
Whoever constitute the local Left Bank come out in force , dressed in black , along with a smattering of yuppies who want to be on the cutting edge . 
Sixty percent of the fund will be invested in stocks , with the rest going into bonds or short-term investments . 
I am convinced that UFOs exist because I have seen one ... . '' 
Closed End Bond Funds 
For example , while the laws on individual labor activity allow a citizen to earn a living independent of the state , strict provisions are attached on how far this may lead to the development of a free market . 
But analysts estimate their trading profit at # 30 million . 
Stock-fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year . 
Prices closed mixed as contracts reacted to largely offsetting bullish and bearish news . 
Sheldon B. Lubar , chairman of Lubar & Co. , and John L. Murray , chairman of Universal Foods Corp. , were elected to the board of this engine maker . 
Newport Beach telemarketers concentrate on precious metals and oil-leasing deals that typically cost thousands of dollars a shot . 
Other programs and special issues will be based on themes of health , jobs , personal finance , the best colleges , and investments . 
Rates for the Wall Street Journal Reports will remain unchanged . 
Occasionally , gross chromosome damage was visible . 
Yesterday , the brokerage firm Conning & Co. said insurers will use the earthquake as an excuse to raise insurance rates , ending their long price wars . 
Sales rose slightly to $ 2.68 billion , from $ 2.66 billion . 
But if East Germany 's arthritic Politburo does loosen up enough to permit Mr. Krenz to make serious efforts at reform , he will face a challenge just as fundamental . 
Besides term life and whole life ( the old standbys ) , we now have universal life , universal variable life , flexible adjustable universal life , policies with persistency bonuses , policies festooned with exotic riders , living benefit policies , and on and on . 
Shvartzer is a derogatory Yiddish word for a black person . 
The CF6-6 series engines are n't being manufactured any more ; they are only being used in the DC-10 Series 10 planes currently in service , he said . 
Letting officials express their own nuances can be educational . 
The argument turns on the discovery in 1909 of an amazing fossil quarry high in the Canadian Rockies called the Burgess Shale . 
`` Why should you beat your brains out fighting the environmentalists , the neighborhood groups , dealing with traffic mitigation , sewers and fighting city hall , then try to convince a lender to lend you money in an overbuilt market when you can get pension fund money , buy a portfolio , sell off pieces off it and play your own game ? '' says Jack Rodman , managing partner of the Los Angeles office of Kenneth Leventhal Inc. a national accounting firm . 
The new line is aimed directly at International Business Machines Corp . 
Aer Lingus is in discussions with the Soviet carrier about a cargo venture and other possibilities . 
Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Resorts International , Braniff , Integrated Resources , SCI TV , Gillette Holdings , Western Electric and Southmark . 
They predict that organized-crime activity will increase once the units are dissolved and their responsibilities transferred to U.S. attorneys ' offices . 
The blue-collar machinists , longtime rivals of the white-collar pilots , say the buyout would load the company with debt and weaken its finances . 
`` He has n't added anything , '' Mr. Levine said , predicting the board will again reject Mr. Green 's proposal . 
The company attributed the improvement to strong demand in the semiconductor equipment segment as well as the acquisition of Echelon Service Co. and the inclusion of a full year 's results of operations for RTS Inc. , compared with seven months ' results for the prior year . 
( By comparison , German domestic stock volume in Frankfurt only doubled that day . ) 
The deal fell through , and Kandahar remains a major regime base . 
So I think the conceptual base needs to be thought out in a different way . 
`` Nothing is defined or signed at this point , '' Mr. Daly said of the talks . 
In recent years , growth has come in the foreign markets . 
In addition to hedging new stock purchases , the married-put technique can be used to protect stocks that an investor already owns . 
Mr. Padovan is currently a director at Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd . 
Mr. Ridley 's announcement set off a howl of protests from members of the opposition Labor Party , who accused the Thatcher administration of backing down on promised protection for a privatized company . 
Two years later , Mrs. Aquino 's promise remains largely unfulfilled . 
Now we must endure a rash of critics who apparently wish to know details of one side only . 
Analysts said they do n't think it is contemplating a takeover , however , and its officials could n't be reached . 
CBS itself could run up losses of a few hundred million dollars on four years of various sports if its big gamble goes wrong . 
Mitsubishi is also pushing ahead with a controversial plan to redevelop Marunouchi into a business center of high-tech buildings , a project budgeted for 30 years and six trillion yen . 
Peter Drake , biotechnology analyst for Vector Securities International , Chicago , thinks market uncertainty may encourage small companies to form more strategic alliances with big corporations . 
The rate , which banks charge each other on overnight loans , is considered an early signal of changes in Fed policy . 
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago . 
One night both Marshall 's ghost and the shah 's ghost together caught Cap and threw him to the ground . 
After years of quarreling over Bonn 's `` Ostpolitik '' , West Germany and the U.S. appear to have shifted onto a united course in Eastern Europe . 
`` August is a month when people are paying school tuition , '' he said . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
That 's not plot . 
Mission Resource Partners lost 5 1\/4 to 14 1\/8 . 
`` She can stay there with no heat , but for a parakeet , that can be deadly , '' says Daralee Konowitch , animalcare services manager for the SPCA . 
Yvon Bussieres was named senior executive vice president and chief operating officer of Provigo , a new position . 
We have very exciting prospects for far more impressive advances in the treatment of colon cancer during the years immediately ahead . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Meanwhile , the FEMA announced a toll-free telephone number ( 800-462-9029 ) to expedite service to victims of the earthquake . 
Even if baseball triggers losses at CBS -- and he does n't think it will -- `` I 'd rather see the games on our air than on NBC and ABC , '' he says . 
Mr. Johnson , of the Berkeley seismographic station , said : `` Landfill can be done if it 's properly compacted . 
And in Paris , Mahmoud Vaezi , Iran 's vice minister of foreign affairs , began a five-day visit to discuss such matters as compensation to French enterprises for contracts broken by the Khomeini regime . 
In a related move , the bank also proposed that board representation be linked more closely to the bank 's new shareholding structure . 
As the ad 's tone implies , the Texas spirit is pretty xenophobic these days , and Lone Star is n't alone in trying to take advantage of that . 
American Medical said it would pursue the inquiries from the companies , but would n't identify them unless they make firm offers . 
More than half of the `` newly found '' net exports were from just a few service-sector categories . 
Not selling into a panic turned out to be very good advice : Despite the market 's volatility , the Dow Jones Industrial Average has surged 114 points in the past four days . 
Sales increased 10 % to $ 2.65 billion from $ 2.41 billion . 
For interstate highways , the federal share normally would drop to 90 % of the cost of repairs , and the state would have to pick up the remainder of the cost . 
Vice Chancellor Maurice A. Hartnett III of Delaware 's Court of Chancery heard arguments for more than two hours here , but he made no comment and asked no questions . 
The judge held that the combination of colors used for the Sony products is distinctive and subject to protection under New York state law , rather than federal law . 
`` Now , Philip Morris { Kraft General Foods ' parent company } is committed to the coffee business and to increased advertising for Maxwell House , '' says Dick Mayer , president of the General Foods USA division . 
Both have been raised at least 30 % in recent years , even while the price of gasoline has fallen . 
In the first nine months of this year output was 5,377,000 metric tons , down from 5,441,000 metric tons a year earlier . 
Mr. Bakker said he was guilty of sin but not fraud . 
The U.S.-Japan Security Treaty can continue , sort of . 
Onstage , a congressional hearing is in progress , complete with elegant crystal chandelier overhead and a lifesize reproduction of the signing of the Constitution in the background . 
Special Judge Galloway noted that Givens managed horse-breeding in a businesslike way : He kept detailed accounts , practiced soil conservation , enhanced his experience by consulting experts , spent several hours a day doing chores , and dropped the sideline when his best brood mare died . 
The Justice Department is in the process of trying to gain control over a law that federal Judge David Sentelle recently called a `` monster . '' 
Without liquidity from the junk-bond market or cash flow from profits , they look to the government , which obediently assists the natural motions of the capitalist economy with charity in the form of cuts in the capital-gains tax rate or bailouts . 
But Mr. Keller said that , if computers can be integrated into the process , they could alert an operator as soon as the problem occurred . 
For all that , the piece landed unperformed in a dusty archive after Bologna refused to supply a chorus and orchestra . 
The NASD , which operates the Nasdaq computer system on which 5,200 OTC issues trade , compiles short interest data in two categories : the approximately two-thirds , and generally biggest , Nasdaq stocks that trade on the National Market System ; and the one-third , and generally smaller , Nasdaq stocks that are n't a part of the system . 
The agency may not have much choice : A congressional bill has been introduced that would force the agency to limit flight attendant duty time to 14 hours on U.S. flights and 16 hours on international trips . 
They added that market-makers were knocking share prices down in midafternoon in a bid to attract some interest , but the action largely helped open the way for London 's late declines . 
Revenue rose 8.3 % to $ 780 million from $ 720 million . 
Mr. Freind calculates that the provision , which attacks the trimester standards that Roe established , will `` make it necessary '' for the Supreme Court to review Roe and , perhaps , to overturn it . 
The 30-share index settled 23.2 points higher at 1701.7 . 
However a Qintex Australia spokesman said his firm had never `` promised or guaranteed '' to make the payment . 
Plant lovers who studied the maquette were alarmed . 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce ( Canada ) -- 10 billion yen of 5.7 % bonds due Nov. 17 , 1992 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 5.75 % less full fees , via LTCB International Ltd . 
Ogilvy eliminated the mail room staff , closed the executive dining room and , after the takeover , let go half a dozen financial executives . 
Moreover , an aide to Mr. Brown said Gov. Deukmejian `` has expressed a desire not to spend all the reserve on this . '' 
Ford Motor Credit -- $ 2.57 billion of certificates backed by automobile loans with a coupon rate of 8.70 % , priced at 99 19\/32 to yield 8.903 % through an underwriting group headed by First Boston Corp . 
At Sept. 30 , the thrift , which converted to a stock form of ownership from a mutual form in April 1986 , had more than four million shares outstanding . 
Moreover , the two main bridges still connecting San Francisco with the East Bay did n't charge tolls , allowing traffic to zip through without stopping . 
New York State law prohibits insurance brokerages from deriving more than 10 % of revenue from insuring affiliated companies . 
`` It 's almost as if you 're doing extra work to give away the food , '' he says . 
The manuevering illustrates an emerging Republican donnybrook , pacified since the early 1980s . 
StatesWest asked Mesa to repond by Oct. 31 . 
In the year earlier period , the New York parent of Republic National Bank had net income of $ 38.7 million , or $ 1.12 a share . 
But as one expert tells me : `` Whoever it is will have to work pretty damn hard to be worse than Barre . '' 
The bank said the talks resulted from solicitations by its financial adviser . 
`` I 've heard that there is $ 40 billion taken in nationwide by boiler rooms every year , '' Mr. McClelland says . 
The consensus view calls for an overall job gain of 155,000 compared with September 's 209,000 increase . 
A brief `` executive summary '' was issued last April , and attracted some , but not much , attention . 
But when the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose instead , bonds drifted lower . 
`` This is only a further step in a lengthy investigation . '' 
Even if there is n't any widespread discounting , the outlook for industry profits is n't good . 
Anheuser said its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower-than-anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990 . 
But the push for cleaner fuels is increasing the attractiveness of natural gas . 
`` I want this to be a model of the way a public-owned company should be run , '' Mr. Luzon says . 
Some masseurs have tried to get around this by calling themselves `` bodyworkers '' and describing their office visits as `` reinvigoration breaks . '' 
The tribunal is scheduled to rule on the request Friday . 
Second , the responsibilities of the Federal Reserve as guardian of the currency , which means as guardian of the stability of the price level , sometimes lead it to take measures that are unpopular . 
Subsequently , however , the ill effects are likely to be offset , at least in economic terms , as construction activity begins . 
In charges filed last week in federal district court in Charlotte , N.C. , the SEC alleged that Venture Capitalists Inc. , Venture Finance Corp. and New Ventures Fund Inc. , all of Charlotte , failed repeatedly to file proper documents . 
It 's time business leaders and the general public learn that mankind does not rule over this natural environment but is rather the integral , symbiotic player within nature 's workings . 
According to figures from the International Air Transport Association , they carried a combined 1.8 million tons of freight last year . 
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self-incrimination . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended about 1\/2 point higher , or up about $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount , while the yield slid to 7.93 % from 7.98 % Friday . 
Yesterday , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Golden Nugget common closed at $ 28.25 , up $ 2 . 
Mr. Brady hesitantly replied that he was n't sure whether Mr. Greenspan `` made a statement himself , or whether that was a newspaper report . '' 
Seats are currently quoted at $ 151,000 , bid , and $ 162,000 , asked . 
Growth is good . 
Today 's presses are large and costly machines , and a few orders can produce a high total for one month that does n't necessarily indicate a trend . 
John R. Garrison President National Easter Seal Society 
The regular nightly news program and daily newspapers are also getting a visible injection of Soviet-style glasnost . 
`` We just have n't learned what it takes to compete . 
The Japanese have watched the Europeans and Canadians stumble in the U.S. market , and they fret that business practices that have won them huge profits at home wo n't translate into success in the U.S. . 
First Hospital advised Comprehensive Care that an agent for the financial institutions providing financing of its acquisition is scheduled to make a final credit determination tomorrow , and that a favorable determination could result in a reorganization at Comprehensive Care `` by the end of October . '' 
Artists and draftsmen need harder `` leads . '' 
The high margin partly stems from continued strong growth in high-yielding consumer loans , which jumped 31 % to $ 17.47 billion from a year earlier , and residential mortgages , which rose 25 % to $ 12 billion . 
Visa U.S.A. Inc . 
The two sides now are accusing each other of lying . 
Two West German chemical companies announced steps that apparently are designed to boost the chemical industry 's standing among environmental groups and the general public . 
I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through the court , through Justice and through state and federal regulatory agencies . 
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc . 
The researchers , who are being financed by the Lithox funds , will receive a royalty , or percentage of sales , if their research yields a commercial product . 
Toyota wants to sell about 49,000 Lexus LS400 sedans next year in the U.S. alone . 
Finally , as shown in the table , Democrats allocate a higher proportion of their personal staffs to district offices -- where local benefit-seeking duties matter more and national policy making activities matter less relative to Washington offices . 
Dennis Block , a partner at the New York firm of Weil , Gotshal & Manges , said that in the first eight months of this year , 89 hostile offers were launched , compared with 157 for the first eight months of 
The panel urged greater efforts to reduce the complexity , paperwork and cost of utilization review . 
Redland International Funding PLC ( U.K. parent ) -- 150 million Australian dollars of 15 3\/8 % bonds due Nov. 8 , 1996 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 15.44 % less full fees , via JP Morgan Securities Ltd . 
The current equilibrium is fragile and depends on steady , strong demand and continued relative harmony within OPEC , producer of more than 40 % of the non-Communist world 's crude . 
Each share point is worth about $ 60 million in sales . 
Similarly , a group of companies led by Chevron Corp. has been unable to pump oil found off the California coast in the early 1980s . 
TransCanada transports all gas that moves eastward from Alberta . 
Excluding special gains from tax-loss carry-forwards , earnings in the latest quarter were $ 117.7 million , or $ 1.12 a share , compared with $ 187.4 million , or $ 1.76 a share . 
Real estate analyst Lloyd Lynford says the Northeast 's distress is masked by relatively low vacancy rates . 
The climb in wholesale energy prices is certain to push up retail energy prices in the next few months , they warned . 
Mr. Lang feels that Time 's priorities changed . 
I 'm talking about landing in a canal . 
And when a defensive move was called for , D.T. passed up an obvious pawn move and instead exposed its queen to immediate tactical threats . 
Qintex Australia paid the management company A$ 32.6 million in the latest fiscal year . 
Gains in advertising revenue , however , resulted in operating profit of $ 78.4 million -- up 20 % from $ 65.6 million . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks . 
Rockwell International Corp. received a $ 26.7 million Navy contract for submarine ballistic missiles . 
In the past several days , however , the U.S. 's central bank has allowed a key interest rate to fall slightly to try to stabilize the markets . 
In a statement , Equitec Chairman Richard L. Saalfeld said the transfer will benefit both the company and investors in the 12 limited partnerships included in the proposed rollup . 
John M. McNamara , chief financial officer of Milton Roy , said the company has no comment on Crane 's filing . 
For example , a group of long-term Treasury bonds tracked by Merrill Lynch & Co. produced a total return of 1 % in the first quarter , 12.45 % in the second quarter and -0.06 % in the third quarter . 
But some attorneys who are familiar with the matter said the $ 6.5 million payment will be shared by Bally and Mr. Trump , with the casino and hotel concern probably paying the bulk of the money . 
In 1986 , Unocal sold a 7.5 % stake in the Veslefrikk field to Deutsche Erdolversorgungs G.m.b . H. , a West German oil company , for an undisclosed amount . 
Tomorrow 's `` On Sports '' column will look at another aspect of the college sports mess . 
Japanese government bonds showed little change . 
I really want to see that happen again . '' 
Erbamont will then be liquidated , with any remaining Erbamont holders receiving a distribution of $ 37 a share . 
Until a recent comeback , it saw steep losses in ad pages and circulation . 
Rowland , meanwhile , has expanded aggressively , and now ranks as the fifth-largest U.S. public relations firm , according to O'Dwyer's Directory of Public Relations Firms . 
One Board member , Bronx Borough President Ferdinand Ferrer , was said to be so impatient with Mr. Dinkins 's behavior at many meetings that he withheld his support for Mr. Dinkins 's mayoral effort until late in the primary campaign . 
McDonald 's Corp. said third-quarter earnings rose 14 % on a hefty sales gain , but domestic franchisees apparently did n't partake of the improvement . 
The reactions stem from the fact that the vaccine contains multiple copies of the whole Bordetella pertussis bacterium , which causes whooping cough . 
Although the network is n't connected to the computer systems that operate either Galileo or the shuttle , part of the network will carry analyses of Galileo data once the craft gets spaceborn . 
Your Sept. 25 criticism of credit-card foreign-exchange charges is unwarranted . 
The firm also will permit its members and the public `` to exercise their put and call options contracts traded on the Pacific exchange '' even if the exchange is closed , said Wayne Luthringshausen , chairman of Options Clearing . 
In San Francisco , they argue , an earthquake was a near certainty . 
Mr. Peters would fly to New York with the intention of telling Warner Communications Inc. Chairman Steven J. Ross that Guber-Peters planned to end its five-year contract to produce movies exclusively for Warner . 
Kim Schwartz , a spokesperson for the American Red Cross in Los Angeles , said television and radio stations in San Francisco played a `` very positive role '' by providing the address of 28 shelters of the Red Cross and by giving out the Red Cross number for contributions to help earthquake victims ( 1-800-453-9000 ) . 
The term greenmail refers to a situation where a company pays a premium over market value to repurchase a stake held by a potential acquirer . 
Honeywell said its Defense and Marine Systems group incurred delays in shipping some undisclosed contracts during the third quarter , resulting in lower operating profit for that business . 
Late in London , the dollar was quoted at 1.8410 West German marks and 142.70 Japanese yen , up from late Monday in New York . 
Nor do analysts expect the Sansui deal to touch off a fresh wave of foreign purchases . 
The company , which makes integrated circuits and other electronic parts , now has about 47 million common shares outstanding . 
Officials fear that any loosening this year could rekindle inflation or further weaken the pound against other major currencies . 
The unit will be renamed Comair Aviation Academy and will continue to be headed by Scott Williams , a son of its founder , Comair said . 
And those who remain , he says `` will demand a higher return and over time raise the cost of capital to companies . '' 
Moreover , their balance sheets are rich with diversity , their old plants shuttered , and work forces lean . 
China had refused to repatriate citizens who sneaked into Hong Kong illegally since early this month , when the colony allowed a dissident Chinese swimmer to flee to the U.S. . 
Highlights of the bills , as currently framed , are : -- A restriction on the amount of real estate one family can own , to 660 square meters in the nation 's six largest cities , but more in smaller cities and rural areas . 
DFC asked the central bank to appoint managers after it revised loan-loss provisions to around the same level of shareholders ' funds of 180 million New Zealand dollars ( US$ 105.4 million ) . 
The industry 's slowdown became apparent this month when AMR Corp. , parent of American Airlines , reported an 8.8 % drop in third-quarter net income and said its fourth quarter would be `` disappointing . '' 
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10-year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re-elected . 
Even in Russia we managed to give parties . 
According to the Commerce Department report , spending on durable goods -- items expected to last at least three years , including cars -- declined by $ 6.2 billion . 
Former Rep. Fernand St Germain , brought down by the savings-and-loan crisis , now represents -- you guessed it -- savings-and-loans associations . 
Textron said that nine-months ' results do n't include earnings of Avdel PLC , a British maker of industrial fasteners , but do include interest costs of $ 16.4 million on borrowings related to the proposed purchase of Avdel . 
Takeover stock speculators have incurred paper losses of over $ 700 million from the failed UAL offer , their worst loss ever on a single deal . 
The turmoil in junk bonds may last for years , investors and traders say . 
In addition , the suspension of loans and export credits from foreign governments and institutions following the June killings have been a big setback . 
Earlier this month , Convex made a bid to outflank other supercomputer competitors like Digital Equipment Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. by adopting an open set of standards and introducing new hardware and software to link different systems . 
That culture , carefully crafted by Mr. Smith , leaves little , if any , room for unions . 
In New York City , the new Chancellor , Joseph Fernandez , has landed like a 16-inch shell in the middle of a system that has been impervious to serious reform . 
`` It 's a very small shop . '' 
Monday , October 30 , 1989 
Even still , I did feel self-indulgent , and I could n't help remembering my father 's contempt for a rich medical colleague who would go to watch the Tigers on summer afternoons . 
There were two general reasons for the mistaken monetary policy of the past 30 years : 
Unlike those awful Republican consultants , Members do n't profit directly from HUD projects . 
Among the first trades reported by the securities firm of Jefferies & Co. , which makes a market in UAL after the exchange is closed , were 10,000 shares at $ 170 , 6,000 shares at $ 162 , 2,500 at $ 162 , and 10,000 at $ 158 . 
The close was the highest since August 3 . 
Those expanded powers reached their zenith in July when Bankers Trust New York Corp. provided mergers advice , an equity investment and bank loans for the $ 3.65 billion leveraged buy-out of Northwest Airlines parent NWA Inc . 
But this devastated the U.S. manufacturing sector , laying the seeds of protectionism . 
The U.S. Mint would n't take the coin because it was n't mutilated , and the Federal Reserve Bank accepts only clean coins , he says . 
Under the guise of `` healing the wounds of the nation , '' President Carter pardoned thousands of draft evaders , thus giving dignity to their allegations of the war 's `` immorality . '' 
Most yields on short-term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields . 
The service did n't identify its Tokyu sources . 
`` I 'm too old to waste a weekend , but that 's what I did , '' the 48-year-old Mr. Juliano moans . 
Tom Schlesinger , market analyst at A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. , says investors should consider selling if there has been a fundamental change in a company since they bought its stock . 
In 1987 , the West had the slowest sales growth , and the South and the Midwest were first and second respectively , according to the council . 
The composite portrait that emerges is n't of a pampered jock marking time until he can land a seven-figure pro contract -- he 's part of a tiny minority . 
`` I think it was something that we and they thought was constructive , '' said Stephen D. Weinroth , chairman and co-chief executive officer of Integrated . 
Castle Harlan Inc. , a New York merchant bank , and Quantum Fund said they would acquire the assets for a combination of cash and the assumption of certain of Sharon 's liabilities . 
Repression : emote control . 
More enemies to be dealt with . 
Conner also makes hard-disk drives for desktop computers and is a major supplier to Compaq , which as of July owned 40 % of Conner 's stock . 
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share . 
Matagorda County Navigation District No. 1 , Texas -- 
The company has 14 plants and distribution facilities in the U.S. , Puerto Rico , other parts of the Caribbean and Ireland . 
The economic loss , jobs lost , anguish , frustration and humiliation are beyond measure . 
R.H. MACY & Co. , New York , retailer , annual sales of $ 7 billion , said there was minor damage to its 24 Macy stores and nine I. Magnin stores in the Bay area . 
Headed by a former Waffen SS sergeant and working from a nationalistic platform of anti-foreigner rhetoric , the fledgling Republicans party has scored surprising gains in earlier elections in the states of West Berlin , Hesse and North-Rhine Westphalia . 
However , company officials said they plan to take `` no initiatives '' to resurrect the transaction , and `` are n't aware '' of any restructured bid in the making . 
The loan was to have matured in just two to three years , as soon as construction was completed . 
Ferro also said it would cancel the unused portion of a 1987 buy-back plan for administrative reasons . 
Among the souped-up indexing strategies : Indexed portfolios can be built around thousands of stocks , or just a few dozen , rather than being restricted to the S&P 500 companies . 
The Bush administration said it is submitting a `` comprehensive '' proposal for overhauling agricultural trade that could help break an impasse in the current round of multilateral trade negotiations . 
Under the proposed combination , Marsh & McLennan would gain a majority stake in Gradmann & Holler that would increase over time to the rest of the remaining 85 % . 
The state-owned industrial holding company Instituto Nacional de Industria and the Bank of Spain jointly hold a 13.94 % stake in Banco Exterior . 
But proponents believe they may be able to shake enough votes loose to override the veto if they are successful in portraying the legislation as a matter of parents ' rights . 
For the previous financial year , the bank would have reported a pretax profit of M$ 168 million if it had n't made provisions for the nonperforming loans , he said . 
A number of times they detected neutrons in one , sometimes two , of the three detectors , but only once during 411 hours of the experiment did they detect a neutron burst in all three detectors -- and they think that was a spurious event . 
Mr. Calloway blamed the slower volume on rainier weather , a dearth of new products in the industry and -- to a much lesser extent -- pricing . 
Although Olivetti 's profits tumbled 40 % in the first half of this year , she believes Olivetti 's restructuring last fall and its introduction of new products will begin to bear fruit with an earnings rebound next year , especially if it can fulfill its promise to deliver the new machines by December . 
Because of the interest connected with the issue , the London exchange took the unusual step of letting traders establish an officially sanctioned when-issued market . 
The market also moved at early afternoon on news that Jaguar shares were being temporarily suspended at 746 pence ( $ 11.80 ) each . 
The move was meant to keep a lid on interest rates and to boost investor confidence . 
CHARLES SCHWAB & CO. , San Francisco , discount brokerage firm , annual sales of $ 392 million , had only minor damage to headquarters building and was up and running for yesterday 's market open . 
Market conditions point to even lower prices next year . 
But after trading losses in the mid-October market jolts here , many people will be lucky to have jobs at all , executives predict . 
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack . 
The bank 's additional provisions brought reserves for loans to less-developed countries to $ 2.4 billion , covering 36 % of its medium and long-term loans outstanding to these nations . 
A women said she saw the park 's light standards sway . 
It also announced an initial public offering of 18 % of its gas exploration and production subsidiary . 
A good place to start the rehabilitation is a `` legislative line-item veto '' bill now being offered by Indiana Senator Dan Coats . 
LTV 's planned increase , which was announced in an Oct. 26 memo to district managers , does n't affect electrogalvanized steel or tin plate . 
According to military officers at the time , word was passed to Mr. Noriega by his American hosts that the police would be waiting . 
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express . 
The proposed acquisition provides for a cash payment of $ 10 a share at closing and a contingent payment of as much as 80 cents a share placed in escrow . 
One maneuver : the `` public education '' gambit . 
In affidavits filed in Los Angeles Superior Court in connection with the $ 1 billion breach-of-contract suit Warner brought against Sony for hiring the two producers , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters tell one story . 
`` Those who manage ideology and a large number of writers reacted badly '' to the restyled paper , says Lai Nguyen An , a literary critic . 
On almost every other farm in South Africa , black workers do the repairs . 
He believes Jaguar 's share price could zoom to between # 8 and # 10 ( $ 12.60 to $ 15.80 ) . 
Republicans have as much interest as Democrats in `` the way the system works , '' he notes . 
And , if still conscious at the evening 's end , you notice something else : The audience , at first entranced and hypnotized by the music , releases its pent-up feelings in collective gratitude . 
Both moves are effective today . 
And they still oppose as too costly an employer-paid health insurance bill sponsored by Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) despite his proposal to phase in small business only gradually . 
Mr. Ehrlich was succeeded as chairman by Gerd Krick , a director of Fresenius , a West German pharmaceutical concern . 
Other stocks in the Dow industrials that failed to benefit from the market 's rebound included United Technologies , which dropped 1 to 53 5\/8 , and Bethle hem Steel , which fell 1 to 16 7\/8 . 
Its stock closed at $ 38 , up $ 1.875 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
But yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only Messrs. Jacobson and Bates but four other Jacobson partners , all doing their specialist-firm job of tugging buyers and sellers together and adjusting prices to accommodate the market . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled more than 60 points after the report 's release , before recovering to close 18.65 points lower at 2638.73 . 
Few now recall the actual outcome : Scopes was convicted and fined $ 100 , and his conviction was reversed on appeal because the fine was excessive under Tennessee law . 
Machine tools are complex machines ranging from lathes to metal-forming presses that are used to shape most metal parts . 
Officials expect the Golden Gate Bridge to be swamped with an extra load of commuters , including East Bay residents making a long detour . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year issue rose less than an eighth of a point , or less than $ 1.25 for each $ 1,000 of face amount . 
`` These people are very skilled at finding out what makes a person tick , '' says Kent Neal , chief of the economic-crime unit of the Broward County State Attorney 's Office in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , a major haven for boiler rooms . 
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities . 
But trading risk stems from credit risk . 
The Nikkei continued to gain for the rest of the week , adding 1017.69 points in four days -- more than erasing Monday 's losses . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 377.80 an ounce , down 70 cents . 
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc . 
Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight . 
But why should an iffy $ 6.79 billion leveraged buy-out deal shake the foundations of the entire stock market ? 
The dollar rose modestly against most major currencies . 
Some weeks when her supermarket runs a double-coupon promotion , she boasts that she shaves $ 22 off her bill . 
The left-of-center Social Democrats and the environmental Greens party posted mixed results . 
BroadBeach Associates Inc. , the Los Angeles investment partnership whose $ 62-a-share bid for McGill Manufacturing Co. was topped recently by a competing offer from a Swedish concern , disclosed that it sold its entire 7 % McGill stake . 
Here are details of yesterday 's three-month and six-month bill auction : 
The Treasury bills sold yesterday settle today , rather than the standard settlement day of Thursday . 
The estimated improvement in Colgate 's U.S. operations took some analysts by surprise . 
New York Stock Exchange volume swelled to 198,120,000 shares . 
And on back-to-back roll calls , 206-199 and 223-178 , the Appropriations Committee leadership turned back efforts to weaken or strip the proposed restrictions first added by Sen. Warren Rudman ( R. , N.H. ) 
As much as Republicans led the opposition , among the 53 Democrats voting against treating the payments as an entitlement , 42 came from the 13 states in the Old Dixiecrat South and its borders . 
With the futures locked into a trading halt Oct. 13 and trading in some individual stock difficult , program traders would have undoubtedly fled to the basket system , the traders say . 
Shares closed lower in other major Asian and Pacific markets , including Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Wellington , Seoul and Manila . 
Earlier this year , Penney abandoned another home shopping venture , Telaction Corp. , after investing $ 106 million in it . 
Despite the strong case for stocks , however , most pros warn that individuals should n't try to profit from short-term developments . 
Now , after beating them , Mr. Achenbaum is joining them . 
East Rock Partners Limited Partnership said it proposed to acquire A.P. Green Industries Inc. for $ 40 a share . 
Lower feed prices may help animals eat more cheaply , but humans have to factor in an expensive middleman : the processor . 
`` We have designs for such { executive } cars , but have never been able to develop them , '' Sir John said . 
The Bay Area Rapid Transit `` withstood the earthquake perfectly , '' said Mr. Engelken , adding that the rail system was running a full fleet of 45 trains during the day to provide an alternative for highway travelers . 
In other stock-market news , the Tokyo Stock Exchange said that for the week ended Friday , the balance of margin buying rose 189.8 billion yen ( $ 1.34 billion ) , to 7.160 trillion yen ( $ 50.46 billion ) . 
In addition , the manufacturer said it signed a consent decree with Ohio to build a $ 1.4 million pollution-control facility at the Ashtabula chemical manufacturing plant by Aug. 1 , 1990 . 
Prior to this episode , Sen. Christopher Dodd ( D. , Conn. ) , sensing an open field , undertook a personal diplomatic mission through Central America to promote an early disbanding of the rebels . 
To maintain control over production and avoid overdependence on foreign sources , he says he still makes most of his furs in the U.S. . 
There are , however , some alternatives that income-oriented investors should consider , investment advisers say . 
The move is likely to anger traders . 
What kind of initiative should anyone expect from people out on the line who 've read all this and know what can happen if they fail ? 
At the GOP convention last year , he again came out for an amendment with exceptions for rape , incest and life endangerment . 
Because of their longstanding rivalry , GM just `` wants to make sure Ford pays a huge packet for ( Jaguar ) , '' said John Lawson , an auto analyst at London 's Nomura Research Institute . 
Mr. Ross , who will be chairman and co-chief executive officer of Time Warner after the merger is complete , denied that in his own affidavit , and called Mr. Yetnikoff 's remarks `` vicious '' and his claims `` reckless , irresponsible and baseless , '' saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan . 
So it was n't surprising that Mr. Jones returned to his Arkansas roots when he went looking for a replacement for Mr. Landry . 
September sales at major Japanese retail stores rose 9.4 % from a year earlier to 1.388 trillion yen ( $ 9.81 billion ) , marking the fifth-consecutive monthly increase , the Ministry of International Trade and Industry announced . 
Mr. Etzioni also suggests forbidding anyone from gathering background information about the jurors . 
Under the new terms , New World will still pay $ 540 million for Ramada 's hotel business , subject to adjustment at closing , but Ramada will now reimburse New World for $ 10 million in expenses . 
This week , the U.S. auto giant paid for 10 House of Commons members and two House of Lords members to fly to Detroit and tour its operations there . 
He wants it now . 
Security Pacific Corp. said third-quarter credit losses surged a third to $ 109 million , mainly because of sour Arizona real-estate loans . 
For Eurocom , meanwhile , the move gives it a strong U.S. foothold in Della Femina , and more than quadruples the size of its ad agency business world-wide . 
( Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. vs. LTV Corp . 
Business complained earlier this year when Sen. Kennedy introduced a bill that would require employers to provide a minimum level of health insurance to workers but does n't contain cost-control measures . 
Mr. Paul says that he has feelers out over much of the globe and that potential buyers from as far away as Japan and Italy have examined the collection . 
I ask this not necessarily as a native Ohioan . ) 
BART has increased service to 24 hours a day in preparation for the onslaught . 
`` It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency . 
The appeals court said there was no evidence that Congress intended to allow the pension agency to consider a company 's creation of new benefit plans as a basis for ordering that company to reassume liability for old plans . 
In one of the most sweeping environmental regulatory efforts to date -- involving products with an annual value of $ 135 billion in the U.S. alone -- the signatories agreed to curtail sharply the use of chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) . 
Private Eye had been threatened with closure because it could n't afford the libel payment . 
The Justice Department scrambled to play down the significance of revised guidelines concerning prosecutions under the federal racketeering law . 
Yet for all his cynicism , he 's at heart a closet idealist , a softy with a secret crush on truth , justice and the American Way . 
Often the genteel , conservative , long-term-oriented investment bankers were displaced by crude traders : `` When angered , he cursed so forcefully that his face reddened and his pale-blue eyes narrowed into tiny slits , '' the authors say of Lehman 's Lewis Glucksman . 
THE CASE OF THE FAKE DALIS : 
Under the initial proposal , for example , banks would have been required to disclose that portion of allowances for loan losses that reflects specific letters of credit for which customers had defaulted . 
Northeast Utilities ' plan proposes 5.5 % annual increases . 
The measure provides $ 321 million to maintain services but would sharply curb the power of the current board until successors are agreed to by the Bush administration . 
`` Generalizations about value are n't useful , '' says New York money manager John LeFrere of Delta Capital Management . 
Bank Building , which builds and equips banks , had announced it would restate the first-three quarters of this fiscal year , which ends Oct. 31 . 
Valley National said its $ 110 million provision for credit losses and $ 11 million provision for other real estate owned is related to weakness in the Arizona real estate market . 
The vaccine , VaxSyn HIV-1 , has been safely given to 14 people , some of whom are experiencing substantial increases in certain antibodies . 
Recession or not , people still eat , smoke , and take medicine when they 're sick . 
Bonds due 2003 , 2004 and 2015 are n't being formally reoffered . 
The Diet plays a minor role compared with the powerful bureaucratic system . 
When problems surface , the temptation becomes strong to summarily overhaul a market system that has served for more than 100 years . 
Dozens of workers were injured , authorities said . 
In joining MIPS , Control Data follows several competitors in embracing RISC as a new design approach . 
In a paper presented at the recent annual meeting of the National Association of Business Economists in San Francisco , Mr. Durkin comments that `` installment credit always grows rapidly in cyclical advances , and growth in this cycle is very typical of earlier experiences . '' 
Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs but would be subject to tax . 
Environmental concerns are beginning to have as much influence in oil-industry spending plans as the price of crude does . 
But the New Jersey U.S. attorney averaged 16 . 
Without legal recourse , there are no guarantees of civil rights for anyone . 
An appeals-court panel slashed all but $ 40,000 from the award , the largest ever set by a British jury , pending a reassessment of the damages . 
The seven-day compound yield of the Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar Fund was 9.51 % . 
In a statement to employees , Eastern said the company was disappointed by the ruling . 
-- Bar states from setting more stringent tolerance levels for a pesticide once the federal government has set a standard . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 3\/8 % one year . 
Jamaica costs 504 punts . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
GM confirmed it received U.S. antitrust clearance to boost its holding . 
The two unions already had significant leverage simply because their employer has yet to settle with either on new contracts . 
He was threatening to take over the carrier , after spending an estimated $ 167 million to build an 8.4 % USAir stake for his investment clients . 
Of immediate concern is whether the Thatcher government will continue Mr. Lawson 's policy of tracking the monetary policies of the West German Bundesbank and responding in kind when the Frankfurt authorities move interest rates . 
He is negotiating a rich book contract to boot . 
Trading was suspended in WCRS Group , a U.K. advertising concern , pending an announcement that it is buying the remaining 50 % of France 's Carat Holding for 2.02 billion French francs ( $ 318.7 million ) and expanding commercial and equity ties with advertising group Eurocom . 
Mr. Rosen said the quake will revive consumer interest in a little-publicized 1972 state law that requires brokers to disclose to potential buyers how close a property sits to a fault line . 
The TW buy-out may yet be financed . 
I just felt another aftershock a few seconds ago . 
Not so fast , says Rep. Mickey Edwards of Oklahoma , a fellow Republican . 
If they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from `` bringing home the bacon '' to their respective constituencies . 
We do not know whether RU-486 will be as disastrous as some of the earlier fertility-control methods released to unblinking , uncritical cheers from educated people who should have known better . 
For now , traders say the foreign exchange market is scrutinizing both federal funds and events on Wall Street . 
Outplacement consultant Right Associates says the average pay of its clients fell to $ 66,743 last year from $ 70,765 in 1987 ; severance pay dropped to 25 weeks from 29 . 
Despite the dollar 's lackluster performance , some foreign-exchange traders maintain that the U.S. unit remains relatively well bid . 
At General Dynamics , factors reducing earnings in the military aircraft segment included higher levels of cost-sharing in development of the Advanced Tactical Fighter , and the high cost of an advanced version of the F-16 fighter . 
Firms that are paying employment taxes also provide leads to competitors that are n't , he says . 
A state trial judge in Illinois gave preliminary approval to a proposed settlement of a suit against a Bank of New York Co. unit , Irving Trust Co. , over the interest rates on Irving 's former One Wall Street Account money-market deposit accounts . 
`` I have an old-fashioned name for people in that position : sick people who need health insurance , '' Rep. Waxman says . `` 
But ad executives who negotiated the deal say that works out to only $ 275,000 for a 30-second ad in the World Series through 1993 -- 17 % less than what ABC is charging for the Series this month . 
Environmentalists criticized the program as merely a public-relations attempt to head off a White House proposal to require a million cars a year that run on cleaner-burning fuels by 1997 . 
One investment banker who is n't involved in the deal says SCI TV needs at least $ 50 million of new equity to survive . 
There are , according to several securities commissioners , at least 16 states that are either close to settlements with Drexel or who do n't appear opposed to settling . 
Toyota Motor Corp. 's sales offices in Japan have one-tenth the computers per employee that its own U.S. offices do ; over the next five years , it is aiming for rough parity . 
Josh makes clumsy passes at Kate when she 's seething with anger and fear , but we know from the outset that he 's not a member of the evil patriarchy . 
However , the total value declined for deals of $ 100 million and up . 
The purchase comes after nearly three years of on-again off-again talks between TCI and Viacom , which has also discussed the sale of an interest in Showtime with other cable operators . 
At the time , though , in 1979 , the U.S. was once again flirting with its longtime Latin American spy . 
`` Having to take on less debt would certainly be an advantage , '' said Mr. Leblang . 
Common shares outstanding : 49 million 
Such loans often are used to finance leveraged buy-outs , and the agency is worried that a sharp market drop could create capital problems for the firms . 
In 1987 , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters contributed their company 's assets in exchange for a 28 % stake in Barris Entertainment , a small-fry TV production company controlled by Giant Industries Inc. Chairman Burt Sugarman . 
As you mentioned , subsidies for development on a number of barrier islands were curtailed in 1982 by the Coastal Barrier Resource System . 
Like Lebanon , Israel is being remade by demography . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , AMI common closed at $ 23.625 , up 12.5 cents , on volume of almost 1.8 million . 
Today , no one gets in or out of the restricted area without De Beers 's stingy approval . 
What 's more , the U.S. has suspended $ 2.5 million in military aid and $ 1 million in economic aid . 
When the IAFP recently assembled other industry groups to discuss common standards that might be applied to planners , Mr. Gargan 's group was excluded . 
Such news is good for bonds because economic weakness sometimes causes the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in an effort to stimulate the economy and stave off a recession . 
In that case , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters might not suffer financially , but they would be left without their dream job of running a studio and with a considerably scarred relationship with Warner . 
`` Pete and Jeff and Joe Jr. have taken over the reins and are doing most of the work . 
Share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam . 
Mr. Kasparov was underwhelmed . 
`` In our formula , we do n't have any losers except the competition . '' 
Nearly 36 % ranked housing problems as their most serious unmet legal need . 
The Tonawanda team determined that holdups for inspections were the main problem and identified which kinds of delays involved critical inspections and which were less critical or could be handled by workers already on the line . 
Such a statute illustrates the fundamental problem : Congress finds it is easier to pass sweepingly moralistic prohibitions , which the courts must thereafter interpret , than to engage in the difficult line-drawing distinctions that are inherently its responsibility . 
Their hope was that the catalyst would seek to oust the board in a solicitation of shareholder consents . 
In addition , they would receive some $ 200 million in payments for interest since then . 
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum-wage rise for low-paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital-gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers . 
Some laggard food issues attracted bargain-hunters , traders said . 
However , the bridge , which charges a $ 1 toll each way , does have `` loss of income '' insurance to replace lost revenue if the operation of the bridge is interrupted for more than seven days . 
`` The biographer\/critic , '' Judge Leval wrote , `` should not be required simply to express ... conclusions without defending them by example . 
My relationships with the British are totally different . 
Although he called current market conditions `` highly competitive , '' Mr. LaMothe , Kellogg 's chairman and chief executive officer , forecast an earnings increase for the full year . 
White , 24 years old , a singer in her church choir , she symbolizes a generation that gave its heart and its vote to Ronald Reagan . 
Alltel Corp. said it will acquire the 55 % of Pond Branch Telephone Company Inc. 's cellular franchise that it does n't own already . 
Arthur Price abruptly quit as president and chief executive officer of MTM Entertainment Inc. , a Los Angeles production company that has fallen on hard times . 
Saturday , Oct. 28 , 8-10 p.m. EDT , on HBO ( repeated Oct. 31 , Nov. 5 , 8 , 14 , 16 and 20 ) : `` Perfect Witness . '' 
The city 's Department of Consumer Affairs charged Newmark & Lewis Inc. with failing to deliver on its promise of lowering prices . 
It is what lawyers call `` fact intensive . '' 
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues . 
`` Campeau has too much debt . '' 
The plan creates a new category of students from `` socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds , '' a concept not yet defined , and gives them about 10 % of the class . 
A big solitary bear . 
When and if the trust runs out of cash -- which seems increasingly likely -- it will need to convert its Manville stock to cash . 
DeSoto Inc. said it is dismissing 200 employees as part of a restructuring aimed at producing pretax savings of $ 10 million annually . 
Judge Albert Green , in Cook County Circuit Court in Chicago , also recognized the suit , filed last May by Robert and Cynthia Langendorf , as a class action covering thousands of Irving customers . 
Jaguar and GM hope to win Jaguar shareholders approval for the accord partly by structuring it in a way that would n't preclude a full Ford bid once the golden share expires . 
`` It will take several meetings to resolve this , '' said a spokesman for the Machinists union . 
The survey also detected a bit more interest in golf , a positive sign for country clubs and golf club makers . 
`` It 's been kind of annoying , to say the least , '' she said . 
Stock prices rallied in active trading . 
Kean forces play down any differences with Mr. Courter , but this history makes it harder for the conservative to run against government . 
Cars ca n't move because of overflowing sewers . 
Polyurethane foam is a highly efficient insulator , which accounts for why the walls of refrigerators and freezers can be thinner now than they were back in the days when they were insulated with glass fiber . 
David Owen , U.K. economist with Kleinwort Benson Group , reduced his growth forecast for 1990 to 0.7 % from 1.2 % and termed the risk of recession next year `` quite high . '' 
Reynolds Metals Co. said third-quarter net income dropped nearly 10 % to $ 123.7 million , or $ 2.10 a share , from $ 137.2 million , or $ 2.56 a share , a year earlier . 
`` You 'll never know 'til you try , '' says a black skier . 
Those Metropolitan Life ads were bad enough . 
Blockbuster shares closed yesterday at $ 18.75 , down $ 1.125 , in New York Stock Exchange trading . 
U.S. Deputy Trade Representative Jules Katz replied that the proposal was entirely consistent with the April accord . 
Continental Airlines -- 
But Mr. Lagnado predicted the regional trends would continue through Christmas . 
Ogilvy 's chairman , Kenneth Roman , is leaving to take a top post at American Express . 
He can live with little pleasures . 
Did I buy it ? 
`` It 's pretty safe to assume we can bring the cost down of these systems by 30 % to 40 % a year , '' said Edward McCracken , the company 's chief executive officer . 
In one phone call , ski buffs can make hotel and restaurant reservations , buy lift tickets , rent ski equipment and sign up for lessons . 
Kidder Peabody does program trading for its own as well as clients ' accounts . 
TW 's pitch was that sales and earnings at its restaurants have risen steadily and that people wo n't stop eating during a downturn . 
Mr. Roberts also takes a swipe at the Bank 's adjustment lending . 
Apple Computer improved 7\/8 to 47 5\/8 ; Intel slipped 1\/4 to 33 1\/4 , and Valley National Corp. was up 1\/8 to 15 1\/8 . 
But even if they behaved recklessly , reasons still exist to fear and resist this steady process of case-by-case judicial extension of the law of insider trading . 
Sun said some of the growth reflects higher earnings in the oil sands operation of Suncor , a majority-owned Canadian subsidiary . 
Third-quarter profit was 16 % below the $ 304 million , or $ 1.50 a share , earned in the 1989 second quarter . 
NRM Energy Co. said it filed materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission calling for it to restructure into a corporation from a limited partnership . 
Members of the Senate Banking Committee know Mr. Breeden from working on the thrift-bailout bill , and the relationship generally remains warm . 
Avondale Industries Inc. , New Orleans , received a $ 23 million contract from the Navy to enlarge by 50 % the capacity of an auxiliary oiler . 
Curiously , he compares the Orange Workers to the ANC , which his father outlawed in 1960 . 
The fund 's lawyers work in an Athenian grove of potted trees . 
Toyota Motor Corp. , which opened a plant in Georgetown , Ky. , last year , saw sales triple to 6,256 vehicles . 
After 20 years of pushing labor proposals to overhaul the nation 's health-care system , Bert Seidman of the AFL-CIO is finding interest from an unlikely quarter : big business . 
That means that a corporation , after a specified amount of time has passed , can buy back its bonds by paying investors the face value ( plus , in some cases , a sweetener ) . 
The banks said an application for a concession to merge into one entity to be called Den Norske Bank AS was sent Monday to the Finance Ministry . 
She said Quotron switched to a backup system until the problems were corrected . 
Pemex , which produces 40 % of government revenue , desperately needs new investment . 
Edward J. Campbell , economist at Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. , New York , noted that large increases in construction activity along with government and private relief efforts could offset loss of production in those areas . 
Oncogenes must be present for a cell to become malignant , but researchers have found them in normal as well as in cancerous cells , suggesting that oncogenes do n't cause cancer by themselves . 
`` As a general rule , prior-review programs have not made case-by-case assessments of the comparative costs of alternative treatments or sites of care . '' 
Some investors whose names were bandied about by traders as potential UAL stock buyers said they were n't buying . 
Mr. Sugarman has in turn contended that the other major shareholder group -- whose interests are represented by three other directors connected to trusts in the name of the children of the company 's founder , James Patterson -- has ties to a competing fast food chain , Wendy 's International Inc . 
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners 542 to 362 , while 208 issues were unchanged . 
To the rest of us , the case is a puzzle . 
He predicted that the most popular growth companies will be those with `` some kind of unique product or franchise '' that makes them appear able to sustain their momentum . 
Furukawa Electric Co. , one of Japan 's leading electric wire and cable manufacturers , said unconsolidated pretax profit in the fiscal first half ended Sept. 30 fell 5.3 % to 6.11 billion yen ( $ 43.1 million ) from 6.45 billion yen a year earlier . 
According to the Soviet news agency Tass , `` Gorbachev expressed the conviction that the leadership of the Socialist Unity Party of { East } Germany , being sensitive to the demands of the time , ... will find solutions to complicated problems the GDR { German Democratic Republic } encountered . '' 
Mr. Paul says he had not one but four advisers and that he never bid impulsively . 
He notes that the Marshall Plan of U.S. aid to Europe `` did n't just throw money at post-war Europe , it also liberalized and opened up those markets . '' 
Activity was brisk in the high-grade general obligation market , as a series of sell lists hit the Street and capped upward price movement in the sector . 
Still , Kroger Co. , Pinnacle West Capital Corp. , CSX Corp. , Illinois Power Co. , Media General Inc. , Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp. and Gulf States Utilities Co. , did n't pay any federal income tax last year although they garnered a total of $ 1.2 billion in profits , the group said . 
But some Wall Street executives argue that such fears are unwarranted . 
Soviet police clashed with demonstrators in Moscow following a candlelight vigil around the KGB 's Lubyanka headquarters in memory of those persecuted under Stalin . 
That group includes banks and bondholders , who have claims of $ 150 million and $ 350 million respectively . 
Moreover , companies have sold off many of their smaller , less-profitable hospitals and have completed painful restructurings . 
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Columbia , S.C . 
We should also concede that in the British experience the monetarist cause regains some of the credibility it lost in the U.S. experience . 
Meanwhile , overall evidence on the economy remains fairly clouded . 
Third , the IMF would like to meet Japan 's request for increased ownership ( currently 4.5 % ) . 
One reason : efforts to protect the spotted owl led to restrictions on logging in the Pacific Northwest , constricting supply and forcing prices up . 
Dallas investor Harold C. Simmons said he raised his stake in Lockheed Corp. to 10.62 % from 10.43 % of the aerospace and electronics concern 's common shares . 
Joe Frank Sanderson Jr. was elected president and chief executive officer of this poultry producer . 
`` It does n't replace pitching in the majors , but it proves to me that I would have been able to play if I 'd stayed healthy , '' he says . 
It said the regular 1988 deficit amounted to $ 43.5 million , based on revenue of $ 74.4 million and expenses of $ 117.9 million . 
Later , the judge went a step farther . 
The staggering losses cap a tumultuous year for Alan Bond and his flagship , Bond Corp . 
The gene thus can prevent a plant from fertilizing itself . 
Chairman Edward L. Hennessy Jr. said that a drop in sales of auto and truck parts contributed to lower earnings in the automotive unit . 
Abortion foes in Wisconsin , meanwhile , expect a parental-consent bill to be sent to the state assembly floor by early November and are hopeful of prevailing in both houses by next March . 
While results were mixed in many states , `` small business got by fairly well , '' concludes Don L. Robinson , associate director of the National Federation of Independent Business , the largest small-business organization . 
But now , Peter Behrendt , president , says , `` We 're making decisions on a day-to-day basis . '' 
David Baltimore , who has just been named president of Rockefeller University , already knows what it 's like to go through life with `` Nobel laureate '' appended to one 's name . 
Swiveling in his chair , Mr. Straszheim replies that the new outlook , though still weak , does n't justify calling a recession right now . `` 
Ciba-Geigy AG , the big Swiss chemicals company , said that it agreed in a letter of intent with Corning Inc. to acquire Corning 's 50 % share of Ciba Corning Diagnostics Corp. , based in Medfield , Mass . 
The quarterly dividend is payable Dec. 1 to shares of record Nov. 3 . 
Cincinnati-based P&G took an interest ; it ordered two studies on psyllium and cholesterol . 
Mr. Dave , its head , acts cheery and patient , but he makes no bones about the need to get to work . 
The massages last 15 minutes and typically cost about $ 10 . 
But overall buying interest remained strong through Monday , with many observers saying they expect the Nikkei to continue with moderate gains this week . 
Yesterday , Mr. Skase said the company is `` solvent and with the continued support of its bankers is able to meet its financial commitments . '' 
FOR YEARS , costume jewelry makers fought a losing battle . 
Playing black in the first game , the human champion maneuvered Deep Thought , known for its attacking prowess , into a totally passive position . 
Both said the new plan would n't work . 
But the worst possibility would be raising no working capital , he said . 
Mr. Smith says the Bill of Rights commercial , which trumpets the themes of liberty and freedom of expression , is n't designed to have any special appeal for smokers . 
The head of another small options clearing firm , who asked not to be identified , said that the heightened volatility in the financial markets in recent years makes it increasingly difficult for any but the largest financial trading firms to shoulder the risk inherent in the highly leveraged options and futures business . 
Mr. Garcia , who represents New York 's 18th congressional district , which includes the Bronx , said he has n't decided whether he will resign . 
Although Larsen & Toubro had n't raised money from the public in 38 years , its new owners frequently raise funds on the local market . 
Roderick D. Reed III , who was also chief operating officer of FirstSouth , could receive a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine . 
Faced with inevitable defeat , the once dominant industry declined any recorded vote on the ban , which covers all but a fraction of 1 % of daily flights in the U.S. . 
And Resolution Funding Corp. said late yesterday that it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds Wednesday . 
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama-based company , Southbrook Holdings . 
`` I thought it was in the upper deck , '' said Bobby Thomson , now 66 years old . 
The Senate will deliberate behind closed doors today and is scheduled to vote on the impeachment tomorrow . 
They divert law-enforcement resources at a time they are most needed for protecting lives and property . 
That is a skill Sony badly needs -- and Warner is loath to lose . 
Debenture holders are expected to convert most of the debentures into common because the value of the stock received in a conversion would exceed the $ 1,103.11 redemption price . 
`` This suggests the bailout law is having a more dramatic effect than anyone would have imagined so soon . '' 
Ads for England are artsy and irreverent . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
An estimated $ 1.57 billion is separately allocated for the National Science Foundation , and within the Housing and Urban Development Department , more than $ 9.2 billion is provided for federally assisted housing , including an expanded effort to modernize public housing units that serve the poorest families . 
State Farm said about 25 % of its policyholders in California have also purchased earthquake insurance . 
The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older from July 7 to July 15 , 1989 . 
While IBM has traditionally dominated the market for computers on the business side of manufacturing operations and has done well in the market for design tools , Digital has dominated computerized manufacturing . 
Try combining a money fund and an intermediate-term bond fund as a low-risk bet on falling rates , suggests Back Bay Advisors Inc. , a mutual fund unit of New England Insurance Co . 
Stockholders will vote on the proposal at a meeting Dec. 13 . 
That , coupled with lower semiconductor prices and higher semiconductor-depreciation expense , contributed to the decline in sales and profit . 
The Dow Jones industrials sank 26.23 points , to 2662.91 . 
After reportedly investing $ 100 million in the business , Discovision ceased manufacturing operations in 1982 and sold many of its assets to Tokyo-based Pioneer , among others . 
It must be able to handle most of the complaints that can not be solved in the trenches by managers and their subordinates , else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases . 
`` Allowing the EPA to condone continued use of a chemical whenever the benefits outweigh the risks is absolutely anathema to the environmental community . '' 
MIPS is a leader in what is known as reduced-instruction set computing , or RISC , a technology combining microprocessors and sophisticated software . 
These movements were offset , however , by a steep rise in corporate income tax payments to 199 million francs from 35 million in the first six months of 1988 . 
After the payment , Healthcare still will be $ 6.5 million in arrears on rent and mortgage payments to HealthVest , a real estate investment trust whose portfolio consists largely of properties operated by Healthcare . 
`` People hate to write , '' he says . 
The media has raised questions about Larsen & Toubro 's issue , pointing out that it exceeds the company 's annual sales and its market capitalization . 
One party could stand for consumer interests , small government , free trade and globalism to put Japan clearly among the most developed and open countries . 
In the third quarter , the economy grew at a moderate 2.5 % annual rate . 
A reintegrated Europe implies big changes in 40-year-old military and economic policies . 
Domestic demand continues to grow , but its contribution to higher production was sapped in September by the estimated 2 % fall in imports , accompanied by a growing tendency for Japanese manufacturers to build vehicles overseas , according to the association . 
They are all priced at par . 
Meeting with reporters Friday , Mr. Darman again said he would rather live with across-the-board spending cuts than accept a deficit-reduction bill like the one passed by the House , which would increase spending in future years . 
That plan would provide a 30 % exclusion to assets sold over a 2 1\/2-year period ending Dec. 31 , 1991 . 
The price of attracting capital -- whether one 's own or that of foreigners -- is a trade deficit . 
And they have bought about $ 500 million in prepaid-tuition plans , offered in Michigan , Florida and Wyoming . 
Of the 11 components to the index , only three others rose in September : the money supply , the length of the average work week and stock prices . 
I like rather tea , because it is at the end of the day . '' 
Otherwise , the scene remained Celimene 's house in 1666 . 
UAL stock plummeted a further $ 24.875 to $ 198 on volume of more than 2.8 million shares in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once-sacred workout . 
The main advantage of a convertible mortgage is that it is not a sale and therefore does not trigger costly transfer taxes and reappraisal . 
( Secondary guarantees of pools of FHA - and VA-backed loans by the agency known as Ginnie Mae currently exceed $ 330 billion . ) 
Ground zero of the HUD scandal is the Secretary 's `` discretionary fund , '' a honey pot used to fund projects that were n't approved through normal HUD channels . 
Some industry groups consistently weather the storm better than others . 
An estimated $ 321 million is provided to maintain the program , but Mr. Rudman also succeeded in attaching language seeking to curb the authority of the current board until new members are confirmed . 
The natural resources development concern said proceeds will be used to repay long-term debt , which stood at 598 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 510.6 million ) at the end of 1988 . 
MCI COMMUNICATIONS Corp. said it filed a shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission for issuance of as much as $ 750 million of debt securities . 
He told reporters he had information that Mr. Fournier was preparing to buy as much as 20 % of Paribas , up from less than 5 % currently . 
Mr. Saltzburg , who teaches evidence at the University of Virginia School of Law and was a deputy assistant attorney general in the U.S. Justice Department until August , submitted his resignation earlier this month to federal Judge Robert R. Merhige Jr. , in Richmond , Va . 
Much of the family 's mystique remained . 
MCI traded as low as 41 3\/8 during the session . 
When the opportunist Lucio ( Jack Stehlin ) visits the convent to inform Isabella of her brother 's fate , Lucio not only slaps the mother superior on her rear , but brings along a voluptuous companion ( Jill Powell ) , not in Shakespeare 's script , to undulate lasciviously . 
NBC News has produced three episodes of an occasional series produced by Sid Feders called `` Yesterday , Today and Tomorrow , '' starring Maria Shriver , Chuck Scarborough and Mary Alice Williams , that also gives work to actors . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 250 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 11 classes by Morgan Stanley . 
The updated forecast , published Aug. 25 , compares with an earlier forecast of 6 % published March 1 and a 7.4 % rate achieved in 
Mr. Ferguson said a continued softness in New York City area 's economy and increased competition , particularly in the private-line market , took a heavy toll on earnings . 
The Hackensack , N.J. , company said holders would receive for each $ 1,000 face amount , $ 750 face amount of a new issue of secured senior subordinated notes , convertible into common stock at an initial rate of $ 6.50 a share , and 50 common shares . 
One photo shows a woman sporting a scar she says was made by a laser beam ( a low-caliber weapon , from the looks of the wound ) . 
Marks declared an interim per-share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier . 
Completion of the exchange offer is subject to the tender of at least 80 % of the debt , among other things . 
`` It 's an extremely complex market , and you have to be prepared to make a big commitment , '' Mr. Forrester says . 
`` First , we have better quality assurance than ever , because the people building the product have taken on more responsibility for the quality of their own work . 
As a result , Canada 's trade surplus with the U.S. narrowed to C$ 656.5 million ( US$ 558 million ) in August from C$ 1.23 billion ( US$ 1.04 billion ) in July . 
A Generali spokesman declined to comment on Nuovo Banco 's rejection of the insurer 's offer . 
The revival of the real estate mortgage investment conduit market reflected the relative calm in the mortgage market after two days of volatile trading . 
Most is concentrated in five Persian Gulf countries , including his own , Issam Al-Chalabi , Iraq 's oil minister , told the conference Friday . 
`` People will learn to be more circumspect . 
Maidenform generated such memorable campaigns as `` I dreamed I ... in my Maidenform bra , '' and `` The Maidenform woman . 
As part of the transaction , Edisto agreed to give Mesa , an Amarillo , Texas , oil and gas partnership managed by T. Boone Pickens Jr. , a seat on its board . 
Aside from slashing costs and investing heavily in its plants , Akzo has spent 3.9 billion guilders ( $ 1.88 billion ) on acquisitions since 1983 to give it better balance . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries a warrant exercisable Dec. 1 , 1989 , through Nov. 9 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Nov. 2 . 
Or call it the wave of the future . 
The economic dislocation was as abrupt as the earthquake itself , as virtually all businesses shut down . 
For example , he says that since 1985 , he and Mr. Peters have developed over 85 movie projects , and Warner has `` passed '' or chosen not to produce at least 76 . 
While Mr. Timbers explained he 's `` not totally convinced index arbitrage changes the overall level of the stock market , '' he said that `` on an intraday basis , it has major effects . 
If approved at a shareholder meeting in December , the number of shares outstanding would decrease to five million from 50 million , and par value would rise to 10 cents from a penny . 
More than 400 traders jammed the S&P 500 futures pit to await the opening bell . 
Racial gerrymandering has been a familiar policy in New York City since 1970 , when Congress first amended the Voting Rights Act to expand its reach beyond the Southern states . 
At about 10:40 a.m. EDT , several big buy orders hit the S&P pit simultaneously , lifting the futures up out of the trading limit and eventually into ranges that caused computer-driven program buying of stocks . 
Within the appropriations conference yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure is the second largest of the annual domestic spending bills and covers a disparate collection of accounts for science , housing , veterans and the environment . 
In its brief , the government asserted that it needs the internal GE documents to rebut anticipated efforts by GE during the trial to demonstrate `` its good corporate character . '' 
Officials at the Department of Revenue had dogged the foreign car maker for taxes owed on business transactions and were proceeding to settle the dispute in court . 
Answers to a dozen questions in the 1986 , 1987 , 1988 and 1989 national surveys reveal that men and women in the 18 to 24 age bracket are considerably more liberal on race and gender than were the 18 to 24 year olds in NORC 's polling in the early 1970s and early 1980s . 
Traders said property-casualty companies with the heaviest exposure in the San Francisco area include the OTC 's Safeco and Ohio Casualty . 
In the 1988 quarter , many farmers were forced to sell their cattle to feedlot operators because the drought dried out the pasture on their ranches . 
The company said that improved results in its financial-services sector were negated by increased costs in its government contract business , lower operating earnings in its commercial-products sector and soft automotive markets . 
The bill would then declare that the debt is equity and therefore is n't deductible . 
The plan would increase the warranty on auto-emission systems to eight years or 80,000 miles from five years or 50,000 for major parts . 
Now , at least some predictability has returned , for everyone from economists to motorists . 
Some smaller clients do n't seem to notice his switch . 
Spokesmen at Drexel and First Executive said the companies had n't yet been served with the suit . 
Indeed , over-the-counter stocks , led by technology issues , outleaped the industrial average . 
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner . 
The GAO has recommended the creation of a system to record trade data so that an independent , verifiable audit trail can be established to prevent customer fraud . 
The media concern said net income rose to $ 37.8 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 32 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Nausea and vomiting are other common side effects . 
Under details of the accord , Credit Lyonnais will take slightly more than 50 % of Thomson-CSF Finance in exchange for about 14 % of its own shares . 
Revenue was reduced $ 33 million by three extraordinary items : a California Public Utilities Commission refund for an American Telephone & Telegraph Co. billing adjustment ; a provision for productivity sharing to be paid to customers in 1990 and a one-time accrual for a toll settlement with long-distance telephone companies . 
But in recent years , the market has moved toward less expensive `` mini-component '' sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players that could be stacked on top of each other . 
`` This is America , '' he says . 
Holiday said Salomon Brothers Inc. has been retained to act as the dealer-manager and financial adviser in connection with the offer and solicitation . 
The group , led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Mr. Sugarman , owns about 45.2 % of Rally 's . 
Glasnost may be partly responsible , but Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze last year admitted , `` The exaggerated ideological approach undermined tolerance intrinsic to UNESCO . '' 
The farmers ran a boycott , and meat disappeared from the shops . 
In February , Mr. Thornburgh announced his plan to abolish the units . 
Rep. Jamie Whitten of Mississippi and chairman of House Appropriations turned a $ 20 million Bush request for his state into a $ 49.7 million bequest . 
United Parcel Service , Greenwich , Conn. , said its operations in the San Francisco area have been reduced to 40 % of normal . 
The TVA said the refinancing should save $ 75 million a year in interest payments . 
Meanwhile , the brokerage firms in San Francisco were trying to cope . 
For example , Akzo has only minor petrochemical operations , is small in plastics and does n't make fertilizers . 
But as you may know , things are not going well for Violetta . 
The government retained the single share after selling its stake in Jaguar in 1984 -- part of a nationalistic practice of protecting former government-owned enterprises to deflect criticism of privatization . 
Nonetheless , `` Delmed currently expects that 1990 sales ... will be significantly below their 1989 level , '' the company said in a statement . 
`` Whenever corporate profits are weak that means capital spending is going to soften subsequently , '' Mr. Harris said . 
HomeFed said the slide in loan originations was more a matter of design than a sign of cooling in the California market . 
Nearly 1,000 investors responded to the Journal 's poll , providing an in-depth look at their portfolios . 
Shareholders of Central , a bank holding company based in Sterling , Ill. , will receive Amcore stock equal to 10 times Central 's 1989 earnings , Amcore said . 
Scientists say the discovery of these genes in recent months is painting a new and startling picture of how cancer develops . 
The Examiner and the San Francisco Chronicle were able to publish despite Tuesday 's quake , which occurred close to deadline for many newspapers . 
Despite the absence of samovars ( and a tendency to turn the furniture upside down ) , the production is rich in Russian ennui voiced by languorous folk sporting beige linen and rumpled cotton , with boaters and fishing poles aplenty . 
That acquisition could further dilute earnings per share this year , the company spokeswoman said . 
`` It was like a comedy of errors , '' says Martin J. `` Hoot '' McInerney , a big dealer whose Star Lincoln-Mercury-Merkur operation in Southfield , Mich. , sold more XR4Ti 's than any other dealership . 
The drop in earnings had been anticipated by most Wall Street analysts , but the results were reported after the market closed . 
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy . 
From his new , million-dollar-a-year perch on Wall Street as a managing director of Wertheim Schroder & Co. , Mr. Coelho reports that many of his former colleagues have contacted him to find out how they , too , can pursue investment banking careers . 
In Congress , lawmakers already are looking for ways to add relief funds . 
AMR declined to comment , and Mr. Trump did n't respond to requests for interviews . 
But the technology , while reliable , is far slower than the widely used hard drives . 
Says she : `` Once you add dramatizations , it 's no longer news , it 's drama , and that has no place on a network news broadcast ... . 
Mr. Ingersoll remains editor in chief of the company 's recently launched daily , the St. Louis Sun . 
They could also check through the orders on file to find a customer that was willing to accept a lower grade of polyethylene . 
Bud Konheim , president of Nicole Miller Inc. , says his company is now shipping only to the flagship stores of the Federated and Allied chains . 
Dayton Hudson 's repurchase offer , representing about 9 % of its common shares outstanding , had established a range of between $ 60 and $ 65 for the buy-back . 
Mr. Alexander , for his part , insisted that the punchers ca n't assign their pummeling rights to anyone else , ca n't use a blunt instrument and ca n't take a running start . 
If rates unexpectedly rise , the increasing return on the money fund will partly offset the lower-than-expected return from the bond fund . 
Deeply ingrained in both the book review `` Kissing Nature Good-bye '' by Stephen MacDonald ( Leisure & Arts , Sept. 27 ) and the books reviewed is the assumption that global warming is entirely a result of human activity . 
`` As far as we 're concerned , we 're waiting for the dust to settle , '' he said . 
Already last week , Mr. Krenz started overhauling East Germany 's heavily censored and notoriously boring news media . 
FORMER CANADIAN AMBASSADOR to the U.S. Allan E. Gotlieb has joined the Philadelphia law firm of Pepper , Hamilton & Scheetz as a consultant . 
The Diet does n't normally even debate bills because the opposition parties are so often opposed to whatever LDP does that it would be a waste of time . 
But those holders are often foreign investors and tax-exempt pension funds that do n't pay taxes on their holdings . 
`` Depending on the president , we could either be a trillion-dollar economy by the end of the century or stay where we are , '' says political scientist Amaury de Souza . 
Bond prices continued to edge higher in anticipation of more news showing a slower economy . 
On Friday , trading in practically every issue ground to a halt as potential buyers fled and brokerage firms were unwilling to provide bid and offer prices for most issues . 
Grumman Corp. was given a $ 15 million Navy contract for aircraft-electronics improvements . 
Martha was pleased , but nowhere near as much as Mr. Engelken . 
Nancy Igdaloff , who works in corporate payments at Bank of America in San Francisco , may be a good prospect for such a gizmo . 
A year ago , when almost nothing was happening amid these desolate dunes , `` you 'd spend two days working and two days in the yard , '' he recalls . 
In what amounts to an admission that the transition has n't gone as smoothly as Sears had hoped , the giant retailer is now trying new ways to drum up business without appearing to abandon its seven-month-old strategy . 
Use of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law against white-collar defendants , as opposed to alleged organized-crime figures , has come under attack from some defense lawyers and legal scholars . 
But his fans , to his constant amazement , never let him forget the famous four-bagger . 
Third-quarter sales dropped 11 % to $ 1.27 billion from $ 1.43 billion a year ago . 
It also was n't known what the impact will be on the division 's work , which includes the Navy 's Trident submarine-based missile program and the Air Force 's Strategic Defense Initiative . 
But sale increases were offset by slumping sales in flat glass and fiberglass reinforcements , the company said . 
Mr. Lieber , the actor who plays Mr. Hoffman , says he was concerned at first that the script would `` misrepresent an astute political mind , one that I admired , '' but that his concerns were allayed . 
The company reported a big third-quarter loss on Thursday . 
More than 20 new managing directors and senior vice presidents have been hired since January . 
`` A lot of growers wo n't be around in a few years , '' says Mr. Norton , although they have stopped using Alar . 
Here is the Commerce Department 's latest report on personal income . 
Inco closed at $ 31.125 a share , down 62.5 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Mr. Holmes was the subject of a page one profile in The Wall Street Journal in 1984 , after the SEC questioned him about ties between him and companies he touted in a newsletter . 
But if the investment ca n't be bought or sold immediately , the order is automatically canceled . 
He recently trimmed his portfolio of International Paper , Dow Chemical , Quantum Chemical , International Business Machines and Digital Equipment . 
He said Ms. Levine had never been fired , although she had stopped working at the restaurant . 
First Security Corp. said it tentatively agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp. for stock valued at about $ 18 million . 
Maybe it 's not that simple . 
Among the types of cases the in-house litigators handle are disputes involving companies doing business with GM and product-related actions , including one in which a driver is suing GM for damages resulting from an accident . 
Late in the New York trading day , the dollar was quoted at 1.8578 marks , up from 1.8470 marks late Thursday in New York . 
The government probably would n't give in readily to a hostile foray by Ford , however . 
They know all the answers and are not used to working more than 40 hours a week . 
KKR already has made about $ 1 billion of gains from earlier transactions with SCI TV , thus it is n't significantly affected by the company 's troubles . 
`` We were able to get advertisers to use their promotion budget for this , because they get a chance to do couponing , '' says Ms. Seaman . 
COHERENT INC. , Palo Alto , laser maker , annual sales of $ 159 million , was closed yesterday but expects to reopen today . 
One big technology issue , Novell , rode the roller coaster . 
PepsiCo Inc. will give away 4,000 sets of `` Game Boy , '' Nintendo 's new hand-held video game in a two-month promotion scheduled to begin Nov. 1 . 
We have people in high place still lying through their teeth about Iran-Contra , and that apparently is n't going to change . 
A `` senior Fed official '' spoke on Saturday after the market swoon to both the Washington Post and the New York Times , saying the Fed was prepared to provide as much credit as the markets needed . 
Jujo Paper said its pretax profit rose 0.3 % to 13.05 billion yen from 13.02 billion yen . 
A special section dealing with aviation rights states that landing rights for Hong Kong 's airlines , which include the smaller Hong Kong Dragon Airlines , will continue to be negotiated by Hong Kong 's government . 
It may be straightforward -- he wants money for food -- or incredibly convoluted ; his sister is at this very moment near death in Hoboken , he has lost his wallet and has only $ 1.22 in change to put toward a bus ticket costing $ 3.83 , and wo n't you give him the difference ? 
`` Clubs need to be run like restaurants where every square foot makes a dollar , '' he says . 
Italian papers speculated the briefcase contained papers either exonerating the Vatican bank from blame in the scandal , or showing that the bank , known as the Istituto per le Opere di Religione , channeled funds to East bloc groups such as Solidarity in Poland . 
No power , minimal phones , and a mess of mayonnaise , wine , and everything else all over the floors of the big old general store and the People 's Co-op . 
Hong Kong has built a detention center for illegal immigrants from China because China has refused for the past two weeks to accept them back . 
Moreover , serious questions have been raised about the claimed withdrawal of Soviet forces . 
Avon also said it will issue an additional 243,677 of the Class C warrants to holders of its Class A , Class B and unclassified warrants . 
One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker , which seats just one person in front and could hold a small child and bag of groceries in the rear . 
Once triggered , the rights allow holders to buy additional shares at 50 % of the then current market price or , at the board 's discretion , to receive securities or assets . 
Mr. Gebhard adds that spending on environmental red tape amounts to between 6.5 % and 7.5 % of Impco 's total operating expenses . 
Mr. O'Brien will elaborate on the SIA 's position in testimony before the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee this week , a spokesman said . 
Mr. Cornell has just completed a study that finds that the risks and returns of junk bonds are less than on common stocks but more than on investment-grade bonds . 
I have not offered and will not offer routine therapy with the two drugs , levamisole and 5-fluorouracil , to any of my colon-cancer patients . 
Stone Container Chairman Roger Stone said that , unlike for some other paper products , demand for Stone 's principal commodity , unbleached containerboard , remains strong . 
The petition challenged First Union 's lending record in the state , saying that the bank-holding company had `` shut itself off from contact with the low-income community and is redlining almost every black neighborhood that it serves in the state . '' 
`` We consider that his bid is an acceptable bid , '' said Sandra Kolber , spokeswoman for the independent directors ' committee appointed last May to solicit and review bids for the company in the wake of a dispute between Mr. Drabinsky and Cineplex 's major shareholder , MCA Inc . 
He is sitting in his living room , beneath a huge portrait of his late father , Hendrik F. Verwoerd , apartheid 's architect and South African prime minister from 1958 to 1966 . 
With a Twist of the Wrist Boys with tops , and Frisbee tossers , And P.R. types with bees in their bonnet , Have a goal in common , all of them try To put the right spin on it . 
Because Justice Rubin turned 76 on May 9 , he is n't eligible to be reappointed to the bench at the end of the year . 
Risk is also a function of time . 
The pound also dropped precipitously against the mark , falling below the key 2.90-mark level to 2.8956 marks from 2.9622 marks late Wednesday . 
The implication that if a congressman calls about a project in his district there 's something wrong , I think is most unfortunate . '' 
`` It 's very important that we exude confidence , even though within the family we know there 's a lot of hard work ahead , '' said Richard Miller , the Lowell , Mass. , computer concern 's new president , in a video message to salespeople a month after he took over . 
`` It was a good reminder that we all need to prepare prior to an event . '' 
Johnstown attorney Richard J. Green Jr. shelled out $ 500 in loans to the judge over five years , he said in testimony to the grand jury . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-stock Index rose 5.37 to 347.13 and the Nasdaq composite index jumped 7.52 to 470.80 . 
`` You get equity-like returns '' from bonds if you guess right on rates , says James E. Wilson , a Columbia , S.C. , planner . 
For the nine months , Boeing 's net increased 36 % to $ 598 million , or $ 2.60 a share , from $ 440 million , or $ 1.92 a share . 
Among engineering firms , CRS Sirrine rose 5\/8 to 34 1\/4 on the Big Board and four others rallied on the American Stock Exchange : Jacobs Engineering Group , which gained 1 1\/8 to 25 3\/8 , Greiner Engineering , which rose 3 1\/2 to 22 1\/2 ; Michael Baker , which added 1 1\/4 to 15 1\/4 , and American Science & Engineering , up 1\/2 to 8 1\/2 . 
David N. Hurwitz , president and chief operating officer of Goodson , said in a telephone interview that the company does n't currently have any plans to sell additional newspapers . 
William Bennett , the White House drug-policy director , accused local officials in the Washington area of blocking construction of prison facilities to house convicted drug dealers . 
`` With the decline in stock prices and continued low or stable interest rates , stocks are representing a better value all the time , '' Renaissance President Frank W. Terrizzi said yesterday . 
With most legislatures adjourned for the year , small business is tallying its scorecard . 
And their suspicions of each other run deep . 
Travelers and other insurers have maintained that cleanup costs are n't damages and thus are n't covered under commercial policies . 
`` What they want us to do just is n't practical , '' he says , noting that he employs 16 blacks . 
Do n't worry ; people will learn to read as long as there are TV program listings . 
The insurer has started processing claims from the Northern California earthquake nearly two weeks ago . 
Newspapers published articles about him , and he was hailed as `` the tire king . '' 
There has been a surge in syndicated children 's shows to independent stations , as well as competition from videocassettes for kids and from cable outlets such as Nickelodeon and the Disney Channel . 
Born the illegitimate son of his father 's maid , he was raised on the mean streets of the central market district of Panama City . 
The Treasury said a surge in tax receipts noted earlier in the year did n't turn out to be quite as strong as it first appeared . 
HOT TOPIC : 
SHEDDING GLITTER : 
But because first-quarter demand is normally the weakest of the year , several market participants say , OPEC production will have to decline to keep prices from eroding further . 
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings . 
Drexel 's proposed state fines have been based on a state 's population and on the size of Drexel 's business in the state . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Knight Ridder closed at $ 51.50 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard . 
The metals segment , hurt by a strike , had break-even results , against $ 3 million a year ago . 
We 're not saying drink more , we 're saying trade up . '' 
Mourning for the father is overshadowed by the shame of burying him in a pauper 's grave . 
Customer-access lines increased at an annualized rate of about 4 % and minutes of long-distance use rose about 12 % . 
There ca n't be an older baseball fan alive who does n't clearly remember that Bobby Thomson homer , who ca n't tell you where he was when he heard the famous Russ Hodges radio broadcast -- the one that concluded with Mr. Hodges shouting , over and over , `` The Giants win the pennant , the Giants win the pennant ! '' 
A state appellate court reinstated the 1987 convictions of Pymm Thermometer Corp. and two of its executives on charges of assault for exposing workers to toxic mercury vapors . 
This ballpark , the Stick , was not a classic baseball stadium -- too symmetrical , too much bald concrete . 
The restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will involve the transfer and layoff of employees in U.S. operations to reduce costs and focus efforts in other areas . 
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . '' 
For all six million workers under major collective bargaining agreements , regardless of when they were signed , wage increases in the first nine months of 1989 averaged 2.5 % -- including cost-of-living adjustments . 
Both accounts reflect significant increases from fiscal 1989 , although the amount for peace-keeping shows a 27 % cut from the administration 's request . 
`` There are very few companies that can boast of such a close-knit group , '' says Robert A. Brawer , 52 years old , recently named president , succeeding Beatrice Coleman , his mother-in-law , who remains chairman . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
Once he was held for three months without being charged . 
The probe of Southern Co. has attracted considerable attention this year because of several events that have befallen the company , including the death of a Gulf Power executive in a plane crash and the disappearance of a company vendor who was to be a key grand jury witness . 
It works . 
In the second quarter , Bethlehem posted a $ 50 million charge related to its plans to realign the division . 
The death toll rose to 63 . 
Sharon , based in Farrell , Pa. , filed for protection from creditors under the federal Bankruptcy Code in April 1987 . 
Taken together , the auto-sales and durable-goods reports confirmed perceptions that the economy is bogging down . 
But those dollars at risk pale in comparison to the investment required to make and ship spring goods to Campeau stores . 
Each has an equal vote at the monthly meetings . 
Wang 's installed base is one of its greatest assets , and many of those customers remain extremely loyal . 
`` The primary overriding thing is that people are frightened , '' says Martin Sass , a New York money manager . 
From a reading of the somewhat scant English-language medical literature on RU-486 , the French abortion pill emerges as one of the creepiest concoctions around . 
Suntory distributes Brown-Forman bourbons in Japan . 
Such preferences persist even though many Americans believe differences between imported and domestic cars are diminishing . 
Not even an earthquake . 
DEC shares rose $ 1.375 to $ 89.75 apiece in consolidated New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday . 
But Mr. Runkel contends there has been no exodus of strike-force lawyers . 
The treasury can do something on its own , but to have any hope of success it needs help from the Fed . 
Mr. Phelan said that his predicting continued volatility is just `` how the world is . 
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days . 
Italy 's industrial wholesale sales index rose 13.2 % in June from a year earlier , the state statistical institute Istat said . 
That level of production is n't of much concern as long as demand continues strong , analysts said . 
`` Even when I hear it played badly , I 'm still humbled by the piece . 
In Los Angeles , for example , Central has had a strong market position while Unilab 's presence has been less prominent , according to Mr. Harlow . 
Thrice married but now single , Mr. Peters got plenty of ink last summer for an on-set romance with actress Kim Basinger during the making of `` Batman . '' 
x - Year-to-date 1988 figure includes Volkswagen domestic-production through July . 
Some funds are posting yields far higher than the average . 
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game . 
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short-term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential-Bache Securities . 
The CBOE , American Stock Exchange , Options Clearing Corp. and Stephen Fossett , owner of Fossett , joined in putting up $ 50 million to guarantee the accounts at First Options . 
Ms. Atkins , who underwrote # 20,000 , or about $ 32,000 , of insurance coverage on that syndicate , now faces potential losses of roughly # 70,000 , or $ 111,000 . 
Sometimes they are constructive , but often not . 
The chamber also sent to Bush a nearly $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 measure that includes the first construction funds for a space station . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 65 days ; 8.375 % 66 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.875 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.75 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Often they have found that the relevant issue is not race , but rather housing , crime prevention or education . 
Fortunately , the Hubble Space Telescope -- set to be launched on the shuttle next year in a search for distant solar systems and light emitted 14 billion years ago from the farthest reaches of the universe -- was moved from Sunnyvale to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida at the beginning of October . 
`` We will vigorously oppose the bill , '' he says . 
This autumn 's edition of the biannual fair will run through Oct. 31 . 
The transaction will give Tandy a well-known European computer brand that includes 2,700 dealers and distributors marketing to medium-sized business and educational institutions . 
And it reminds Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. , a market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker Inc. , of what he calls `` DeVoe 's Unprovable but Highly Probable Theory No. 1 : 
`` Managers have long been those who supervise their subordinates so orders would be properly acted on , '' a spokesman says . 
Computations involving zero-coupon CDs are more complicated and you should discuss any questions you may have with your financial consultant . '' 
The answer , say academic researchers , money managers and investment specialists , is yes -- as long as you approach the stock market as an investor . 
There was speculation that the supply was coming from a commercial bank 's portfolios . 
But success for Unilever and P&G is far from guaranteed , as shown by the many consumer-product companies that have tried and failed to master the quirky beauty business . 
Boston Co. , the upper-crust financial services concern that was rocked by a management scandal late last year , has had a sharp drop in profitability -- mainly because a high-risk bet on interest rates backfired . 
No , we ought to be mad because he has demeaned the office we gave him , enlisting it in the service of private gain , just as we ought to be mad that public officials lie through their teeth , play disingenuous games about their activities or , to steal a phrase , make public service a private trough . 
His contract makes him `` exclusive '' spokesman for Sears 's home improvement marketing campaigns . 
It attracts people with funny hair ( or with no hair -- in front of me a girl with spiked locks sat beside a boy who had shaved his ) . 
`` The earnings were fine and above expectations , '' said Michael W. Blumstein , an analyst at First Boston Corp . 
The Fed delayed approval of First Union 's $ 849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks pending a review of First Union 's lending practices in low-income neighborhoods . 
A third-quarter charge of $ 3.5 million related to planned restaurant closings resulted in a net loss for the quarter . 
Steelmakers have also been adding capacity of so-called electrogalvanized steel , which is another way to make coated corrosion-resistant steel . 
`` He 's in a vulnerable position because he has n't established much credibility on his own , '' says Bryan Jacoboski , a securities analyst at PaineWebber Inc . 
Senate Commerce Committee Chairman Ernest Hollings ( D. , S.C. ) , who also chairs the Senate appropriations subcommittee for the department , attached $ 10 million for an advanced technology initiative , including work on high-definition television . 
I do n't know if this would have happened somewhere else . '' 
Joseph Lombardo , who the government alleged was the `` captain '' of organized crime in Chicago , was one of numerous defendants in the government 's sweeping racketeering suit against the Teamsters . 
Eastern and its creditors agreed in July on a reorganization plan that called for the carrier to sell off $ 1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from Chapter 11 status in late 1989 at two-thirds its former size . 
And some analysts questioned whether Mr. Phillips would have the skills Ogilvy needs to turn the agency around . 
But while pumping more money into the economy would bring relief to many industries , it also runs the risk of triggering another period of runaway growth and steep inflation . 
First Brands Corp. , proposed offering of 6,475,000 common shares , of which 1,475,000 common shares will be sold by the company and five million shares by holders , via First Boston Corp. and Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd . 
The company downplayed the loss of Mr. Lesk and split his merchandising responsibilities among a committee of four people . 
This is clearly not good news to all you people who sleep like babies every night , lulled by visions of your money sitting risk-free in six-month CDs . 
The drug , called adenocard , returns the heart to a normal rhythm within seconds , according to Lyphomed . 
The company declined to estimate the value of the Norwegian holding . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 73 days ; 8.325 % 74 to 99 days ; 7.75 % 100 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
In fact , six of those companies received refunds , which totaled $ 120 million . 
Complying with these is enough to make business owners look forward to their own pension days . 
-- LABOR . 
Travelers crowded into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited for buses in the rain , but the massive gridlock anticipated by officials in the San Francisco Bay area never materialized . 
The walls of the church are covered with leaflets , news clippings , and handwritten notes associated with the country 's political opposition . 
India 's Gandhi called for parliamentary elections next month . 
Dana also said it was hurt by slumping U.S. truck sales and by a strike at a parts supplier . 
Yesterday , the number grew to 40 ; today the number is expected to grow to 100 . 
Obviously , it 's lost on you that about 75 % of the American people these days ( and in fact the president of the United States ) consider themselves environmentalists . 
Separately , the U.S. Embassy has filed three protests in as many days with China 's government , alleging harassment of diplomats and their families , an embassy source said . 
The bank said reserves now amount to 61 % of its total less-developed-country exposure . 
The highest-rated show continues to be ABC 's `` Roseanne . '' 
The company was to repay $ 58 million in debt on Dec. 31 and $ 15 million on March 31 . 
Japanese chemical companies are at work developing their own substitutes and hoping to conquer new markets , of course . 
Analysts expect further jitters this week . 
Experts are predicting a big influx of new shows in 1990 , when a service called `` automatic number information '' will become widely available . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Never mind that First Gibraltar is one of the failed Texas thrifts taken over by outsiders -- in this case , an investor group headed by New York financier Ronald Perelman . 
United Technologies Corp. won an $ 18 million Army contract for helicopter modifications and spare parts . 
Even as the stock market has generally done well this year , IBM 's shares have slipped steadily from its 52-week high of $ 130.875 . 
Prices were up across the board , with most blue-chip stocks registering solid gains . 
There are $ 46,245,000 of 7 % term bonds due 2009 , priced at 97 7\/8 to yield 7.20 % , and $ 64.9 million of 7.1 % term bonds due 2016 , priced at 98 1\/4 to yield 7.25 % . 
The books 1,500 entries include stepping on cracks and knocking on wood ... . 
The stock received another blow on Friday , when Goldman Sachs analyst Eric Philo advised that investors with short-term horizons should avoid Dun & Bradstreet stock because it is unlikely to outperform the market . 
A cultural center has been built , shops . 
Hundreds of Californians made their way to their computers after the quake , and checked in with each other on electronic bulletin boards , which link computers CB-radio-style , via phone lines . 
Eagle , which controls Bristol Federal Savings Bank and First Federal Savings & Loan Association of Torrington , had assets of $ 469.6 million on that date . 
The seemingly mundane action , which was opposed by the Securities Industry Association , a trade group , has important implications for banks ' recent entry into the underwriting of corporate securities . 
Hutton Ingram will have a general corporate , securities , real-estate and litigation practice , and a substantial practice serving the professional-design community . 
`` But it would just mean a great first and second quarter next year . '' 
A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker `` as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated . 
Efforts by the Hong Kong Futures Exchange to introduce a new interest-rate futures contract continue to hit snags , despite the support the proposed instrument enjoys in the colony 's financial community . 
`` The fundamentals do n't change in an hour , '' he says . 
The huge drop in UAL stock prompted one takeover stock trader , George Kellner , managing partner of Kellner , DiLeo & Co. , to deny publicly rumors that his firm was going out of business . 
Kay Peterson mounts her bicycle and grinds up yet another steep , rocky path seemingly suitable only for mountain goats . 
Dictaphone went ahead and introduced the pico in 1985 , but it has n't sold well . 
And the reason we do n't want to is that effective education would require us to relinquish some cherished metaphysical beliefs about human nature in general and the human nature of young people in particular , as well as to violate some cherished vested interests . 
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment . 
Mr. Donohoo is scheduled to be sentenced Dec. 11 . 
They all understand point one : Nothing the U.S. can do will make much difference in whether Mr. Gorbachev succeeds with perestroika . 
Before adjustment for inflation , the association said , orders were up a nominal 5 % . 
It 's somehow OK for Secretary Baker himself , however , to say all the same things . 
Bethlehem Steel Corp. has agreed in principle to form a joint venture with the world 's second-largest steelmaker , Usinor-Sacilor of France , to modernize a portion of Bethlehem 's ailing BethForge division . 
The issue brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 30.2 billion and its total volume to $ 42.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
The Fed exercises a power given to it by Congress and the president . 
Based on the current number of La Jolla shares , that gives the transaction a value of $ 104 million . 
And plays . 
The Soviet foreign minister publicly concedes that his government `` violated norms of behavior '' in Afghanistan and just plain lied about the radar station . 
The government directly owns 51.4 % and Factorex , a financial services company , holds 8.42 % . 
It will have 11.8 million shares outstanding after the offering , with Healthdyne owning about 65 % of the total . 
Being held well below capacity greatly irritates them , and has led to widespread cheating . 
According to its most recent annual report , covering the 15 months ended March 31 , Maxwell Communication bought $ 3.85 billion in assets -- including Macmillan Inc. and Official Airlines Guides -- and sold $ 2 billion in non-strategic businesses . 
The Palo Alto , Calif. , computer maker scrambled to set up a special phone line to tell manufacturing and support staff to stay home Wednesday . 
This trader characterized the recent price action as a contest between the fundamentalists , who see higher prices ahead , and the technicians , who are basically buying cotton toward the bottom of the current trading range , around 71 cents , and selling it when the price climbs more than 74 cents . 
Depending on the size of the gain and the rate of inflation , indexation can mean a lower tax payment than using the 19.6 % rate without indexation . 
Most earn high ratings from credit agencies . 
Last year , the top 12 players on each NFL team took home an average $ 536,000 , a figure comparable to baseball and higher than in basketball . 
Foreign Bonds 
`` They want a lobster trap -- once you get in , you ca n't get out , '' he said . 
Later this season he gives a recital at Washington 's Kennedy Center , and appears as soloist with several major orchestras . 
`` Peanuts has become a major part of American culture , '' says Peter Shore , United Media 's vice president of marketing and licensing . 
Sumitomo Realty & Development rose 40 to 2170 . 
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts . 
A new in-house magazine , Kidder World -- which will focus on the firm 's synergy strategy , says Mr. Carpenter -- confides that on weekends Mr. Newquist `` often gets value-added ideas while flying his single-engine Cessna Centurion on the way to Nantucket . '' 
But many individual investors are leery about stocks because of fresh signs of fragility in the huge junk-bond market . 
Bio-Technology , a New York maker of genetically engineered products for human and animal health care , said it made the exchange offer to reduce its interest payments . 
The machines will cost around $ 16,250 on average in Europe . 
If that proves true , analysts say Banco Exterior could be a prime partner -- or even a takeover target -- for either a Spanish or foreign bank seeking to increase its market share after 1992 , when the European Community plans to dismantle financial barriers . 
The real culprits , they said , are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products . 
Courts have ruled that taxpayers must submit to TCMP audits , but the IRS will excuse from the fullscale rigors anyone who was audited without change for either 1986 or 1987 . 
Gaylord Container said analysts are skeptical of it because it 's carrying a lot of debt . 
Yesterday , Compaq plunged further , closing at $ 100 a share , off $ 8.625 a share , on volume of 2,633,700 shares . 
UNITED AIR 'S PARENT quashed any prospects for an immediate revival of the labor-management buy-out , saying UAL should remain independent for now . 
`` Our members are eager to begin trading this contract , so we expect no difficulty in attracting locals to the natural gas pit , '' he said . 
Also , at any of Sotheby 's auctions of old masters , roughly one-third to one-fifth of what is offered does n't sell at any price . 
What went wrong in Panama is a fitting subject for public and congressional inquiry . 
U.K. base rates are at their highest level in eight years . 
But institutional investors may wait a little longer to appraise the direction of the U.S. monetary policy and the dollar , traders said . 
Someday , viewers may also choose different depths of news coverage . 
Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and , more important , among his officers and instructors . 
East Rock also said in the filing that it boosted its stake in A.P. Green to 8.7 % . 
Litigation consulting is , as New York trial attorney Donald Zoeller puts it , `` highly manipulative . '' 
Mr. Bebear contended that the tax cost to the exchanges under the revised structure would be about $ 8 million a year , which he described as `` peanuts . 
Some 822 New York Stock Exchange issues advanced in price , while 668 declined . 
But there was no way to prove Dr. Knudson 's `` two-hit '' theory . 
The fund invests mainly in gold and silver bullion . 
The outstanding example of this was the motorist on the Bay Bridge who had the presence of mind to take out a video camera at the absolutely crucial moment and record the car in front as it fell into the gap in the roadway . 
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it . 
Jens-Uwe Fischer , a senior trader at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. in Frankfurt , said he expects the dollar to recover within the next three months to around 1.88 marks as U.S. economic data , particularly U.S. trade figures , level off . 
There were no immediate reports of deaths , but officials said a number of workers were still unaccounted for last night . 
His pledge to clean up local administration and Indian politics , including his own party , went unfulfilled . 
Foresight 
East Germany 's leadership vowed swift action to ease travel to the West . 
`` The side effects { of cyclosporine } have made the penalty for its success rather high , '' Dr. Starzl said . 
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks . 
The transactions are unrelated . 
The idea would be to administer to patients the growth-controlling proteins made by healthy versions of the damaged genes . 
Mr. Kume himself visited Honda 's headquarters in Tokyo 's upscale Aoyama district . 
`` Never Too Young '' is a different sort of work , focusing on the 1986 death from cocaine ingestion of Bias , a University of Maryland basketball star ticketed for sure pro stardom . 
Getting out of them , however , may be a different story now . 
Mr. Bush returned to Washington Saturday night . 
`` If you want to cut through the clutter , you have to make your message as distinct , sharp and individual as possible . 
Aussedat Rey 's move follows similar technology-licensing agreements between Japanese producers of thermal paper and European paper groups . 
Coda owned 60 % of the pipeline and private entities owned the rest . 
Nervous investors continued to limit their buying to blue-chip stocks while dumping takeover-related issues . 
The average seven-day compound yield , which assumes that dividends are reinvested and that current rates continue for a year , fell to 8.47 % , its lowest since late last year , from 8.55 % the week before , according to Donoghue 's . 
It would inevitably lead to an increase in marginal income-tax rates in 1990 , he thinks , when the White House is forced to ask for higher taxes to meet budget targets . 
Even if the Japanese find Soviet technology desirable , such discussions would be fraught with political complications . 
Lebanon 's Parliament passed the power-sharing accord to end the country 's 14-year-old conflict , but the Christian military leader wad the plan was `` full of ambiguities . '' 
`` The market is sending nervous signals , '' says Peter J. Canelo , chief market strategist for Bear , Stearns & Co. , and it 's `` unwise '' to be overcommitted to stocks . 
He had worked with Mr. McDonough on an earlier project and recruited him as architect for the trade center . 
SHEVARDNADZE ADMITTED that Moscow violated the 1972 ABM treaty . 
In Oakland , officials said the 57-year-old longshoreman who spent four days entombed in rubble was in critical condition with slight improvement . 
Another murderer on death row has appealed Mr. Simmons 's death sentence in a `` next friend '' capacity . 
The most worrisome stretch is 1.2 miles of waterfront highway known as the Embarcadero Freeway . 
The previous reports were based on remarks by British Air 's chief financial officer , Derek Stevens , who said any revised bid would have to include a lower purchase price to reflect the sharp drop in UAL 's stock in the past week . 
In a last-ditch effort to keep its sales force and customer base , Integrated Resources Inc. said it agreed in principle to transfer ownership of its broker-dealer subsidiary to two of its top executives . 
He recommended that the company file for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code before the MCA deadline , according to a source familiar with the sessions . 
Thus , options traders Friday were stuck with losses that also were several times larger than those suffered by many stock traders in New York . 
In addition to Unocal 's 153,000 barrel-a-day refinery near Lemont , Ill. , the new venture would control 17 distribution terminals , a lubricating-oil blending and packaging plant , and 131 company-owned Unocal service stations . 
On average , Mr. Lynford says , it now takes three to 3 1\/2 years to fill new office space , compared with 2 1\/2 years in 1988 . 
During the Korean War , Gen. Douglas MacArthur demanded and got , in addition to his U.N. command in Korea , his own naval command in Japan , NavforJapan . 
It is an aftershock , one of about 2,000 since the earthquake , and it makes her uneasy . 
A Par spokesman said he understood the criminal investigation in Maryland relates to matters Par disclosed in July , when Par said it filed false drug information with the FDA . 
He adds that short-term comparisons `` can be very misleading because of differences in timing of marketing programs from year to year . '' 
Leonard Bickwit , an attorney in Washington for Mr. Keating , declined to comment on the hearings , except to say , `` We will be responding comprehensively in several forums to each of these allegations at the appropriate time . '' 
Market participants hope today 's GNP report will offer more substantial evidence on U.S. economic growth , although analysts are quick to point out that the figures may overstate the economy 's vigor . 
Foreign traders also say many of China 's big infrastructural projects have been canceled or postponed because of the squeeze on domestic and foreign credit . 
They are telling people what roads are closed and just keeping the public informed has helped to keep the panic down , '' said James Ball , a station supervisor at Daly City Police Department . 
No amount of weasling could have saved this game for D.T . 
At present , analysts project a budget gap on the order of $ 500 million to $ 600 million for the fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 , although the city 's own budget analysts project a narrower deficit . 
Both the assassination order and the quality of debate in Washington are telling the world that the only way the U.S. will kill a madman is by making sure we take some innocent civilians with him . 
Volume was extremely thin at 351.3 million shares , the lightest volume of the week and modestly under Thursday 's 387.4 million shares . 
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three-month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks . 
Currently , even though the issuer does n't pay tax , the debt holder is taxed on the accrued interest . 
And the world could experience its first psyllium shortage . 
Do they want the spotlight for themselves or for their cause ? 
Back then , scientists had no way of ferreting out specific genes , but under a microscope they could see the 23 pairs of chromosomes in the cells that contain the genes . 
The chords modulate , but there is little filigree even though his fingers begin to wander over more of the keys . 
`` Even though we 'll still compete against Mitsubishi , we can also work jointly on some projects , and we 'll gain a lot of sourcing flexibility , '' Mr. Stern contends . 
The yield is offered across a range of maturities at San Francisco 's BankAmerica Corp. and Wells Fargo & Co . 
But even that is disputed by Manufacturers Hanover which , in alliance with the IRS , contends that Minpeco has already collected more than its actual damages from other defendants in the silver-conspiracy case . 
Ogilvy under the fastidious Mr. Roman gained a reputation as occasionally being high-handed in its treatment of clients , of preaching what strategy a client should -- indeed , must -- follow . 
The House version of the legislation would kill that deduction , and label any such debt as equity , which is n't deductible . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
In July , Par and a 60%-owned unit agreed to plead guilty in that inquiry , as did another former Par official . 
The Lone Star is on the rise again . '' 
Most have read the pre-trial documents , however , and estimate Kodak will be ordered to pay $ 1 billion to $ 1.5 billion for infringing on seven Polaroid patents . 
Sen. Pete Domenici ( R. , N.M. ) , the ranking Republican on the Senate Budget Committee , used his influence to preserve more than $ 132,000 in subsidies for air service to Sante Fe , N.M. , and more than $ 2.1 million would go for service to eight communities in the western Nebraska district of GOP Rep. Virginia Smith on the House Appropriations Committee . 
`` His { Phelan 's } own interests are in building an electronic marketplace , '' said a market maker . 
After the HUD and S&L stories broke , some Congressmen began to worry that their influence peddling at executive-branch and independent agencies might some day get them in trouble . 
The Packwood plan , as expected , would allow individuals to exclude from income 5 % of the gain from the sale of a capital asset held for more than one year . 
Wednesday , it will unveil a $ 7 million refurbishing at its flagship store on Madison Avenue . 
Meanwhile , net at GM 's finance arm , General Motors Acceptance Corp. , fell 3.1 % . 
Beech Aircraft Corp. , a unit of Raytheon Co. , received an $ 11.5 million Air Force contract for C-12 aircraft support . 
But passenger-kilometers , the distance flown while carrying people , increased 5.3 % in 1988 . 
NASA said the Galileo worm had n't affected its computers or the computers of other government agencies because they had modified their systems to reject worms . 
Given their own penchant for book writing , it is surprising that none of the masters of scandal survival have yet published a guide to the art . 
NCNB Corp. raised $ 1 billion in new capital during the third quarter . 
Mr. Revson , the gossip columnist , says there are people who actually plan whose names they are going to drop before attending a party . 
Mr. Ireland said 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA also said it plans to sell , beginning in 1992 , have a current half-life value of about $ 34 million each , or a total $ 374 million , raising aggregate potential proceeds from the aircraft sale to about $ 1.02 billion . 
That should happen by today , he said . 
Last week , the Grand Union offering was sweetened to include warrants that allow bondholders to acquire common stock . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
As for corn and soybean futures , `` a lot of commission house buying this morning and computer-driven buying '' supported prices in early trading , said Steven Freed , a futures analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. in Chicago . 
Then , says Dr. Levy , `` she woke up paralyzed . '' 
`` We consider our internal controls to have worked well , '' she said , adding that some procedures have been strengthened . 
Mr. Maynard initially won approval for his machine to be used at egg-processing facilities regulated by the USDA 's Food Safety Inspection Service . 
It was supposed to be a routine courtesy call . 
Warner and Mr. Azoff declined comment , as did MCA , where Mr. Azoff had also been discussing such a venture . 
After that , `` it would make sense for airlines to talk about doing things jointly , '' said Cotton Daly , director of cargo services for New York consulting firm Simat , Helliesen & Eichner Inc . 
`` There 's very little upside to sterling , '' Mr. Roberts says , but he adds that near-term losses may be small because the selling wave that followed Mr. Major 's appointment apparently has run its course . 
The Big Board also has a terrible communication problem with individual investors , '' he added . 
One customer , Donald Blaggs of Mobile , says the Barrett Rake allowed him to do his lawn in 2 1\/2 hours , two hours less than usual . 
But despite the credit enhancements , despite the high ratings , some money managers still worry that a recession could wreak havoc on the underlying assets . 
Mr. Windsor notified Everett E. Briggs , the U.S. ambassador to Panama , of the invitation . 
Money is n't the only reason for the shift in practice preferences . 
That 's because the cost of buying put options eats into an investor 's profit when stock prices rise . 
Exchange officials emphasized that the Big Board is considering a variety of actions to deal with program trading . 
There are no easy choices in Cambodia , but we ca n't imagine that it benefits the U.S. to become the catalyst for an all-too-familiar process that could end in another round of horror in Cambodia . 
Elsewhere , prices closed higher in Amsterdam , lower in Zurich , Stockholm and Milan , mixed in Brussels and unchanged in Paris . 
The U.S. has befriended and later turned against many dictators , but none quite so resourceful . 
DPC said it could n't comment on the suit . 
Now , Maxwell founder Robert Maxwell says he has an appetite for new acquisitions in the U.S. , adding that he could spend `` a good deal more '' than $ 1 billion on another U.S. purchase . 
Mr. Lesko himself is n't yet prepared to accept that explanation . 
Real estate operating income for the first nine months fell to $ 71.9 million from $ 143 million a year earlier , the company said . 
Several lawmakers were angered that the bank and thrift regulators generally said they have been too busy handling the record number of bank and thrift failures in the past few years to put much energy into investigating possible discrimination . 
Japanese immigration authorities said they found 658 more Chinese among Vietnamese boat people , bringing the number of Chinese trying to enter Japan by posing as Vietnamese refugees this year to 1,642 . 
Payments averaged nearly $ 200,000 a year from the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency and the CIA . 
Revenue rose 27 % to $ 715.1 million from $ 563.8 million . 
Bush met in Washington with Spain 's Prime Minister Gonzalez and discussed what the president called `` the unique role '' that Madrid can play in furthering democracy in Eastern Europe and Latin America . 
These are the 26 states , including the commonwealth of Puerto Rico , that have settled with Drexel : Alaska , Arkansas , Delaware , Georgia , Hawaii , Idaho , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Minnesota , Mississippi , New Hampshire , New Mexico , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Oregon , South Carolina , South Dakota , Utah , Vermont , Washington , Wyoming and Puerto Rico . 
`` There are no price wars , no competition . '' 
The December contract declined 1.85 cents a pound to $ 1.2645 . 
`` And you ca n't cut this chain with bolt cutters . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 41.60 to 2645.08 even though some late selling caused the market to retreat from session highs . 
Mr. Bloch concedes that a recent diversification attempt fell through . 
After a bad start , Treasury bonds were buoyed by a late burst of buying to end modestly higher . 
It will compare 21 different blends of gasolines with three mixtures of up to 85 % methanol . 
The transaction is subject to execution of a definitive purchase agreement and approval by various regulatory agencies , including the insurance departments of the states of Florida and Indiana , the company said . 
`` It makes people think , maybe this guy is n't so squeaky clean after all , '' says Mr. Garth , Mayor Koch 's media consultant . 
IBM is based in Armonk , N.Y . 
White House aides said that although they made a small compromise on the length of a training wage , the final minimum-wage increase will meet the standards set by Mr. Bush . 
`` In reality it 's very volatile , but the movements are not because of market movements . 
Do the Japanese feel so superior that they can not find capable American managers ? 
( In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks against offsetting positions in futures . ) 
Then , last Friday , Ford 's talks about a possible alliance with Saab-Scania AB of Sweden collapsed . 
A year at Harvard now goes for $ 19,395 . 
But the public policy issues raised by earthquake damage will be difficult to address , Mr. Johnson predicted . 
For many companies , of course , there is still a slew of nagging problems to grapple with , some of which have the potential to become quite serious . 
But the Pennsylvania measure also includes an `` informed consent '' provision that may become widely imitated by abortion foes who want to make women contemplating abortion as uncomfortable as possible with the procedure and with themselves . 
Without a microscope and a subpoena , it 's often hard to sort out worthwhile causes from ripoffs if all you 've got to go on is the solicitation itself . 
While many investors are selling parts of their portfolios to buy the new issues , prices on India 's 16 stock exchanges are holding up so far . 
`` Blondes , cocaine and Corvettes , '' mutters Mr. McClelland . 
Output from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is already at a high for the year and most member nations are running flat out . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
The Division expects that the prosecutor will announce these principles either at the time the indictment is returned or , at the latest , at the first proceeding before the court concerning the TRO . 
The federal deficit was $ 155.15 billion in 1988 and $ 149.69 billion in 1987 . 
Institutional investors mostly remained on the sidelines Tuesday . 
The product , developed by Desktop Data Corp. , a new company based in Waltham , Mass. , scans the wires looking for articles that contain key words specified by the user . 
The share repurchase will be funded mostly from borrowings . 
David R. Jackson , formerly vice president , managing director of corporate communications for Maxwell Communication Inc. , was named vice president and assistant to the chairman of this maker of alcoholic beverages and consumer products . 
The most controversial of these is stock-index arbitrage , in which traders buy or sell baskets of stocks and offset the position with an opposite trade in stock-index futures to lock in profits . 
The implicit price deflator , a measure of inflation , was down to a 2.9 % annual rate of increase in the quarter from a 4.6 % rate of gain in the second quarter . 
`` My God and I know I am correct and innocent . 
What loyalty there is to gas brands , he believes , is a matter of stopping at the most conveniently located service stations . 
Some economists believe that yields on all Treasury securities may rise this week as the market struggles to absorb the new supply . 
Economists have been anticipating a slump for months , but they now say it will be deeper and longer than they had thought . 
Even companies in smokestack industries wrestling with world-wide overcapacity are joining the boom . 
`` Politics has essentially put up a roadblock '' to finding sites for new federal prisons , Mr. Bennett said at a news conference called to report on his `` emergency assistance program '' for the capital . 
Genentech Inc. said third-quarter profit more than doubled to $ 11.4 million , or 13 cents a share , from a depressed 1988 third-quarter performance of $ 5.3 million , or six cents a share . 
These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments and $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow , zero-coupon subordinated debt and assets sales . 
Ad Notes ... . 
Muni bond holders are worried about the impact of a slowing economy on tax revenue , at a time when many state and local governments already face budget deficits and huge spending needs . 
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three . 
Dr. Solomon Sobel , director of metabolism and endrocrine drug products for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , said FDA officials have discussed Dr. Toseland 's findings `` fairly intensively . '' 
A few months later , CBS 's college and pro football contracts come up for renewal ; they could go for close to $ 100 million more than CBS now pays , a 40 % to 50 % rise . 
Investors bailed out of New York City bonds in droves last week , driving prices lower and boosting yields . 
In over-the-counter trading yesterday , Moscom closed at $ 4.375 , up 37.5 cents . 
Conner dominates the market for hard-disk drives used to store data in laptop computers . 
The commercial , created by Bateman , Bryan & Galles Inc. , of Dallas , adds derisively : `` I bet it takes a real tough truck to haul your Ivy League buddies to the yacht club . '' 
As part of that attempt , by the American Trade Consortium , Mr. Giffen says he spends a lot of time lobbying . 
Now we are starting to see real freight-rate increases as carriers replace equipment , pay higher fuel costs and pay more for labor . 
Not even Jack Lemmon 's expert doddering makes this trip worth taking . 
Even if only some of the allegations stand up , however , they provide ample testimony to the awesome power of judges in rural communities . 
Rather , they tend to have a set of two or three favorites . 
As times get tougher , investors fret about whether companies will have enough money to pay their debts . 
He expects Citicorp to take a similar step this year . 
Everybody was out buying Monets . '' 
While such changes might sound minor , they are n't : Merrill Lynch manages or oversees some $ 300 billion in retail accounts that include everything from mutual funds to individual annuities . 
The Watts mall has annual sales of more than $ 350 per leasable square foot ; the figure for a comparable suburban shopping center would be $ 200 . 
The $ 13 billion the Fed injected into the money markets after the 1987 crash is more than enough to buy all the stocks traded on a typical day . 
The economy is decelerating after six good years , and `` right now it 's better to shoot first and ask questions later . '' 
Yet her intensity stops and starts with the music . 
Mr. Lagnado said strength in employment appears to have the biggest impact on sales growth . 
UAL stock dropped $ 1.625 yesterday to $ 190.125 on volume of 923,500 shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Earlier this month , Mr. Iverson agreed to buy exclusive rights to a software system developed by Visher Systems Inc. , Salt Lake City . 
`` More rooms are n't the answer for us , '' says Caesars World chairman Henry Gluck . 
Each of the three drives uses a mere 1.5 watts of power and one weighs just 5.5 ounces . 
Trading was relatively thin at an estimated 650 million shares , though brisker than Monday 's 526 million . 
Trading in Taipei was suspended for a national holiday . 
`` The board has stated repeatedly that Rubbermaid should be independent , '' said Walter W. Williams , Rubbermaid president . 
He said current expectations are for an entry level machine to be shipped in December , with all of the more sophisticated versions out by June . 
The availability of timely assistance -- of a backstop -- can help markets retain their resilience . 
Pound concerns aside , the lack of strong buying interest in the yen is another boon for the dollar , many traders say . 
It 's no accident that they 've been able to develop such successful material . '' 
`` The fact that we might not side with the Americans may be a reason why Canada 's membership in the OAS has n't been , over the years , an item high on the U.S. agenda , '' said Allan Gotlieb , former Canadian ambassador to the U.S. . 
Fujitsu said it issued the low bid because it wanted a foot in the door of a potentially lucrative market . 
These firms , which often have acquired a local brokerage firm , are calling the shots when it comes to deciding in which market to transact a trade . 
Prices fell marginally for fuel and electricity . 
Though the assassination ban is a White House order that Congress never voted on , the intelligence committees can exercise influence over its interpretation . 
Guns were never used : Each man was stabbed to death with a large knife . 
It said it will buy back two million shares , or 18.4 % , of the total outstanding , and continue operations buying and managing real estate . 
Shoppers , many of whom operate small businesses , pay annual membership fees , which provide an income base for the stores . 
Daniel James President Mexico-United States Institute 
`` We 've started trying just about anything to keep sales moving in the stores , '' says Kim Renk , a Swank vice president . 
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary . 
Yields on savings-type certificates of deposit dropped slightly in the week ended yesterday . 
`` That 's why we went with IBM for data center management ... and now Digital for voice and data telecommunications . 
While UAL faltered , AMR , the parent of American Airlines , pulled out of its recent nosedive by rising 3\/4 to 74 . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Air & Water closed unchanged at $ 17.50 . 
Also , blue chips in general have suffered much more short-term price volatility in recent years . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , MCA rose $ 1.50 to $ 64 . 
Crude prices spurted upward in brisk trading on the assumption that heavy earthquake damage occurred to San Francisco area refinery complexes , but the rise quickly fizzled when it became apparent that oil operations were n't severely curtailed . 
`` Everyone is waiting for GNP , '' says Walter Simon , an assistant treasurer with Bank Julius Baer & Co . 
The minister was also quoted as saying that a new pact could be achieved during the first half of next year , according to the analyst . 
He says 27 lawyers have left and 21 have been hired since Mr. Thornburgh announced his plan . 
But last week there were air-traffic negotiations between the U.K. and Japan , a likely first step to any commercial agreement between JAL and British Airways or another U.K. carrier . 
In Big Board trading yesterday , James River shares closed at $ 28.375 , down 12.5 cents . 
Holiday said third-quarter earnings rose to $ 39.8 million , or $ 1.53 a share , from $ 21 million , or 84 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The CompuServe subsidiary ( which provides information to home-computer users ) is `` where the growth is , '' he said , but its format is `` still too complicated . '' 
Mr. Jones is attacking the problem on several fronts . 
To be introduced later are a multiplexer , which will allow several signals to travel along a single optical line ; a light-wave system , which carries voice channels ; and a network controller , which directs data flow through cross-connect systems . 
Ms. Bartlett 's previous work , which earned her an international reputation in the non-horticultural art world , often took gardens as its nominal subject . 
While the visit was unrelated to Jaguar , GM Chairman Roger Smith answered the legislators ' questions about it over lunch Tuesday . 
Exxon said it will build a new headquarters on a 132-acre tract in the 10-year-old Las Colinas complex in the suburb of Irving . 
Some people think the search for liquidity is fruitless . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Paramount Communications Inc. , New York , completed the sale of its Associates Corp. consumer and commercial finance subsidiary to a unit of Ford Motor Co. for $ 3.35 billion . 
To get a piece of the business , Nike Inc. , Beaverton , Ore. , introduced a line of mountain-bike shoes . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is convertible from Nov. 20 , 1989 , to March 17 , 1994 , at an indicated 5 % premium over the closing share price Oct. 25 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
The series is scheduled to resume Tuesday evening in San Francisco . 
Bonds issued by Kroger , Duracell , Safeway and American Standard also showed big gains , recovering almost all their losses from Friday and early yesterday . 
His projection indicates profit in the latest quarter of more than $ 17.4 million , or 55 cents a share , compared with $ 15.2 million , or 48 cents a share , a year ago . 
Amgen advanced 1 1\/2 to 56 ; Chiron jumped 2 to 29 3\/4 ; Cetus gained 1 to 16 7\/8 and Biogen rose 5\/8 to 14 5\/8 . 
`` The intervention has been friendly , meaning that they really did n't have to do it , '' said Maria Fiorini Ramirez , money-market economist at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
If whites want to play there by themselves , says consulting engineer Willem van Heerden , whites should also build it by themselves . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
The Fed also has the power to set margin requirements . 
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 . 
If all the debt was converted , about 13 million new shares would be issued . 
Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , whose $ 240-a-share offer for UAL in August triggered a bidding war , says he remains interested in the airline . 
Adds Candice Ohlman , the 35-year-old masseuse who plies her trade in the Grand Rapids office , `` They fall in love with my hands . '' 
In his statement , Mr. Wolf said , `` We continue to believe our approach is sound , and that it is far better for all employees than the alternative of having an outsider own the company with employees paying for it just the same . '' 
Ms. Lowenthal is executive director of the International Foundation for Art Research ( IFAR ) . 
The upshot ? 
Mr. Agnos complained that he was `` ticked off '' that Vice President Dan Quayle , who toured the earthquake site Wednesday , did n't schedule a private meeting with him . 
Anticipating this settlement , the company recorded a pretax charge of $ 24 million during the fourth quarter of 1988 . 
But except for Zenith Electronics Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. , which is collaborating with Toshiba on computer displays , they are poorly positioned to exploit advances in large panels . 
This article is adapted from one in the October American Spectator . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
The reaction to the UAL debacle `` is mindless , '' says John Connolly , chief market strategist at Dean Witter . 
`` What we want to do is take a more aggressive stance . 
Although `` it 's still difficult to raise money for a pure wildcat program , '' says William Thomas , a Texas Commerce Bank official in Houston , `` institutions are starting to see there are cycles to these things , and this one is beginning to turn . '' 
The current distribution arrangement ends in March 1990 , although Delmed said it will continue to provide some supplies of the peritoneal dialysis products to National Medical , the spokeswoman said . 
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
He adds , however , that `` the momentum we have generated is unstoppable . 
It was my decision , not anyone else 's . '' 
This year , the city faces a budget deficit that could become even bigger next year . 
They peck away at the 1 1\/2-mile section of rubble , searching for more of the 250 people thought to have died here . 
Mr. Carey will remain a member of the merchant bank 's board . 
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene-splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it . 
The company said it believes the suit is without merit . 
It falls to others to do the writing , directing and producing . 
Figuring that maybe $ 100,000 to $ 150,000 would do but having no idea of what kind of policy I wanted , I looked at the myriad products of a dozen companies -- and plunged into a jungle of gibberish . 
Mr. Kageyama suggests that Kotobuki Electronics Industries workers were having difficulty understanding their foreign bosses ' perspective . 
I suspect I may be one of the few people to have read them all . 
U.K. money supply figures for September , released yesterday , showed continued growth in corporate and personal lending , which will keep pressure on the government to maintain tight credit . 
United paid him a $ 375,000 bonus to lure him away from American Airlines , and he was paid a salary of $ 342,122 last year with a $ 280,000 bonus . 
I.E.P. Securities Ltd. , a unit of Mr. Brierley 's Hong Kong-based Industrial Equity ( Pacific ) Ltd. , boosted its holdings in Vickers to 38.8 million shares . 
The company estimated that the transaction would enhance its book value , which stood at $ 28.55 a share on Sept. 30 , by more than $ 100 million , or about $ 4 a share . 
Once his cuckoo 's egg was laid , he could enter Unix and become a `` super-user , '' with access to everything . 
Whitbread also announced that Mr. Jarvis , who is 48 , will become the company 's chief executive March 1 . 
In composite New York Stock Exchange Trading , Georgia-Pacific stock rose $ 1.25 a share yesterday to close at $ 58 . 
The new U.S. plan also would establish procedures to prevent countries from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily . 
Overall , he says , municipal prices are `` very cheap '' and represent an `` excellent buying opportunity . '' 
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary . 
The Communists nearly succeeded in eliminating prostitution after taking over in 1949 , but the practice has returned in recent years with the country 's increased exposure to the outside world . 
They are not interchangeable , since they are motivated to act based on their own circumstances . 
In late September , IBM began shipping a plug-in card that converts its PS\/2 model 70-A21 from a 80386 machine to an 80486 machine . 
FORMER APPLE COMPUTER Inc. general counsel John P. Karalis has joined the Phoenix , Ariz. , law firm of Brown & Bain . 
`` We simply do n't agree with that or the findings of their investigation . '' 
The plan Eastern hopes to pursue , he said , calls for Eastern to have $ 390 million in cash by year 's end . 
The guidelines , which discourage prosecutors from seeking court orders seizing the assets of certain racketeering defendants prior to trial , were first disclosed this week . 
Goodson , which is based here , will use part of the proceeds to pay down debt associated with its purchase of the Morristown Daily Record for $ 155 million in 1987 . 
But for others , the pledges echo the promises made after the 1987 stock crash , when similar problems led many markets to develop the new systems that performed so badly last week . 
( At Harvard , Ms. Bartlett had declared : `` There are going to be problems with safety ... 
Non-interest income fell slightly to $ 191.9 million from $ 193.3 million , while Wells Fargo continued to rigorously control non-interest expense , which was almost flat at $ 393.4 million . 
The Bonanza franchise system , which generates about $ 600 million in sales annually , represented substantially all of the partnership 's assets . 
Indeed , the possibility of an A 's ring cycle , a\/k\/a a dynasty , was a major topic of post-game discussion Saturday , so much so that Sandy Alderson , the team 's general manager , felt obliged to dampen it . 
The No. 1 domestic aluminum producer , Aluminum Co. of America , Friday said its earnings fell 3.2 % to $ 219 million , or $ 2.46 a share . 
He chastises Jo Franklin-Trout for her inept presentation of advocacy journalism , judging her project as `` intellectually slipshod . '' 
This is the 22nd year in which the Washington media company has increased dividends . 
`` Peter is the bright , sympathetic guy when you 're doing a deal , '' says one agent . 
After Laurel Bank tried to repossess the car , a vice president asked him to intervene in an unrelated legal dispute involving a trust account . 
They accounted for a hefty 16 % of New York Stock Exchange volume Monday , the fourth busiest session ever . 
( Within her garden , she has decreed a waterfall , a rill , ponds and other costly , trivial waterworks beside the Hudson . ) 
Mr. Johnson is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Chicago bureau . 
Propylene glycols are used in making personal-care products such as shampoo , and urethane polyols are used in making the polyurethane foam found in furniture cushioning and other products . 
Eventually even Republicans will find a way to frame the issue in ways that expose pro-choice absolutism . 
`` Those who have left have expressed an opinion that the strike force should continue , '' Ms. Brevetti says . 
Yet under Mr. Reagan 's preferred successor , President Bush , those two cherished national-security causes are withering on the vine . 
Unless the market goes at least one tick ( the smallest price increment permitted ) beyond the limit price , investors are n't assured of having their orders filled because there may not be sufficient trading volume to permit filling it at the specified price . 
The charges are the culmination of weeks of rumors concerning CDL that have depressed the company 's share price and to a lesser extent the shares of all companies owned by CDL 's controlling Quek family , brokers in Singapore say . 
Qintex Entertainment also said Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jonathan Lloyd , 37 years old , would join the nine-member board . 
The other two portions of the deal are remarketings of outstanding debt rather than new issues . 
Yet some lawyers point to Eli Lilly & Co. vs. Medtronic , Inc. , the patent infringement case the Supreme Court this month agreed to review , as an example of poor legal reasoning by judges who lack patent litigation experience . 
Daimler-Benz dropped 12.5 to 710.5 , Bayerische Motoren Werke dropped 10.5 to 543.5 , and Volkswagen lost 7.1 . 
Nevertheless , he adds , `` I would n't get totally shocked if we get lawsuits out of the Bay Bridge . '' 
It is this adapting of absurd ` knots ' and patterns from old books to any surface where a flower garden has to be made that leads to bad and frivolous design -- wrong in plan and hopeless for the life of plants . 
There 's either more to come or an extremely long period of dullness . '' 
`` The average American watches seven hours of TV a day . 
The exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held until it reached a maximum of 35 % . 
J. Nicholas Hahn , Cotton Inc. 's president and chief executive , was an outspoken critic of WPP Group 's acquisition of Ogilvy Group earlier this year . 
Four Bear Stearns executives besides the 62-year-old Mr. Greenberg were paid $ 3 million or more before dividends for the 14 months ended in June . 
They 'll go into someone else 's pasture as long as it 's greener than the one they 're in now . '' 
Analysts say its chances of success will likely hinge on how well Trelleborg manages to cooperate with Noranda in the Falconbridge venture . 
Sea Containers Ltd. , in a long-awaited move to repel a hostile takeover bid , said it will sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 apiece . 
Results for the latest quarter include nonoperating items of $ 23.9 million , versus $ 8.4 million a year earlier . 
Defense lawyers , perhaps understandably , say that plaintiffs ' lawyers taking such an approach will have little success in pursuing their claims , though they add that the facts of each case must be looked at individually . 
Departing from its newspaper ads featuring prim sketches of a suit or a coat , Brooks Brothers is marketing an updated image in a new campaign that carries the slogan , `` The Surprise of Brooks Brothers . '' 
To further complicate relief efforts , the privately funded American Red Cross also finds itself strapped for funds after its big Hugo operation . 
Certainly , the chancellor has made it clear that he is prepared to increase interest rates again if necessary to both ensure that a substantial slowdown does take place and that sterling does n't decline further . 
The issues are also thought to be important to the FCC 's new chairman , Alfred Sikes , a former AM broadcaster in his native Missouri . 
Minpeco attorneys said they would appeal the decision to a federal district court . 
At the time , Mr. Gonzalez said several senators told him that they `` could get some roadblocks out of the way if there could be some understanding on Garn 's insistence on Wall . '' 
In addition , special bidding rules give the bank 's former owner , Leonardo Ty , the right to match the highest bid . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
The machinists ' criticisms of the labor-management bid and their threats of a strike unless they received substantial wage increases this year helped cool banks ' interest in financing the transaction . 
Steelmakers announced a round of base-price increases last year , but began offering sizable discounts over the summer . 
But more recently , the pound has been falling with high inflation , which has also seemed almost impervious to the high interest rates Mr. Lawson deployed to stop it . 
The U.S. Commerce Department reported a $ 10.77 billion deficit in August , compared with a revised July deficit of $ 8.24 billion . 
He not only slashed marginal tax rates , initially sparking fresh growth in Britain , but he wanted to regulate monetary policy by targeting exchange rates , indeed joining the European Monetary System . 
Earlier this month , the Reserve Bank of New Zealand , the country 's central bank , appointed the managers to run the investment bank and pay creditors . 
William C. Barksdale Jr . 
Since then , Intel has cornered a large part of the market with successive generations of 16-bit and 32-bit chips , all of which can run software written for previous models . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.63 % . 
In any event , some people familiar with the case question whether the court will act by January as forecast by Mr. Lorenzo and Mr. Bakes . 
The Dallas Cowboys are looking at a long-yardage situation , struggling to pull ahead of the Atlanta Falcons . 
The consortium of scientists and companies was set up by Italy to help preserve the fabled city of canals . 
A closing date has n't been set . 
Already , the consequences are being felt by other players in the financial markets -- even governments . 
They pegged the support largely to anticipation that Britain 's current account imbalance ca n't be much worse than the near record deficits seen in July and August . 
And why should holders expect to realize that presumed `` worth ? '' 
Interest rates barely budged from Tuesday 's levels . 
London has concluded that Austrian President Waldheim was n't responsible for the execution of six British commandos in World War II , although he probably was aware of the slayings . 
Gerald F. Seib contributed to this article . 
After that , individual traders face the risk that the new investment they choose wo n't perform well -- so their trading costs could be sustained for nothing . 
Cross & Trecker Corp. said it reached an agreement to sell its Wiedemann division to recently created Murata Wiedemann Inc. , a U.S. affiliate of Murata Machinery Ltd. of Kyoto , Japan . 
New York Stock Exchange volume was 237,960,000 shares . 
\* Includes results of Denny 's Inc. , acquired in September 
No one in his right mind actually believes that we all have an equal academic potential . 
But that may not be possible , because recessions often take investors by surprise . 
`` The ultimate form of charity is when you do n't tell anyone . '' 
Henry Kravis , watch out ! 
And traders say that futures have become an accepted part of the financial landscape . 
The union said late last night that it is still committed to majority employee ownership and that the labor disputes that faced the company prior to the buy-out effort `` still need to be addressed . '' 
Or perhaps Wall Street , when it has suffered enough , will realize that finance is a service industry , and change its ethos . 
That loss compared with a year-earlier profit of A$ 273.5 million . 
President Frank Richardson attributed the decline to lower natural gas prices , which countered higher earnings from the crude oil sector of Shell 's exploration and production operation . 
Senate leaders traded proposals aimed at speeding action on legislation to narrow the deficit and raise the federal government 's debt limit -- but the major stumbling block remains President Bush 's proposal to cut the capital-gains tax rate . 
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all . 
`` I 've been two-thirds in cash since July , and I continue to think that having a defensive position is appropriate , '' he says . 
A spokesman for Seagram , the Montreal wine and spirits concern controlled by the Bronfman family , said the company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends . 
Mr. Sculley also indicated that sagging margins , which dogged the company through most of 1989 , began to turn up in the fourth quarter as chip prices eased . 
Late last week federal regulators ordered the thrift institution to stop paying dividends on its preferred stock -- a move that suggests deep concern about an institution . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery rose $ 1.30 to $ 368.70 an ounce in moderate trading . 
We now know that the words were not always his own . 
We 're talking real money . 
There may be a few cases where the law breaking is well pinpointed and so completely non-invasive of the rights of others that it is difficult to criticize it . 
An editorial in the NCI Journal says the report of declining lung-cancer mortality `` among young men and women in the U.S. indicates that we finally may be winning the battle -- this even in a country where the tobacco industry spends over $ 2 billion a year for promotion of the addictive habit of smoking . '' 
Michigan -- $ 80 million of Michigan First general bonds , including $ 70 million of environmental protection project bonds and $ 10 million of recreation project bonds , via a Shearson Lehman Hutton group . 
Many believe that without a healthy futures exchange , Hong Kong 's aspirations to be recognized as an international financial center will suffer . 
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health . 
`` It 's going to be a tough league , '' promises the 47-year-old Mr. Campaneris . 
Once somebody eats one , they get hooked . '' 
The finance unit , GMAC , said net fell 3.1 % , but EDS 's profit rose 16 % . 
Last year , more than $ 100 billion was donated to the nation 's 400,000 charities . 
That contract fell a total of 5.75 cents during the first three days of this week , mostly in reaction to last Friday 's stock market plunge , which prompted concern that it might signal a similar sharp slowing of the U.S. economy and thus reduced demand for copper , a leading industrial metal . 
Ordinarily , a clever opponent would find a way to capitalize on the other side 's misfortunes . 
Total Assets plans and designs computer centers , computer security systems and computer backup systems . 
`` If this had happened a few months ago when the atmosphere was still very positive it would n't have been greeted with anything like the impact it has had over the past two weeks , '' says Dennis Jarrett , a market strategist at Kidder Peabody . 
Pride Petroleum Services Inc. said it agreed to buy well-servicing assets of two companies and expects to report higher third-quarter revenue and earnings . 
Eight trading days after Oct. 12 , the day before the stock market plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the S&P 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average . 
It sank further to as low as $ 145 , but a big rally developed in the last half hour , pushing the stock back up to close at $ 170 , down just $ 8.375 from Monday . 
Thierry de Montbrial , director of the French Institutue for International Relations in Paris , says it is n't clear what , exactly , West Germany wants . 
A call option is similar to a put , except that it gives its owner the right to buy shares at a stated price until expiration . 
It said $ 10 million would go to the University of Toronto . 
The naczelnik stands , too . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Simmons said he and companies he controls , NL Industries Inc. and NL Chemicals Inc. , hold 6,744,600 shares of Lockheed , of Calabasas , Calif . 
Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner , in a letter to the committee , warned that he would urge President Bush to veto the legislation if it passed Congress . 
Meanwhile , they tackle the mounds of paper -- and fantasize about a dream world where bulk-mail postal regulations and government inspectors are banished . 
Peter W. Likins , president of Lehigh University , Bethlehem , Pa. , was elected a director of this maker of industrial motion-control parts and systems . 
`` A significant increase in gold sales to 248,279 ounces for the quarter from 188,726 in the third quarter of 1988 was more than offset by the continued decline in average gold price realization to $ 367 from $ 429 per ounce , '' the company said . 
For those investors who believe -- or fear -- that 1990 will be a recession year , many economists and money managers agree on steps that can be taken to lower the risks in a portfolio . 
f - As of Wednesday 's close . 
`` At some point , if we are unable to cover our leveraged cost -- and at the moment we 're right on it -- we 're going to have to make a move . 
A Dow Jones spokesman said there were no corporate developments that would account for the activity . 
The offering , Series 107 , is backed by Freddie Mac 15-year , 9 % securities , and brings Freddie Mac 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 32.8 billion and its total volume to $ 46.8 billion since the program began in February 1988 . 
A spokeswoman said the apparel market troughed in the first half of 1988 , then began showing improvement in the second half of last year . 
`` If you say sell anytime a company 's price\/earnings ratio exceeds 15 , that knocks out all your growth stocks , '' he says . 
The evening ended with Mr. Glass 's `` Metamorphosis , '' another multiple work . 
The Morgan case thus tells us much more about the current state of sex , class , race and politics in our society than it does about the facts of Dr. Morgan 's particular situation . 
The finance minister 's order was n't sparked by a single event and does n't indicate a souring in relations between the neighboring countries . 
The agreement is contingent on certain government approvals and should be completed later this year . 
This fall , Ford introduced only one new product : A restyled version of its hulking Lincoln Town Car luxury model . 
Last year 's results were hurt by $ 41.3 million in restructuring charges . 
Crude oil for November delivery edged up by 16 cents a barrel to $ 20.75 a barrel . 
Norfolk Southern went up 1 1\/8 to 37 7\/8 . 
Among major domestic agencies , the Environmental Protection Agency stands to receive increases significantly beyond those sought by the administration , with pollution abatement and control accounts growing by 14 % to about $ 829.9 million . 
The oil company claims its yeast system also is better than bacteria at high-volume production of genetically engineered drugs . 
Changes in CD yields in the week ended Tuesday were in line with blips up and down within a fairly narrow range for the last two months . 
Cincinnati Bell Inc. said net declined 1.8 % . 
Other analysts say the Indian leader could retain control with a slim majority or be forced to rule as the dominant partner in a coalition with other parties . 
Later it was performed on Radio Bremen in Germany , and then Lucinda Childs took it for one of her dance pieces . 
The government , campaigning against fixed brokerage commissions , promptly sued the CBOE over its minimum-fee system . 
The attorney general 's office in Connecticut alone has put seven of them out of business over the past couple of years , and the enforcement drive is continuing there and elsewhere . 
That 's just the beginning , '' he says . 
Two guys from Gary , Ind. ? '' 
The bank 's medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries total $ 293 million , of which $ 146 million are n't accruing interest , the bank said . 
The increase for national edition advertising is less than the inflation rate and compares with a 6.5 % increase in 1989 . 
The personal antics of agency Director Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow drew much attention , such as when several of his top aides were uncovered as KGB plants and ejected from France and when a mysterious office fire was set just before Congress sent accountants to trace U.S. funds . 
The Ministry of Agriculture and Fishery actually is a ministry for farmers and fishermen instead of a ministry of provisions . 
PILING ON ? 
The conversion price for the debentures is $ 41.725 a share . 
He evades and ducks . 
You see , Marshall had this thing about the Navy and the Marines -- he wanted to make them part of the Army but Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal blocked him . 
Britain and all of Europe need to reconsider the prospects for European integration in light of the possible reunification and neutralization of Germany . 
Although the bidding group has n't had time to develop its latest idea fully or to discuss it with banks , it believes bank financing could be obtained . 
Its popularity was due to speculation about the strong earnings potential of a new type of plastic wrap for household use , a trader at County Natwest Securities Japan said . 
( Part of Mr. Dinkins 's strength is his ability to win the support of both the Brooklyn and Harlem factions . ) 
`` And short-term , the technicians may have their way . '' 
`` But the deals that never should have been brought have now become nuclear waste . 
The bid values Navigation Mixte at around 23 billion francs , depending on how many holders of Navigation Mixte warrants exchange them for shares before the bid expires . 
Only for yardwork and home maintenance did women do less than half . 
GM Class H , which represents a dividend interest in Hughes earnings , closed at $ 29 , up 25 cents in Big Board composite trading . 
The two sides also traded accusations about the cost of the Packwood plan . 
The Merksamer bankruptcy-law filing appears to supersede that agreement . 
The Japanese also are accused of keeping their cards too close to their vests . 
That rule gives boards of directors wide latitude in deciding how to deal with dissident shareholders . 
It said it filed an action of its own in federal court in San Jose , Calif. , seeking a declaration that Quickview 's claims are invalid . 
As of Sept. 30 , Halsey had 5.3 million common shares outstanding . 
`` It should read , `` Have You Anything Left ? '' 
And not just for the players . 
They let me down when the Japanese came down { during World War II } ... . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367.40 an ounce , up 10 cents . 
Beantown scribes , who spare no invective when taking on local luminaries such as Michael `` Pee Wee '' Dukakis , or New England Patriots Coach Raymond `` Rev. Ray '' Berry , yesterday poured ridicule on new drawings of Globe columnists that replaced old photos in the revamped pages this week . 
Mr. Berry , 58 , had resigned after being asked by Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , Kenneth Roman , to give up his title as creative head of the New York office and to take a fuzzier international role . 
His comments , made in response to reporters ' questions at the National Press Club here , signaled that Seoul is resisting U.S. pressure for a further rise in the currency 's value . 
CMS management said Thursday that they planned to recommend paying a modest dividend when the board of directors met Friday . 
CBS has changed the rules by throwing out the old basis for sports bids -- that is , can the network alone make a profit on it ? 
He cut her hair . 
You get a rain at the wrong time and the crop is ruined . '' 
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world . 
The sale , which Pechiney had been eager to make for several months , is still subject to certain unspecified conditions and is expected to be completed during the first quarter of 1990 , the group . 
Put more simply , GOP candidates for president are looked on more kindly by voters than Republican candidates for the Senate when the prisoner 's dilemma is more severe . 
However , that does n't mean they can benefit from the vaccine . 
British Gas finished at 197 , down 2 , on 13 million shares , British Petroleum fell 8 to 291 on 9.4 million shares , and British Telecom was 4 lower at 261 on turnover of 10 million shares . 
( U.S. Treasury bonds are still the dollar-denominated investment of choice for long-term Japanese investors ) . 
Corporate Issues 
All Nasdaq industry indexes finished lower , with financial issues hit the hardest . 
With prices already headed lower , news of a series of explosions at a major Phillips Petroleum Co. chemical facility on the Houston Ship Channel also was bearish for prices . 
Earlier this year , public television station WGBH in Boston fired Mr. Vila after a sponsor protested some of his numerous commercial endorsements . 
In any case , he 's likely to find that the more he muzzles his colleagues , the more leaks will pop up all around Washington , a lesson once learned by Henry Kissinger . 
The field is currently being developed and is slated to start production by the end of the year . 
Computer Associates closed at $ 13.625 , down 25 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Officials with the Pennsylvania Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , the arm of the state that investigates judicial misconduct , counter that they had no inkling of anything amiss in Ebensburg . 
The dispute started when China , angry that Hong Kong had allowed dissident swimmer Yang Yang to flee to the U.S. , halted the usual daily transfer of illegal immigrants caught in this British colony , which reverts to Beijing 's control in 1997 . 
Early in the day , bonds rose modestly on economists ' forecasts that this week 's slate of economic data will portray an economy headed for trouble . 
After all , this is the industry that has a hard enough time getting any respect , that is the butt of so many jokes that television 's `` L.A. Law '' portrays direct-mail-mogul David as short , bald , intensely nerdy , and unremittingly boring . 
RADIO : 
But whether this price break has implications for this week , he said , `` we will know more when the London Metal Exchange copper stock levels are released Monday morning . '' 
e - In Canadian dollars . 
Aftereffects of the 1987 stock market crash head the list of reasons . 
Most analysts had expected a sharper decline after the steep rise in August . 
If China were still on good terms with foreign lenders , it might be able to stem the drain on its foreign-exchange reserves by using some loan funds to offset the current-account deficit . 
Basically , Mr. Chestman was a fourth-level tippee . 
If the answers to these questions are affirmative , then institutional investors are likely to be favorably disposed toward a specific poison pill . 
Supporting banks will sign a `` Texas Declaration of Independents . '' 
Dime Savings Bank of New York was cleared by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to acquire Starpointe Savings Bank of Somerset , N.J. , the banks said . 
The move , which injects capital into the system , is seen as an effort to reassure the finanicial markets that the U.S. central bank is ready to provide the ample liquidity . 
The computer equipment and financial services company said IATA , a trade group , will sell access to the package to its 180 airline members world-wide . 
In January , American Medical brought in a new chief executive officer , Richard A. Gilleland , 45 , who will remain as chairman , president and chief executive . 
The male part , the anthers of the plant , and the female , the pistils , of the same plant are within a fraction of an inch or even attached to each other . 
`` The essence of being a trial lawyer is understanding how people of diverse backgrounds react to you and your presentation , '' says Barry Ostrager of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett , who recently won a huge case on behalf of insurers against Shell Oil Co . 
Maxwell agreed to sell its U.S. printing unit to Quebecor for $ 500 million , making Quebecor the No. 2 commercial printer in North America . 
`` What could have been better ? '' asks Mr. Engelken . 
Spiegel promises a `` Guaranteed Christmas , '' with a pledge to deliver goods before Christmas if ordered by Dec. 20 . 
That includes the CDBG funds and the Federal Housing Administration , which loans out money for private home mortgages and has just been discovered to be $ 4 billion in the hole . 
Carrying the new message on the road , Mr. Straszheim meets confrontation that often occurs in inverse proportion to the size of the client . 
`` We have capital requirements , '' says Mr. Linsert , `` so we have to go ahead '' with a planned $ 1.5 billion private placement . 
Mrs. Allen is a senior editor of Insight magazine . 
`` There 's a lot of uncertainty out there , and it will cause a lot of swings , '' he said . 
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines . 
The first five leased units were to be delivered in 1991 . 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 700 million in new cash with the sale Tuesday of about $ 10 billion in two-year notes to redeem $ 9.29 billion in maturing notes . 
The agreement is subject to regulatory approval and resolution of lawsuits brought by certain Diversified holders in connection with the proposed merger . 
At the moment , Ford executives will say little beyond reiterating their desire to raise Ford 's Jaguar stake to about 15 % . 
The companies are automotive-emissions-testing concerns . 
Bolar Pharmaceutical Co. posted the largest volume increase , 552,302 shares , to 2,157,656 . 
The value of the transaction was n't disclosed . 
`` You 've got to give these chairmen the opportunity to see if they can work things out , '' said House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta ( D. , Calif . ) . 
The Toronto-based company , together with Tenneco Inc. of Houston , has had an incomplete proposal filed with Canadian regulators since 1984 that it is now updating . 
Here are some of the major components of the gross national product expressed in seasonally adjusted annual rates in billions of constant ( 1982 ) dollars : 
Mr. Parker spins it into a pretty satisfying tale involving Poodle Springs high life , Hollywood low life and various folk who hang their hats in both worlds . 
It advised the National Football League in its largely successful defense of antitrust charges by the United States Football League . 
In another setback yesterday , United 's machinist union asked the Treasury Department to investigate whether certain aspects of the original buy-out proposal violated tax laws . 
Nguyen Ngoc seemed an obvious choice when the Vietnamese Writers Association was looking for a new editor to reform its weekly newspaper , Van Nghe . 
If you 're going to take the risk in this market , you want something extra . '' 
And he told the physicist that China 's leaders were `` very much concerned '' about the deaths and had arranged aid for the victims ' families . 
Who is going to carry the water ? ' '' 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
We hear , we may think , inner voices , but they all seem to be saying the same thing . 
The per-share loss was $ 5.32 . 
In its report to Congress on international economic policies , the Treasury said that any improvement in the broadest measure of trade , known as the current account , `` is likely at best to be very modest , '' and `` the possibility of deterioration in the current account next year can not be excluded . '' 
Unable to get a new law through a congress with a strong leftist bloc , Mexico jury-rigged the existing law 's regulations . 
Mr. Moon planned to convert millions of Americans to his unique brand of Christianity -- in which he plays the role of Old Testament-style temporal , political messiah -- and then to make the U.S. part of a unified international theocracy . 
Economists expect general merchandise sales in the fourth quarter to rise 4.5 % to 6 % from year-ago figures . 
Now , a new law in Texas seems to be providing the proof . 
Aside from the special charge , Amoco 's results were in line with Wall Street estimates . 
`` Name-dropping is pervasive and getting more so as society becomes more complex and alienating , '' says Herbert Freudenberger , a New York psychoanalyst , with a high-powered clientele . 
William C. Stuart III 
From the Mexicans ' viewpoint , vaunted tactics of methodical Japanese managers do n't count for much in a land where a saying says `` there are no fixed rules . '' 
And they say the outlook for 1990 is nearly as bad . 
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high-yield market . 
I remembered being fired at age 44 , with five children at home , when my views and actions were deemed unsettling by a timid , small-town employer . 
Dataproducts had sought a buyer for several months , but it is now in the midst of a restructuring plan and management says the company is no longer for sale . 
Using estimates of the company 's future earnings under a variety of scenarios , First Boston estimated UAL 's value at $ 248 to $ 287 a share if its future labor costs conform to Wall Street projections ; $ 237 to $ 275 if the company reaches a settlement with pilots similar to one at NWA ; $ 98 to $ 121 under an adverse labor settlement , and $ 229 to $ 270 under a pilot contract imposed by the company following a strike . 
PepsiCo closed at $ 58.50 a share , up $ 1.375 . 
Ray Neidl of Dillon Read & Co. said Mr. Trump `` is stepping back and waiting for the dust to settle . 
Chevron said higher crude oil prices boosted profits from production operations , but margins in refining and marketing declined . 
Older properties that still have a 1950s image are also vulnerable . 
Still , analysts said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers . 
Revenue from non-GM accounts was 45 % of EDS 's total business in the latest nine months , compared with 40 % a year earlier . 
In addition to wage increases , the union negotiated improved vacation plans , benefit packages and pension plans , Mr. Slotnick said . 
Other long-distance carriers have also begun marketing enhanced 900 service , and special consultants are springing up to exploit the new tool . 
As soon as the tremor passed , many people spontaneously arose and cheered , as though it had been a novel kind of pre-game show . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
The government is funding several projects to push PC use . 
Harry J. Gray and Melvyn N. Klein , along with five other IMA designees , were named to join American Medical 's 10-member board . 
As Ms. Johnson stands outside the Hammack house after winding up her chores there , the house begins to creak and sway . 
More than half of poor families were headed by women living without men , the bureau said . 
This is New York City . 
The company said the approximately $ 115 million acquisition price includes its total $ 33 million of long-term debt outstanding . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
MARK RESOURCES INC. , Calgary , Alberta , said it agreed to sell 75 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 63.9 million ) of 8 % convertible debentures to a group of securities dealers . 
By comparison , global asset allocation funds have turned in an average total return of about 19 % , while domestic flexible portfolios are up about 17 % . 
The comments were the ministry 's first detailed public statement on the subject , and reflect the ministry 's concern that foreigners will think Japan is using its tremendous financial power to control events in foreign markets . 
Mr. Eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to evolve and adapt to local changes , but he feels that the Sino-British agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future . 
Last week , the strategy of playing the two experts off each other blew up : Mr. Lawson quit in exasperation and Sir Alan Walters , the adviser , announced his resignation within an hour . 
No longer . 
Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts . 
The maker of software products and services , which had a net loss in the 1988 third quarter , earned 200,000 , or a penny a share , in this year 's quarter . 
F. Gil Troutman , 46 years old , was named chief executive officer . 
The results compare with a year-earlier net loss of $ 1.5 million , or seven cents a share , based on 20.3 million common and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
The demonstration was non-violent and involved only a simple misdemeanor , but its impact on that individual was violent and terminal . 
Mainstream economists and commentators , craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing , swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs , claimed the end result would be a leaner , meaner corporate America , with soaring productivity and profits and the weaker gone to the wall . 
And some even do it with malice aforethought . 
With demand growing and workers in short supply , many Japanese manufacturers are spending heavily on automation . 
Robins has been in proceedings under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code since August 1985 ; such proceedings give it protection from creditor lawsuits while it works out a plan for paying its debts . 
HEALTH-CARE experts have long worried that young doctors emerging from medical school with a mountain of debt will choose careers in high-paying specialties instead of primary care , where more physicians are needed most . 
Outside investors , scarce since '86 , are edging back . 
Robert G. Hodson , 65 , retired as chairman but will remain a consultant . 
The modest sell-off , which started on Tuesday , continued . 
The inclusion at one point , for example , of a list of glitzy modern-day malefactors , ranging from Jim Bakker and Leona Helmsley to Zsa Zsa Gabor , is a bid for a cheap laugh unworthy of Mr. Boyd 's ability . 
Sidhpur and adjacent districts are the only places in the world where psyllium is grown in large quantities . 
The rights plan would be triggered if a person or group acquires 20 % or more of the common shares outstanding without making an offer to all shareholders . 
Bass ended up 3 higher at 966 , Guinness closed at 589 , down 7 , and Scottish & Newcastle dropped 11 to 359 , but Whitbread Class A shares rose 17 to 363 . 
One problem is that the Internal Revenue Service has decided that the investment earnings and gains of the sponsors ' funds are taxable . 
Wall Street has n't gotten that far yet , but it has made a promising start . 
Society Corp. already has branches in the area , and selling the Trustcorp offices could avoid a problem with regulators over excessive concentration of banking in the two counties after the merger of Trustcorp into Society , according to industry sources . 
It is no coincidence that from 1844 to 1914 , when the Bank of England was an independent private bank , the pound was never devalued and payment of gold for pound notes was never suspended , but with the subsequent nationalization of the Bank of England , the pound was devalued with increasing frequency and its use as an international medium of exchange declined . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 30 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.78 % 13 weeks ; 7.62 % 26 weeks . 
Expansion plans also include acquisitions in growing foreign markets . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Inc. 's common stock was dragged down yesterday amid concerns that a bankruptcy filing by a Finnish shipbuilder would delay delivery of three big cruise ships . 
`` We need research that convinces us that magazines are a real value in reader 's lives , that readers are really involved . '' 
Meanwhile , Wall Street 's volatility unnerved investors in other markets . 
Some organizations have devised their own systems to sort through news wire items as they come in . 
Claiborne shares closed yesterday at $ 25.125 , up 50 cents , in national over-the-counter trading . 
`` I tell people it 's the groundup bones of saints , '' he says . 
Salomon said net income soared to $ 177 million , or $ 1.28 a share , from $ 65 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Chrysler 's operating profit fell to a scant $ 22 million , or 10 cents a share , its lowest quarterly total in seven years . 
But Mr. Rose is still looking seriously at the 9000 . 
Kodak yesterday confirmed that it has entered negotiations with Maynard , Mass.-based Digital to manage all of its voice and data communications needs . 
Asked what he would do differently on the morrow , Craig allowed that he might play his outfielders deeper , `` maybe on the other side of the fence . '' 
At the end of the third quarter , Bank of New York 's credit-card business consisted of 2.4 million accounts with $ 3.6 billion in loans outstanding . 
`` I think if we had been allowed to go ahead then we would n't have the problems we have now , '' Mr. Sanford says . 
Because the exchange 's computer was rerouting orders to the exchange 's trading operations in Los Angeles , `` business is as usual '' Mr. Vyas said . 
British investigations were prompted by a list of 17 alleged war criminals living in Britain sent to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in October 1986 by the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles . 
$ 1,048,500,000 . 
Sir Alan assailed the monetary arrangement as `` half-baked '' in an article being published in an American economics journal . 
`` Newport Beach is known in Rhode Island for having a lot of rich people . '' 
The investor , Donald A. Wright , plans to run the company , said a spokesman for Kyle . 
Last October , Quebecor bought 23 Canadian printing plants from BCE Inc. , a Montreal telecommunications , manufacturing , energy and real estate company . 
KnowledgeWare Inc. , an Atlanta computer-software concern , says it is still planning to go ahead with its IPO this week or next -- unless conditions change . 
Coca-Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft-drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country . 
His theme is unity , decency , humanity , bringing New York together again . 
In recent years , the airlines had waited until the last moment to court Christmas season vacationers with bargain fares . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5765 , sharply down from $ 1.6145 late Wednesday . 
The result is a $ 45 billion market , according to Securities Data Co . 
Japanese companies have long been accused of sacrificing profit to boost sales . 
Revenue rose 11 % to $ 4.56 billion from $ 4.12 billion . 
He puts the OTC market 's Nellcor , Office Club and BizMart on the list . 
Texas Rep. Steve Bartlett , who has 40,000 American Airlines workers in his district , says the bill is `` good politics , but bad law . '' 
General Electric Co. was given an $ 89.6 million Navy contract for nuclear propulsion parts . 
Big Board officials also hope Japanese investors will become interested in the exchange 's product . 
Fireman 's is part of a $ 38 million syndicate that supplies business interruption insurance to the city on the Bay Bridge , which must pay employees during the three weeks or more it is expected to be out of service and deprived of toll income . 
Kawasaki Steel was down 11 at 788 , Kobe Steel lost 5 to 723 , and Nippon Steel slipped 6 to 729 . 
As earlier reported , L.J. Hooker this week received a $ 409 million bid for its three shopping malls , plus other properties from a consortium led by Honolulu real-estate investor Jay Shidler and A. Boyd Simpson , an Atlanta developer and former L.J. Hooker senior executive . 
`` I like to succeed , '' says Mr. Rey during a recent morning of working at home , which he also likes . 
Under the proposed agreement , Gold Texas holders will receive 1.43 Crown shares for each of the 1.1 million Gold Texas shares not owned by Crown , which already owns 65 % . 
Much of the instability in stock prices lately has been blamed on arbitrage trading , designed to profit from differences in prices between stocks and index futures . 
The filing in bankruptcy court here follows a string of quarterly losses and product glitches for the maker of harddisk drives for minicomputers and microcomputers . 
But , with public demonstrations in the country growing in size and intensity , Mr. Honecker and several key allies lost out in this battle , officials say . 
`` It 's a baptism of fire for Corry , '' says one USX executive . 
Ladislav Adamec , ending a two-day visit to Austria , pledged changes in Czechoslovakia , including freer travel to the West . 
In `` Wonderful Life : The Burgess Shale and the Nature of History '' ( Norton , 326 pages , $ 19.95 ) , Mr. Gould makes his case for `` the awesome improbability of human evolution . '' 
John C. Marous , chairman and chief executive officer , also said the company expects sales from continuing businesses to rise 8.5 % annually through the next three years . 
Also , Larry A. Kushkin , executive vice president , North American operations , was named head of the company 's international automotive operations , another new position . 
Both Renault and DAF will have world-wide marketing rights for the new range of vans and light trucks . 
But by the time Solidarity took office in September , the damage was done . 
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Traders say this all goes to show that even the smartest money manager can get infected with crowd passions . 
For the nine months , the company expects to post a net loss of about $ 879,000 , or 35 cents to 40 cents a share , on revenue of $ 6.5 million . 
The Pentagon argues that the negative wedge is the net effect of $ 22 billion in the as-yet unidentified procurement reductions that it intends to find in future years and $ 23 billion in an `` above guidance '' management reserve that accounts for undefined programs that will materialize in the future . 
Yet there will be people who will sob at `` Immediate Family , '' a limply constructed and offensive movie about adoption . 
The rise followed boosts of 0.1 % in August , 0.7 % in July and 0.6 % in June . 
Psychologists say isolated people who do n't discuss their investments with others are particularly at risk for fraud . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 39.55 points to 2683.20 . 
The estimated earthquake losses are low compared with the $ 4 billion in claims that insurers face from Hurricane Hugo , which ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month . 
The union , though , has called the offer `` insulting . '' 
Not everyone is worried , however . 
Blue chips led the march up in heavy trading . 
They 're small time in the small time-hotels ( not the best ones ) and restaurants in Seattle . 
But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation that accompanies a vigorous merger and buy-out business , and UAL has obviously put a damper on that . 
The team trimmed more than two months from the cycle time previously required to develop comparable proposals . 
Meanwhile , the broad-based Financial Times 100-share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session . 
Medicine in the 19th century was dedicated mostly to combating sepsis and diagnostic analysis . 
I suppose sooner or later , the Japanese would have to fill up a large part of the gap on the naval side . 
Ginnie Mae 9 % securities ended at 98 6\/32 , up 9\/32 , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. 9 % securities were at 97 10\/32 , up 6\/32 . 
The president also hinted he might veto this year 's intelligence authorization bill if it is too restrictive . 
`` Collectibles should continue to be recognized as capital assets , '' the letter states . 
In California and New York , state officials have opposed Channel One . 
The Milwaukee toy retailer said the agreement calls for Everything 's a Dollar holders to receive for their holdings a total of 354,600 newly issued Wisconsin Toy shares . 
Amex short interest climbed 3 % to 53,496,665 shares from 51,911,566 shares . 
Helmsley Enterprises Inc. plans to close its company-owned insurance business and is seeking other brokers to take over its policies , according to individuals familiar with the New York firm . 
PWA Corp. said it plans to sell by spring 1992 all 15 passenger planes it acquired earlier this year in its 248 million Canadian dollar ( US$ 211.6 million ) purchase of Wardair Inc . 
Revenue from tourism this year is projected to total $ 1.3 billion , down from $ 2.2 billion last year . 
Mr. Andersson is anxious to strengthen Trelleborg 's balance sheet . 
I compared one universal policy for $ 130,000 face amount from such an insurer , American Life Insurance Corp. of Lincoln , Neb. , with a similar offering from Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U.S. , which operates through 11,000 commissioned salesmen . 
The bonds , rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 6.90 % in 2006 to 2009 . 
And because Northern California home prices are so high , loans from the region often are too large to be included in Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae pools . 
The average issue on Standard & Poor 's 500-stock Index gained 35 % last year , Ms. Farrell of PaineWebber says . 
It is an admirable public relations program initiated by a single political leader during a four-year blink of history . 
The apparel holding company had sales in the quarter ended Aug. 27 of $ 1 billion , up 12 % from $ 908.8 million a year ago . 
Wilson H. Taylor , president and chief executive officer of this insurance and financial services concern , was elected to the additional post of chairman . 
Only recently has it been attractively redesigned and its editorial product improved . 
Since the preferred stock is cumulative , Amdura said it will pay all omitted dividends , which range from $ 1.19 to $ 4.88 a share , when debt-reduction requirements have been met . 
`` There is little or no integration of our work , quality is spotty , there is no single focus , '' Mr. Phillips complained to staffers in March , when the reorganization was announced . 
The figures occasionally include incomplete transactions in restricted stock . 
Having lost their faith in God , in social reform and in opium , Cairenes are left with nothing but their sense of humor . 
She 'll think of an idea the editorial people think is impossible , then she 'll have us make it work . '' 
The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for low-interest disaster loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
Such support usually comes from arbitragers who use a strong British pound to buy copper in New York . 
If a bank 's credit rating was lowered because of , say , its loans to Third World nations , that could also affect the ratings , liquidity and prices of the asset-backed issues that the bank supports . 
The HyperCard program allows users to design applications for Macintosh computers without having to be hardcore programmers and is distributed with every Macintosh sold . 
The decision by Merrill , the nation 's largest securities firm , represents the biggest retreat yet from program trading . 
The West German machinery and plant equipment industry 's orders rose an inflation-adjusted 1 % in September from a year earlier despite a sharp drop in foreign orders , the German Association of Machinery Makers said . 
Connecticut -- $ 100.4 million of general obligation capital appreciation bonds , College Savings Plan , 1989 Series B , priced by a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group . 
But investors better not ignore its limitations , either . 
The new agency group is already in discussions about a possible purchase in Spain , while Mr. Breene said it also plans to make acquisitions in Scandinavia , Germany and elsewhere . 
And the controversy has led to uncertainty about the outcome of the election . 
Looking to the past can provide some clues . 
Many brokerage house officials also are optimistic . 
This means that the maximum yearly Social Security tax paid by workers and employers each will rise $ 250.80 next year to $ 3,855.60 . 
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . '' 
Foreclosures and other signs of financial distress , most often associated with the real estate market in the Southwest , are surfacing in the suburban office market of the once thriving Northeast . 
One analyst noted that the company often has better store locations than do its franchisees , thus aiding promotional efforts . 
Most of the growth , he said , will come in the $ 35,000-to-$50,000 price range , where Mercedes has a 35 % U.S. market share . 
South Australian Government Finance Authority ( agency ) -- 
The soreness , he admits , went away about a week after the shot . 
`` That burden is very difficult , if not impossible , to meet , '' says Mr. Boyd . 
Dr. Dryja made his retinoblastoma discovery in 1986 . 
Local farmers say it is as good a cash crop as mustard or fenugreek , a legume . 
Fosset so far is the only member of a financial exchange to be forced to be taken over by another firm as a result of Friday 's rout . 
The securities were priced to float monthly at 20 basis points above the 30-day commercial paper rate . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Ruskin had said that holders of the other 45 % of United Merchants would receive one-half share of a new preferred stock for each of their shares . 
Richard Secord , the retired Air Force general felled in the Iran-Contra scandal , is all but ruined -- forced to sell his Virginia home and pull his kids out of college , according to a recent fund-raising appeal sent out on his behalf . 
But salespeople often found that news of Wang 's problems superseded their sales efforts . 
The business includes Beefeater gin . 
`` If it causes management to take their eye off the ball , inventory shrinkage is going to be affected , '' says Lewis Shealy , vice president for loss prevention at Marshall Field 's , the department store chain . 
Which , it should be added , does n't prevent the charities from raking in a lot of money anyway . 
Until now , its inability to form membership ties with organized labor has kept it from penetrating the lucrative New York metropolitan area construction market . 
Robert Stovall , a veteran New York money manager and president of Stovall\/Twenty-First Securities , has money in both gold and utility issues . 
`` The emotional aspect is so draining , they needed a good workout . '' 
The champion apparently was not worried at all about D.T. 's strong points . 
Loral Corp. said it received a $ 325 million order from Turkey 's Ministry of Defense , the largest contract the company ever has received . 
MURDER THREAT charged in Haas Securities Corp . stock-manipulation trial . 
Mitsubishi Trust & Banking Corp . ( Japan ) -- 200 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with a fixed 0.75 % coupon at par , via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
If all the debt is converted to common , Automatic Data will issue about 3.6 million shares ; last Monday , the company had nearly 73 million shares outstanding . 
Codifying those sanctions could prompt Chinese retaliation . 
In Japan , government bond prices fell . 
The spokesman said Maxicare hopes to complete the reorganization by early 1990 . 
But Japanese institutions shied away from bidding on the high-profile tower out of fear their purchase of the property would trigger anti-Japanese sentiment . 
The measure is expected to come before the House today , and Congress is under pressure to complete action before midnight EDT tomorrow , when the current continuing resolution expires . 
Nine-month net climbed 19 % to $ 174.8 million , or $ 2.21 a primary share , from $ 147.5 million , or $ 1.94 a share . 
Fixed-income funds have returned 8.2 % , while gold funds , which tend to be volatile , have risen just 4.55 % , on average . 
The Postels did not give permission . 
Just yesterday , New Hampshire announced it made a $ 75,000 settlement with Drexel , a record-tying fine for a securities-law matter in that state . 
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact . 
He labeled reports of friction `` ridiculous , '' and said that he spent part of the weekend on Mr. Phillips 's boat in Connecticut . 
Or would he interpret it as instruction to give more weight to these other objectives that the secretary represents -- low interest rates , short-run economic expansion , and stabilization of exchange rates at internationally managed levels ? 
With the TV business falling on hard times in recent years , analysts say that if SCI TV had to be liquidated today , it might fetch 30 % less than in the 1987 buy-out , wiping out most of the company 's junk-holders and its stockholders . 
As a result , GOP state Rep. Stephen Freind of Delaware County , the legislature 's leading foe of abortion , has been given all but free rein to press a strict seven-point plan to restrict abortion and , he hopes , to force the Supreme Court directly to reassess its 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that established the right of abortion in the first place . 
Computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co. , based in Palo Alto , says one of its buildings sustained severe damage when it was knocked off its foundation . 
Northeast 's previous offer had proposed that equity holders receive just $ 165 million . 
In early trading , Treasury bonds were higher on expectations that a surge in buying among Japanese investors would continue . 
Still others are looking at overseas markets . 
Canadian officials said the trade pact has kindled an export interest among many small Canadian companies that previously had little or no foreign sales . 
The only frenzy I saw was commercial : Booths selling World Series commemorative stamps and dated postmarks were besieged by fledgling speculators who saw future profit in the items . 
`` I sprinkle a little around and tell the demons to leave . 
They fear that the boom may be too big for Japan 's or anyone else 's good . 
The pay 's the same , and the duty 's lighter . 
Continental 's logic : It does n't want business companions abusing the promotion by falsely claiming to be related . 
That gives them enormous leverage , including the threat of a strike to block any buy-out or recapitalization attempt they oppose . 
The company said its acquisition of Ross Catherall will be covered largely by cash raised in its July disposal of Howson-Algraphy for # 241.7 million . 
Still , Mr. Carew thinks he can reach a good chunk of the three million-plus black homes he needs by mailing to the almost 10,000 blacks who form what he calls `` the grapevine . '' 
In late New York trading the currency was quoted at 1.8355 marks and 141.45 yen , compared with 1.8470 marks and 141.90 yen Monday . 
Industry officials and congressional aides said that the main points of a compromise defense authorization bill , hammered out during a flurry of private meetings over the past few days , provide a face-saving compromise for both the White House and House Democrats . 
Most of the crimes incorporated in the Thurmond bill are exceedingly rare -- killing a Supreme Court justice , for instance , or deliberately causing a train wreck that results in a death . 
Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for disposable diapers and tissue products , and from increased sales , primarily for feminine-care products , the company said . 
`` We 've been spending a lot of time in Los Angeles talking to TV production people , '' says Mike Parks , president of Call Interactive , which supplied technology for both ABC Sports and NBC 's consumer minutes . 
Interest will be paid semi-annually . 
Mr. Sloan praises the company as recession resistant and notes that it has an annual earnings growth rate of 32 % a year over the past five years . 
At this point , the options were : Crunch money to stop the boost in the aggregates , as Sir Alan surely advised , and forget the soaring pound . 
Thus far , almost all of the basic technology relating to high-definition television has come from U.S. laboratories . 
Cineplex traded on the New York Stock Exchange at $ 11.25 a share , up $ 1.125 , before trading was halted . 
The number had a troubling effect on Wall Street , suggesting that more fundamental economic problems may underlie last Friday 's stock market slide . 
Great Western 's provision for loan losses was increased to $ 27.9 million for the recent quarter compared with $ 21.8 million a year ago primarily as a result of `` continued weakness in various commercial and multifamily real estate markets outside California . '' 
Mr. Savaiko theorized that the news on cold fusion did n't affect the market yesterday because many traders have already been badly burnt by such stories . 
The Miami-based environmental engineering concern said GSX Chemical also will assume about $ 1.6 million in debt related to those divisions . 
Then , two days before receiving an endorsement from environmental groups , Mr. Dinkins promised he would issue a three-year moratorium on construction of garbage-incinerator plants . 
You can go only up or down ( by heating the balloon 's air with a propane burner , which does make the top of your head feel hot ) and ride the air currents . 
Congress 's ham-handed treatment of the existing structure of junk-bond holdings reminds us of a story in the Journal earlier this year about the Baby Bell companies ' desire to have the court-ordered bans lifted on offering information services . 
Freddie Mac for years has offered a so-called participation certificate that guarantees it wo n't be prepaid for a set number of years and offers semiannual payments . 
McCaw , which dropped 2 1\/2 to 37 3\/4 , has offered $ 125 a share for a majority of LIN 's shares . 
The computer can process 13.3 million calculations called floating-point operations every second . 
B.A.T has declined to identify the potential bidders . 
In major market activity : 
The ministers , concluding a two-day meeting in southern Portugal , welcomed Moscow 's pledges to cut its military forces , but urged the Soviets to do more to slash short-range nuclear weapons . 
It 's a nuisance tax on mergers . 
The dollar rose against the Swiss and French francs . 
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award . 
Compare the Bush request to what the Senators gave themselves : 
The company said third-quarter sales are expected to increase 25 % from $ 3.12 billion of last year 's third quarter . 
In 1987 , the Presidents Commission of the NCAA , which oversees most U.S. intercollegiate sports , contracted with the Washington-based American Institutes for Research to do a survey on the college experiences of what the body chooses to call student-athletes . 
Many investors have nagging worries , however . 
With only small help from the government , these start-up concerns are trying to compete with the Goliaths of the Japanese consumer electronics industry , which enjoy considerable backing from the Japanese government . 
Getting a grip on the extent of the damages is proving a far more difficult task than what insurers faced after Hurricane Hugo ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month . 
Lucas Industries , a British automotive and aerospace concern , rose 13 pence to 614 pence after it said its pretax profit for the year rose 28 % . 
`` It took Zhao Ziyang ( former premier and party chief ) 10 years to build a team of economists who understood how the Western economies work and now that team is part in exile , part being rusticated and part missing . '' 
And we certainly do not believe that Mr. Gorbachev or any of his emissaries yet deserve to have the West take their word for it . 
It now holds 233,000 A.P. Green common shares , including 30,000 shares bought last Thursday for $ 35.50 to $ 36.50 a share . 
`` Thomson took a called strike , '' Mr. Engelken recounts . 
And Alcan Aluminium Ltd. yesterday reported net income slid 30 % to $ 180 million , or 77 cents a share , from $ 258 million , or $ 1.07 a share . 
The EC Commission decided that such an accord does n't benefit consumers enough to merit an exemption from antitrust law . 
He said he set up shop on the sidewalk in front of his town-house office and helped victims apply for federal aid -- free of charge . 
Daihatsu also has the Fellow 90 , the Leeza Spider and the Hijet Dumbo . 
The New York study 's companies averaged 27 employees ; their annual crime losses averaged about $ 15,000 , with an additional $ 8,385 annual cost in security -- enough money to hire at least one more worker . 
C.R. Bard Inc. yesterday said third-quarter net plunged 51 % to $ 9.9 million , or 18 cents a share , from $ 20 million , or 35 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The convertible capital appreciation bonds all yield 7.25 % to their respective conversion dates , when they become 7 1\/4 % current interest-bearing bonds until maturity . 
The only securities so far to be singled out are those issued by Bay View Federal Savings & Loan . 
For the third quarter , total operating revenue grew 2.6 % to $ 3.55 billion from $ 3.46 billion . 
Scrap merchants are converting smaller quantities of metal into silver , while low prices are discouraging exports from India and the Soviet Union . 
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . '' 
It was nothing more or nothing less than a feeding frenzy . '' 
In when-issued trading , the notes were quoted at a price to yield 7.78 % . 
From 1980 to 1988 , while federal budget deficits totaled $ 1.41 trillion , the government issued $ 394 billion of new direct loans and an additional $ 756 billion of new primary loan guarantees . 
Some European analysts speculated that officials of Saab 's highly profitable Scania truck operation balked at surrendering any of their autonomy . 
At the low end , investors can spend $ 15,000 or more to own a racehorse in partnership with others . 
The merger is subject to regulatory clearance and a definitive agreement . 
Devotees pass hours , watching the lights blink and listening to the metal balls ping , as much to gamble as to get a little time to be anonymous , alone with their thoughts . 
Shares of the new partnership would trade on an exchange like a stock . 
Anti-abortion forces regard him as at best an uncertain ally . 
Northrop Corp. 's third-quarter net income fell 25 % to $ 21.5 million , or 46 cents a share , while General Dynamics Corp. reported nearly flat earnings of $ 76.5 million , or $ 1.83 a share . 
`` They ca n't help talking about the big important people they know , even if they do n't really know them , '' says Dr. Freudenberger . 
The Agriculture Department also said that the number of fattened cattle slaughtered in the quarter dropped by 5 % from the 1988 quarter , which was in line with projections by analysts . 
Ms. de Vries is a free-lance writer . 
In recent months , more than 25 agencies have been robbed , compared with only a handful all last year , according to police and travel-agency groups . 
Volume totaled 11,820,000 shares . 
Last week the stock hit an all-time high of 37 1\/4 before getting roughed up in the Friday-the-13th minicrash . 
The Nobel committee made the first addition ; John Dingell 's congressional committee created the second . 
Average maturity was as short as 29 days at the start of this year , when short-term interest rates were moving steadily upward . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks . 
According to chief scriptwriter Rene Villanueva , `` Batibot '' does n't set out to advance the cause of Filipino . 
The Nikkei , which reached as high as 35611.38 right after the opening , surrendered part of its early advance toward the end of the day because of profit-taking . 
Moreover , she proclaimed that `` landscape architects have been going wrong for the last 20 years '' in the design of open space . 
Mr. Nadeau also is chairman and chief executive of Unigesco Inc. , Provigo 's controlling shareholder . 
The rally brought the gain so far this week to about 114 points . 
Mead gained 1 to 37 7\/8 . 
Toyota Motor fell 40 to 2,680 . 
The $ 58.9 million of 7 % certificates due 2016 carry the issue 's high yield , priced at 97 3\/4 to yield 7.19 % . 
The panel is expected to add provisions waiving restrictions on the use of federal highway funds and may also shift money within the package to bolster the share for the Small Business Administration . 
On his off-hours he wears cardigan sweaters . 
Columbia Pictures is being acquired by Sony Corp. , which is based in Japan . 
Cuban military personnel also have been active in Afghanistan since 1979 . 
S&P also lowered ratings on unsecured deposits and issues backed by a letter of credit from the bank holding company 's principal unit , Valley National Bank of Arizona . 
We ran into the house to get Mame , but the next tremor threw me in the air and bounced me as I tried to get to my feet . 
`` But the last thing you want to do is manipulate the subconscious to make them think better . 
The only way to catch an electronic thief , he said , is to set him up with erroneous information . 
The maker of hand-held computers and computer systems said the personnel changes were needed to improve the efficiency of its manufacturing operation . 
West Virginia , home of Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd , would receive $ 21.5 million -- four times the military 's request . 
There can be no quibbling that the Armenians endured terrible suffering , but one has to wonder what possible good such a resolution will achieve . 
But Mr. Skinner disagreed , calling the legislation `` a retreat from the policy of deregulaton of the airline industry . '' 
Mr. Noriega was growing desperate . 
Officials in some of these states say they do n't want to simply accept the settlements offered by Drexel . 
But as Bill Austin , Giant 's president , puts it , `` With some of the bigger players consolidating their strength , the game has changed . 
As Judge Kozinski put it : `` To invoke the right to deliberately distort what someone else has said is to assert the right to lie in print ... . 
`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says . 
J.C. Penney & Co. issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit-card receivables . 
With strong prices in the company 's two major areas -- building products as well as pulp and paper -- analysts had expected a roaring quarter . 
In addition , Whitbread intends to focus on its newer hotel , liquor store and restaurant businesses in Europe and North America . 
`` What they are telling you is that they do n't have the ability to generate higher returns internally , '' says Mr. Sloan . 
It depends on when you look . 
Amtech , which makes an automated process system that improves the yields of semiconductor manufacturers , said profit for the year ended Sept. 30 rose to more than $ 800,000 from $ 446,000 last year . 
But is he so clever that he has achieved the political equivalent of making water run uphill ? 
It was during the quiet exodus down the pristine concrete ramps of the Stick that I really understood the point of all those Walkmen and Watchmen . 
Traders and analysts said they did n't see any effect on Tokyo stocks from the California earthquake . 
In addition , the group says some of its member companies have been denied insurance because individual workers had medical problems that ranged from a mild cardiac condition to psychological counseling after a divorce , hemorrhoids and overweight . 
KKR also signaled to the company 's creditors that Henry Kravis and other KKR directors of SCI TV would resign from the board once the restructuring is completed and forgo their voting rights . 
Analysts were only slightly disappointed by Citicorp 's numbers . 
At London 's close , the Dow Jones Industrial Average was 51.23 points lower at 2611.68 . 
The package is more than $ 1 billion above the recommendations of Budget Director Richard Darman this week . 
The forecasts were widely disseminated , and , in a splashy ad campaign launched in the summer of 1988 , Merrill Lynch urged investors to buy bonds . 
They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : `` Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him or ... disapproved by him ... . '' 
By the time the market plummeted 10 days ago , Monetta was 55 % in cash , said Robert Bacarella , president and portfolio manager . 
With three minutes left on the clock , Mr. Aikman takes the snap , steps back and fires a 21-yard pass -- straight into the hands of an Atlanta defensive back . 
The move also would allow the company to concentrate on core businesses , which include ceramic tile , floor coverings and furniture . 
For the first six months , wholesale sales rose 12.3 % from the year before , reflecting to a 11.5 % jump in domestic sales and a 14.6 % boost in foreign sales . 
Advances in aircraft fuel efficiency over the years made a Shannon stop unnecessary for most Western air fleets , but Aeroflot still flies inefficient Ilyushins that ca n't make it from Moscow to Managua on one hop . 
He received $ 50,085 . 
Mr. McDonough 's first professional project fully to reflect his environmental ardor was his 1986 design for the headquarters of the Environmental Defense Fund in New York . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Kimberly-Clark closed at $ 66.50 a share , up $ 1.50 . 
Critics say Mitsubishi Estate 's decision to buy into Rockefeller reflects the degree to which companies are irritated by the pressure to act for the good of Japan . 
Digital Equipment has set up disaster-recovery response centers in Dallas , Atlanta and Colorado Springs , Colo . 
P&G , Cincinnati , agreed to exchange 0.272 share of its common stock for each share of Noxell common and Class B stock , a total of about 11 million P&G shares . 
But as soon as the accords were signed , American officials sharply reduced aid . 
Yesterday 's rally in the stock , futures and options markets led CBOE and Amex officials to conclude that the $ 50 million in guarantees almost certainly wo n't need to be tapped by First Options . 
Wrong on all counts , Miss Fraser . 
For retailers , Christmas , not Halloween , promises to be this year 's spookiest season . 
In the latest week , funds open to institutions alone grew by $ 1.8 billion . 
Moves to accelerate the removal of dangerous pesticides gained new impetus during this year 's Alar scare , when the EPA was harshly criticized for failing to yank the possible carcinogen , a growth regulator used to make apples redder and crunchier . 
If the three companies pool their air-freight businesses , their clout would be considerable . 
`` I 've never met a ghost that could n't be explained away by perfectly natural means , '' he says . 
Even if there is no restructuring , Manville seems to be attractive long-term . 
Management 's total could be reduced , and the public could get more than the 15 % control that had been earmarked for British Air . 
But his is a story about a hero in an era of sports anti-heroes , and about what Babe Ruth , Mr. Engelken reminds us , once called `` the only real game in the world . '' 
Resolution Funding Corp. to sell $ 4.5 billion 30-year bonds . 
Mr. Stoltzman tied the composer in by proclaiming him `` the great improviser of the 18th century , '' and then built on the image by joining with Mr. Douglas in some Bach two-part inventions , cleverly arranged for clarinet and bassoon by Mr. Douglas . 
Just five months after Ogilvy Group was swallowed up in an unsolicited takeover , Kenneth Roman , Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , said he is leaving to take a top post at American Express Co . 
Contract details , however , have n't been made public . 
Westamerica said Mr. Decker 's posts were assumed by David Payne , Westamerica 's chairman , who at 34 years of age becomes one of the youngest chief executives of a sizable bank in the country . 
The Epilepsy Institute 's reporting of breakthrough seizures stemmed from concerns about the people we treat and care about daily . 
If they do good credit analysis , they will avoid the hand grenades . 
But most of them could have afforded to keep up their payments -- they chose not to do so . 
The Senate rejected a constitutional amendment sought by Bush to prohibit desecration of the U.S. flag . 
`` We believe that the vast majority of imported material is safe . 
BOTH SIDES NOW : 
If the economy turns down , such proposals could gain strong momentum . 
Mr. Hoelzer , however , sued Stamford , claiming that the city had abandoned the artwork and that it had waited too long to reclaim it . 
However , the company also lost orders because of prolonged labor talks in the second quarter . 
`` They looked like ordinary vacationers at first , '' says Willy LLerena , owner of Travel Air Service in Monte Bello , Calif. , describing five men who entered his agency last June . 
Washington rejected the bid , saying the hostages were n't linked to other issues . 
Traders say that after a week of nervously tracking every development on Wall Street , the foreign-exchange market has settled back to catch its breath ahead of new U.S. economic data . 
Individuals eager for tax-free income drove up bond prices , making state and local government debt one of the best-performing types of fixed-income investments during the period . 
D&B defines a business failure as a company that closes with losses to creditors . 
J&L , whose principal offices are in Detroit , is a mail-order distributer of industrial tools and supplies . 
Joe Mack , a district manager for Cormack Enterprises Inc. , a Burger King operator in Omaha , Neb. , says discounting is so prevalent that `` we have to serve 15 % to 20 % more customers '' to keep sales level . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index jumped 0.7 % , or 3.35 , to 463.28 . 
But the steam may never reach the engine room . 
Too often , however , small investors are left with the same stale solutions that appealed to previous generations of fiduciary strategists . 
Even some House Banking Committee members could suffer from the fallout . 
The film producer , owned by Madrid-based financier Jacques Hachuel , received a 5 % stake in the Barcelona-based publishing group . 
Unisys Corp. received a $ 24.4 million Air Force contract for computer programming . 
That two successful producers who are n't all that well known outside Hollywood could occasion such a clash of corporate titans suggests how desperate the quest for proven talent is in the movie business . 
It is one of a series of studies on health commissioned by the New York Business Group , a non-profit organization with about 300 members . 
The experiment , applicable to many genetic disorders , involved beta-thalassemia , a severe blood anemia resulting from a missing hemoglobin gene . 
On a commercial scale , the sterilization of the pollen-producing male part has only been achieved in corn and sorghum feed grains . 
Four of the planes were purchased by International Lease from Singapore Airlines in a previously announced transaction . 
Finally , with Maxwell Communication , the company controls 54 % of Donohue Inc. , a Quebec City pulp and paper concern . 
But devices are there for the asking , whether in stores or through the mail . 
Next week 's report could very well show an increase in crude inventories . 
Bond prices fell after the Chicago report was released . 
Of his successes in Washington , Mr. Bennett stressed that existing federal prisons have taken custody of 375 local inmates . 
While all the numbers in the durable goods report were adjusted for seasonal fluctuations , a Commerce Department analyst said that the adjustment probably did n't factor out all of the wide-ranging surge in defense orders . 
The executives , who got $ 30.88 a share for the stock , showed good timing . 
Several of Wall Street 's largest securities firms , including Salomon Brothers Inc. and PaineWebber Inc. , were also large buyers , traders said . 
Globe columnist Mike Barnicle -- in the second attack on his employer in as many weeks -- averred that his shadowy countenance was so bad , it looked `` like a face you 'd find on a bottle of miracle elixir that promises to do away with diarrhea in our lifetime . '' 
Accordingly , the hidebound traditionalist reconstructed hypothetical organisms from the Burgess fossils in such a way that they could be shoehorned into familiar categories . 
And as for Tom Landry , well , in Mr. Jones 's mind , he had played out his winning years . 
Di Giorgio gained 1 to 30 3\/4 after the company said it is starting negotiations with unidentified parties interested in acquiring its units . 
Mr. Wall 's deputies complained that they had n't been given an opportunity to respond to the criticism brought out during the Banking Committee 's hearings , which Committee Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) has used as a forum to flay Mr. Wall 's handling of the affair and to demand that he step aside from his job . 
But industry officials expressed concern that the initial project might give Fujitsu an edge in winning more lucrative contracts later . 
The comptroller and auditor-general of India reports serious lapses in the government 's technical and financial evaluation of the Bofors deal . 
`` We feel we have the money necessary to handle the immediate , short-term requirements , '' Mr. Fitzwater said . 
And do n't expect anyone to change the term `` blue chip , '' either , even though some of the companies that still enjoy the title may be riskier investments than they were . 
According to some analysts familiar with the negotiations , the 10 % of equity would come directly from Donaldson Lufkin and a fund affiliated with the investment bank Blackstone Group , which would reduce their CNW equity holdings by 5 % each . 
A prospectus in India does n't always tell a potential investor much . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
The size of the company 's board has been reduced to eight directors from 13 . 
AEG AG and Siemens AG said they will launch their previously announced joint venture for power semiconductors in January . 
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday . 
But a few experts , going against the consensus , do n't think bonds would help investors even if a recession is in the offing . 
Now , Mr. Guzman Cabrera is facing accusations that he 's as much a company man as La Quina was a crook . 
And he said the weakness could continue in the first half of next year . 
It expects any impact on its business to be slight . 
At current levels of economic activity and earnings , stocks are fairly valued , she says . 
Warner denies such an agreement was made , and disputes the Guber-Peters version of virtually every telephone call and meeting the two sides had on the matter . 
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home . 
`` I said , ` NOW ? ' 
In other comments , he said takeovers may not always be the most efficient way of securing a change of corporate direction or strategy . 
Olin said its chemical segment had profit of $ 22 million , up from $ 15 million a year ago , largely because of gains in electrochemicals such as caustic soda . 
Devastation from Hurricane Hugo , which slammed into the Southeast coast in late September , diminished personal income by about $ 4 billion , the department said , but it called the effect on the roughly $ 5 trillion economy `` negligible . '' 
The average yield on threemonth jumbos rose to 8.00 % from 7.96 % , while the two-year average fell by the same amount to 7.89 % . 
An ancient red-figured Greek kylix , or drinking cup , was recovered backstage at Sotheby 's this spring and has been returned to the Manhattan couple who lost it in a burglary three years ago . 
For Mr. Tait , who says he used to earn as much as $ 150,000 a year at Wang , it was one more reason to quit . 
Although the company could see fourth-quarter revenue shrink by nearly $ 5 billion if it is n't able to deliver any more planes this year , those dollars actually would just be deferred until 1990 . 
`` It 's a Swiss-cheese factory and the cheese smells pretty good , '' commented one veteran lobbyist who was watching the proceedings . 
Airline Economics Inc. , an aviation consulting firm , is projecting an industrywide operating profit of $ 2.5 billion for 1989 , compared with earlier forecasts of $ 3 billion to $ 3.5 billion . 
It is now a commonplace that prosecutors are bringing criminal indictments in cases where until a few years ago only a civil action at most would have been brought . 
He 'll be there wherever there 's money to be made , laughs Mr. Kori , the secretary . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
SIERRA TUCSON Cos. said it completed its initial public offering of 2.5 million common shares , which raised $ 30 million . 
Mr. Bush is reserving the right in `` rare '' instances to keep Congress in the dark , asserting a constitutional prerogative the committee does n't recognize . 
He returned home last Thursday , packed a bag with fresh clothes and reported for duty Friday in Walnut Creek . 
In the fibers division , profit remains weak , largely because of persistent overcapacity . 
They plan to expand the home site by buying five adjoining acres for $ 200,000 , borrowed against a first mortgage on the five acres and also collateralized by the 15 acres . 
`` In these circumstances , I think they 'd win . '' 
American journalist William L. Shirer , in his book `` The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich , '' wrote of how in Vienna he had witnessed `` squads of { Nazi } SS men carting off silver , tapestries , paintings and other loot from the Rothschild palace . '' 
The county at the end of 1988 had 307,000 jobs , 95,400 of them in the tourist industry . 
Next to Kohlberg Kravis Roberts 's megabillion RJR Nabisco deal , SCI Television is small fry . 
But they wo n't necessarily eat at Denny 's . 
Rorer in July had projected lower third-quarter operating profit but higher profit for all of 1989 . 
But Norbert Braeuer , chief trader at Hessische Landesbank Girozentrale ( Helaba ) , said he expects share prices to move upward in the coming weeks . 
He shut down the company 's tony New York headquarters . 
Including those in the state programs , there were 143,800 Norwegians , or about 6.5 % of the work force , without permanent employment in October , up from September 's 136,800 . 
Quantum said it has agreed to purchase as much as $ 50 million in equity in the new company , if necessary , for the confirmation of the plan . 
The estimated gain for Brae is $ 15 million , including a tax credit of $ 7 million , the sellers said . 
Sir John Egan , Jaguar 's chairman , so far has refused to meet with Ford officials , but he is believed to be willing to consider a specific bid proposal . 
Mr. Terrizzi wo n't say specifically , explaining that if there was such a move , it would take about three days to complete the loose ends of the transaction . 
New experiments at some of the big national laboratories are still unable to find hints of nuclear fusion reactions , leaving only the finding of tritium in a Texas experiment to support University of Utah chemists ' claim of achieving hydrogen fusion at room temperatures . 
George Douglas , first vice president at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , says that individuals have a particular edge now in `` small to medium-size niche companies with exciting earnings prospects '' -- a traditional stomping ground for small investors . 
Such bonds , she says , are those that are nearing their call date . 
But the specialty-material segment slowed somewhat and consumer products continued below expectations . 
Colgate Palmolive Co. reported third-quarter net income rose 27 % , bolstered by strong sales in its Latin American business and surprisingly healthy profits from U.S. operations . 
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes . 
The other is that he 's an Oakland native , and lifted residents ' spirits by his visits to quake-hit areas last week . 
Figgie is a fire protection , electronics and industrial products concern . 
Mr. Tonkin , who has been feuding with the Big Three since he took office earlier this year , said that with half of the nation 's dealers losing money or breaking even , it was time for `` emergency action . '' 
Third-quarter revenue rose to $ 4.9 billion from $ 4.7 billion . 
The Spanish author Camilo Jose Cela won the Nobel Prize for literature yesterday , a surprising choice , but given the Swedish Academy 's past perversities , hardly the most undeserved and ridiculous accolade handed out by the awarding committee . 
The House action yesterday came as the Senate remained mired in difficulties over a $ 17.25 billion measure covering the budgets for the State , Commerce , and Justice departments in fiscal 1990 . 
During settlement talks , for example , Warner demanded such things as cable TV rights to Columbia movies and Columbia 's interest in the studio it jointly owns with Warner , according to executives involved in the talks . 
The reductions should be complete by the end of the year , a spokesman said , adding that the exact number to be cut has n't been determined . 
Other makers of video controller equipment also were caught in the EGA-VGA shift , he said , `` but we were able to respond much more quickly . '' 
Abandoning socialism means abandoning the East German state 's reason for existence , and with it the justification for its watchdogs and its Wall . 
East Germany 's Politburo met amid speculation that the ruling body would oust hard-line leader Honecker , whose rule has been challenged by mass emigration and calls for democratic freedoms . 
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said it awarded General Dynamics Corp. a $ 64 million contract to launch the Combined Release and Radiation Effects Satellite in June 1990 . 
The board of this Ponce , Puerto Rico concern voted to suspend payment of its quarterly of 11 cents a share for the third quarter . 
But they need not be to do their jobs well . 
Unless he closes the gap , Republicans risk losing not only the governorship but also the assembly next month . 
Last week , housing lobbies persuaded Congress to raise the ceiling to $ 124,875 , making FHA loans more accessible to the well-to-do . 
The Berkeley police do n't have any leads but doubt the crime was driven by a passion for sweets . 
Many groups are n't waiting that long . 
The places renowned for breeding bunco , like the Miami neighborhood known as the `` Maggot Mile '' and Las Vegas 's flashy strip of casinos , invariably offer fast cars , high rollers , glamorous women and lots of sunshine . 
A company spokesman , reached at his home last night , would only say that there will be a public announcement of the reduction program by the end of the week . 
On top of all this , corn and soybean prices rose on reports that the Midwest harvest was disrupted by a freakishly early snow storm that dumped several inches in parts of Indiana and Ohio . 
Of the four , only the bank and the plant drew bids -- one apiece . 
Randy Delchamps was named chairman and chief executive officer of this grocery chain . 
Sony and the Guber-Peters team are hanging much of their case on Warner 's willingness last year to release the producers from another contract and on an oral agreement they say allowed them to terminate the current written contract if the opportunity to run a major studio came up . 
Already , many of the Big Board 's own floor traders are warning that the ESP baskets are risky and not in the best interests of the investing public . 
The action increases the annual dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.08 . 
But Dale Irvine , director of the emergency center , said service was being restored to outlying San Francisco areas . 
I know when dividends are due ; When bonds should be retired ; But what gets by me every time Is has the milk expired ? 
-- Mayor Art Agnos stands in the glare of television lights trying to explain for the 20th time why the city is severely restricting access to badly damaged structures . 
The new `` social choice '' fund will shun securities of companies linked to South Africa , nuclear power and in some cases , Northern Ireland . 
The topic that attracted participants ' attention was Mitsubishi Estate 's purchase of 51 % of Rockefeller Center Properties , announced late Monday in New York . 
The cross-border loan portfolio reflected `` adjustment problems and episodic payment patterns , '' the bank said no interest payments from Argentina in the nine months and none from Brazil in the third quarter , while Venezuela brought itself `` substantially current . '' 
The # 76.6 million ( $ 120.6 million ) in pretax profit for the 12 months to June 30 was down from # 160 million ( $ 252 million ) a year earlier and below market expectations of # 80 million and # 90 million . 
Weisfield 's surged 14 to 53 after agreeing in principle to be acquired by a unit of Ratners Group for $ 50 a share . 
We must not shirk our responsibility and we can not just blame the demonstrators . '' 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Union Pacific jumped $ 1.375 to $ 75 a share . 
`` We need to have somebody worried so they do n't do this again . '' 
In an age of specialization , the federal judiciary is one of the last bastions of the generalist . 
But according to Doug Madison , a corporate trader with Bank of America in Los Angeles , a large number of short positions must first be corrected , spurring a temporary upswing , before the unit can turn lower . 
Industry executives and analysts are divided on whether Mr. Phillips is up to the task . 
Major shippers say they expect freight rates to rise at least as fast as inflation and maybe faster in the next few years . 
Bond mutual funds offer diversification and are easy to buy and sell . 
But in 1935 , when Congress was trying to find someone or something to blame for the Great Depression , it decided to drop both the secretary and the comptroller from the board . 
These factors are further complicated by the airline 's push to transform itself from a regional carrier to an international one , Ms. Hall says . 
Winnebago was hit especially hard in the latest downturn because unit sales in its bread-and-butter motor home business tumbled 25 % industrywide in August , and 10.4 % in the first eight months of the year . 
Officials at the University of Virginia Art Museum certainly would agree . 
Since stock market indexes plummeted last Friday , participants in all markets have been wary . 
In the new-issue market for junk securities , underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc. are expected to price today a $ 350 million junk bond offering by Beatrice Co. . 
Although the third quarter was the best so far this year for non-residential building , weakness early in the year held the nine-month total to $ 69.6 billion , up just 1 % from a year earlier . 
Though not intentionally , the Cowboys ' Mr. Jones has come to represent this new breed of owner . 
Taken together , the worries prompted a broad sell-off of stocks . 
No one around me was saying anything . 
Bush conceded that the requirement did n't affect a decision to lend only minor support to this month 's failed effort to oust Panama 's Noriega , aides said . 
-- Per capita income of blacks , though still only 60 % that of whites , rose 3.9 % in 1988 , while per capita income of whites rose only 1.5 % . 
U.S. Memories is seeking major investors to back its attempt to crack the $ 10 billion market for dynamic random access memory chips , a market dominated by the Japanese . 
It was priced at a spread of 55 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
Eagle also said it received a commitment for as much as $ 8 million in financing from Norfolk Capital Group Inc . 
Paris loved her at first sight . 
One factor helping sales and earnings was a 3 % price rise for most P&G products , except coffee , analysts said . 
It was a heady experience for the pockmarked and slightly built Mr. Noriega , who was known to his friends as Cara la Pina -- pineapple face . 
Las Vegas promises , or threatens , to become a giant carnival , with rooms to be had for $ 45 a day or less , for visitors uninspired solely by gambling . 
But the actual head count of non-farm employment payroll jobs is likely to be muddied by the impact of Hurricane Hugo , strikes , and less-than-perfect seasonal adjustments , economists said . 
Sales rose to $ 2.45 billion from $ 2.2 billion . 
The Anglo-French financier has indicated he intends to bid again for B.A.T if he receives approval . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 2 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 69 days ; 8.40 % 70 to 89 days ; 8.20 % 90 to 119 days ; 8.05 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.90 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Investors in the over-the-counter market dumped banking and insurance issues , sending the Nasdaq composite index lower for the third consecutive session . 
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill . 
Profit after taxes and minority interests increased 16 % to # 55.2 million from # 47.6 million in the year-earlier period , while earnings per share rose 16 % to 27.9 pence ( 44 cents ) from 24.1 pence ( 38 cents ) . 
`` The capriciousness would completely disrupt our operations , '' says Ernesto Vega Velasco , Desc 's finance director . 
Indeed , the OTS said that before the law took effect Aug. 9 , it banned another `` key Vision Banc insider '' from insured financial institutions . 
One color photo displays a rainbow of dress shirts tied in a knot ; another picture shows neckties with bold designs . 
But Superfund also contains a criminal provision concerning the release of toxic substances into the environment . 
In recent years , unions and community groups have won big commitments from banks to make low-interest loans in certain neighborhoods by threatening to hold up proposed acquisitions with protests to the Fed about reinvestment act compliance . 
A spokeswoman for GE in Fairfield , Conn. , said , `` Absolutely no one spoke to Jack Welch on this subject '' and added , `` Anyone who claims they talked to Jack Welch is n't telling the truth . '' 
Still , Mr. Johnson said , `` our stock is grossly undervalued . '' 
In contrast , he says , `` The stock market gained back only about half what it lost Friday , and the { government } bond market lost about half what it gained Friday . '' 
Even the courts are beginning to recognize the link between jobs and stress-related disorders in compensation cases , according to a survey by the National Council on Compensation Insurance . 
Older people help profits by filling in `` downtime . '' 
The Sidley-Ashurst venture will also be staffed by another Sidley partner specializing in corporate law , a partner from Ashurst concentrating on acquisitions and a Japanese attorney . 
Charles Schellke , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , said some investors apparently expected slightly better revenue growth . 
The 1988 results included a one-time gain . 
Many investors blame program trading for wild swings in the stock market , including the 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Oct. 13 . 
Commission income from domestic stock and bond sales accounts form a large portion of Japanese securities companies ' earnings . 
On the suit by the limited partners , he says he is considering a defamation suit against the plaintiffs . 
The leveraged buy-out firm of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , which owns 46 % of the common equity of SCI TV , indicated in the debt plan that it would reduce its equity stake to 15 % , giving the rest of its stake to bondholders in the restructuring . 
CORPORATE security directors increasingly worry that merger mania spawns a rise in employee dishonesty . 
But only bridges supported with single rows of columns were top priority , and the Nimitz Freeway , supported by double rows , was left out , Mr. Drago explained . 
One South Bronx principal kept his job for 16 years , despite a serious drinking problem and rarely showing up for work . 
The biggest flurry of investor activity came early in the day . 
The latter are modish , trendy , often downright silly , and at best insubstantial . 
Those `` people '' to whom I refer are not some heroic , indecipherable quantity ; they are artists , critics , taxi drivers , grandmothers , even some employees of the Ministry of Culture , all of whom share a deep belief in the original principles of the Cuban Revolution , spelled out in terms such as equality among all members of the society , reverence for education and creative expression , universal rights to health and livelihood , housing , etc . 
Given China 's far-from-conciliatory statements to its own people , Mr. Bush may be unable to prevent new sanctions . 
Politrick 
A group including ESL Partners Ltd. , a Fort Worth , Texas , investment partnership , and Richard E. Rainwater , a former adviser to the Fort Worth Bass family , said it reduced its stake in Anacomp Inc. to 3.6 % of the common shares outstanding . 
That trend , and Wells Fargo 's heavy exposure to leveraged buy-outs , are about the only worries analysts have about Wells Fargo 's financial picture . 
Mr. Asman is also annoyed that Mr. Castro has resisted collaboration with U.S. officials , even though by his own account that collaboration has been devised essentially as a mechanism for acts directly hostile to the Cuban regime , such as facilitating defections . 
