In Hollywood , an average family can gain cachet from moving into a home vacated by the famous or near famous . 
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure . 
To hamper the work of litigation scientists , he suggests that courts sharply limit the number of jurors that lawyers can remove from the jury panel through so-called peremptory challenges -- exclusions that do n't require explanations . 
`` It 's very important that we exude confidence , even though within the family we know there 's a lot of hard work ahead , '' said Richard Miller , the Lowell , Mass. , computer concern 's new president , in a video message to salespeople a month after he took over . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Michael J.C. Roth , USAA executive vice president , called program trading `` mindless . '' 
For holders who decide not to tender their shares , Sea Containers will issue one share of preferred stock with a stated value of $ 25 , plus a cash dividend on the common stock . 
Oleg A. Grinevsky , the chief Soviet negotiator in the conventional-arms talks , argued that this would mean the Soviets would have to destroy some 1,800 tanks , while the U.S. would lose none because it has no light tanks in Europe . 
Plain-vanilla funds have become so commonplace that fees they can charge have plunged to almost nothing , and in some cases are just that . 
Asian portion of $ 100 million via Yamatane Securities Europe Ltd . 
When he sent letters offering 1,250 retired major leaguers the chance of another season , 730 responded . 
However , director Thomas O'Rourke has said he wo n't seek re-election at the company 's annual meeting next month . 
There is a fundamental conflict between providing a subsidy and maintaining the integrity of a credit program . 
( The official asked not to be named . ) 
The Tax Court is n't expected to rule before early next year . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Ferro closed at $ 25.25 , down 50 cents . 
By providing workers with the opportunity to move into the private sector where wages tend to be higher , and by holding out the promise of more consumer goods , Mr. Gorbachev hopes to revive the popularity of the party . 
When it comes to investing , trying to weigh risk and reward can seem like throwing darts blindfolded : Investors do n't know the actual returns that securities will deliver , or the ups and downs that will occur along the way . 
As word of the crime spree has spread , many agents have started changing their open-door policies . 
Having a proposal sponsored by Democrats would have given the president an advantage . 
It 's the most stunning example of Las Vegas 's concerted effort to transform itself into a world-famous vacation resort for families as well as gamblers . 
Daiwa said its pretax profits surged 9.6 % to 171.04 billion yen from 156.12 billion yen in the preceding six-month term . 
Integrated has been struggling to avoid a bankruptcy-law filing since June , when it failed to make interest payments on nearly $ 1 billion of debt . 
Since then , the government has left observers wondering if it ever meant to join . 
Sierra Tucson Cos. , a Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers , has a planned doubling of capacity riding on an IPO scheduled for next week . 
`` Sometimes , '' he says , `` we 'll pull someone off the phones for more training . '' 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 19.93 billion from $ 17.73 billion . 
Tax-loss sellers , those investors who sell loss-making stocks so they can deduct their losses from this year 's income , are also getting out , Mr. Mills said . 
The field is currently being developed and is slated to start production by the end of the year . 
The British conglomerate , planning its own defensive restructuring to fight off a # 13.35 billion ( $ 21.03 billion ) takeover bid by Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith , intends to press ahead with an extraordinary shareholder vote today to clear the way for its value-boosting measures . 
Estimates of damage in the area , visited Friday by Bush , topped $ 5 billion . 
The Direct Selling Association , a trade group , points out that its members , which include Amway Corp. , cooperate with the IRS to distribute tax-compliance material to sales people and are helping to prepare a public-service television program on the subject . 
For the first six months , the trust and corporation had a net loss of $ 244,000 . 
Sen. Cohen said the relationship has reverted to its pre-Reagan character . 
In an interview with the Washington Post in early October , the secretary said the Fed may be slightly more interested in curbing inflation than the administration is , while the administration may put slightly more emphasis on spurring economic growth . 
Volume for the entire month of September totaled only 21,687 contracts , compared with a daily average of 27,000 in the month before the 1987 crash . 
The award exercises a Navy option to extend a contract given in 1984 . 
I 've seen a great many moviestar film portraits , and this one is outstanding . 
For three years , a healthy economy and the export-boosting effects of a weak dollar propelled sales and earnings of the big paper companies to record levels . 
The smoking prohibition remains attached to a $ 27.1 billion transportation bill that must still overcome budget obstacles in Congress . 
He made his comments before House Banking Committee hearings to investigate what appears to be the biggest thrift disaster in a scandal-ridden industry . 
The urgency is heightened because this week 's earthquake -- while major and followed by hundreds of aftershocks -- did n't release enough pent-up energy tension along the faultlines to preclude more and bigger quakes soon . 
`` As a result of your ultimatum , '' writes the Wisconsin Democrat , `` I guess there is no longer any point in taking administration views into account on other items in conference , inasmuch regardless of their resolution you apparently intend to veto this bill . 
Since then , the bank has strengthened its Italian network , and has posted strong results . 
Blockbuster shares closed yesterday at $ 18.75 , down $ 1.125 , in New York Stock Exchange trading . 
He succeeds Roger Kimmel , who resigned last week saying his participation in evaluating the company 's role in buying MGM\/UA Communications Co. was no longer necessary . 
Allan Meltzer , a Carnegie-Mellon University economist , noted that the Fed 's record included the longest , most sustained , peacetime inflation in our history , dating from either 1966 or 1967 to 1989 . 
However , the maximum coupon rate on the issue when it is reset can only be 15.5 % . 
British life insurer London & General , which firmed 2 pence to 356 pence ( $ 5.70 ) , and composite insurer Royal Insurance , which finished 13 lower at 475 , were featured in the talk . 
Their factories may look like sets for a Spielberg movie , but their offices , with rows of clerks hunched over ledgers and abacuses , are more like scenes from a Dickens novel . 
Several Big Board firms are organizing to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it . 
It ended at about 8 11\/16 % yesterday , but was as low as 8 1\/2 % Monday . 
While Wells Rich recently picked up Hertz Corp. 's $ 25 million to $ 30 million account , it has lost a number of big accounts this year , including the $ 20 million to $ 25 million Cadbury-Schweppes Canada Dry and Sunkist accounts , the $ 18 million Procter & Gamble Co . Sure deodorant account and the $ 10 million Polo\/Ralph Lauren business . 
In a chilly conference room at Alliance Capital Management in Minneapolis , in contrast , the firm 's money managers seem ready to pin Mr. Straszheim to the wall . 
The group 's bid for $ 40.9 million of wastewater treatment insured bonds , Series 1989 A , produced a 7.0826 % true interest cost . 
The loss is a setback to IBM , which pointed to the Kodak contract as an example of its success in systems integration . 
Cane & Associates touts its $ 2-a-minute service as the `` cheapest legal hour you 'll ever find . '' 
`` He 's not a reformer -- he wants to have the image of a reformer . '' 
Steve Jobs took a step back from the frontier of personal-computer technology in an effort to spur sales of Next Inc. 's new machine . 
The exchanges contend that dual trading improves liquidity in the markets because traders can buy or sell even when they do n't have a customer order in hand . 
To further complicate relief efforts , the privately funded American Red Cross also finds itself strapped for funds after its big Hugo operation . 
Courtaulds ' restructuring is among the largest thus far in Britain , though it is dwarfed by B.A.T Industries PLC 's plans to spin off roughly # 4 billion in assets to help fend off a takeover bid from Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith . 
Cable & Wireless benefited from a market squeeze , bouncing 13 to 498 in moderately active volume . 
Gives me the willies just thinking about it . 
The Soviet owners will be Mossoviet , Moscow 's city governing body , and Aeroflot , the Soviet national airline . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , Santa Fe Pacific closed at $ 20.625 , down 25 cents . 
Dennis O'Brien , the treasurer of Commonwealth Edison Co. in Chicago , adopts a polite approach , waiting for an opportunity to ask about the forecast . 
Indeed , the gap is so large that Mr. Allen 's critics refuse to engage the debate . 
The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the banks and thrifts whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on T-bills or from banks and thrifts directly . 
Pachinko , a kind of pinball , is Japan 's favorite form of legal gambling . 
`` The conventional wisdom used to be that you could n't modify the immune response of an infected individual '' by innoculating them with synthetic viral proteins , Dr. Redfield said . 
The Freind legislation -- the state 's House Judiciary Committee approved it in Harrisburg this week and the full Pennsylvania House is expected to take up the bill next Tuesday -- includes a provision to ban abortions after 24 weeks of pregnancy , except to avert the death of the mother . 
People will say that the nation and the government have other objectives , in addition to stabilizing the price level , which is true . 
Throughout the 1970s and early 1980s spokesmen for both the Unification Church and its opponents in the anticult movement gave wildly exaggerated membership figures . 
Shares of Varian , which last month warned there would be a fourth-quarter plunge , closed at $ 22.75 , down 62.5 cents in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Compaq Computer soared 4 5\/8 to 111 1\/8 on 1.8 million shares in response to the company 's announcement of plans to introduce several products next month . 
`` It was a mixed bag , '' said Richard Bruno , who heads over-the-counter trading at PaineWebber . 
Discussing the recent slide in stock prices , the central bank governor stated that `` the markets now appear to have steadied '' after the `` nasty jolt '' of the 190.58-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average a week ago . 
A joint venture involving units of Innopac and Mobil Corp. earlier this year opened the first U.S. polystyrene recycling plant , in Leominster , Mass . 
Andy Zipser in Dallas contributed to this article . 
The inflation-growth argument is an old one , but Mr. Brady , on the board or off , is surely trying to influence Fed policy . 
`` I understand the firm 's enthusiasm in getting the deal , but such a large company would have been better off showing a little more discretion . '' 
Colgate 's results were at the high end of the range of analysts ' forecasts . 
Although one transportation official said drivers who did n't use car pools were committing `` an anti-social act , '' about two-thirds of the motorists crossing the Golden Gate were alone , compared with the normal 70 % rate . 
`` People in the stock market were very much Thatcher 's children -- very young and wealthy optimists . 
Both returns do n't include any tax credits . 
One of the hottest tickets on Washington 's social calendar this fall was a charity benefit honoring former Congressman Tony Coelho , who landed a million-dollar job on Wall Street after resigning over a controversial junk-bond investment last summer . 
Per capita income rose 1.7 % to $ 13,120 , but median family income fell 0.2 % . 
`` And we do n't have internal controls and discipline that we need to have to spend $ 5 billion properly . '' 
Star States plunged 3 1\/4 to 8 3\/4 on 207,000 shares . 
GM 's Cadillac division , ignoring Detroit 's long-held maxim that safety does n't sell , is airing television commercials touting its cars ' safety features . 
Nihon Keizai Shimbun , Japan 's leading economic newspaper , reported Wednesday that Tokyu Department Store Co. is planning to team up with U.S. and Western European financing to buy the New York-based retail chain , which Campeau has put up for sale . 
An FDA spokesperson said the drugs are still available under other brand names . 
The string of big junk bond defaults , which have been a major cause of the market 's problems this year , probably will persist , some analysts say . 
No phones . 
`` Hostile and even friendly nations routinely steal information from U.S. companies and share it with their own companies , '' said Noel D. Matchett , a former staffer at the federal National Security Agency and now president of Information Security Inc. , Silver Spring , Md . 
Shoppers , many of whom operate small businesses , pay annual membership fees , which provide an income base for the stores . 
The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit , including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions . 
The funds received from pharmaceutical firms are used to offset physician symposiums , and these symposiums do not stress any particular medication or manufacturer . 
`` The transit system is how people are going to be getting around . '' 
McCaw said the three independent directors provided for in the offer would be designated by the current board . 
The network deals a lot with unknowns , including Scott Wentworth , who portrayed Mr. Anderson , and Bill Alton as Father Jenco , but the network has some big names to contend with , too . 
`` California prices were already coming down . 
But there are ample rewards in its plaintive slow sections and virtuoso fireworks for soloist , brass and timpani . 
Last week CBS Inc. canceled `` The People Next Door . '' 
The Citizens Coalition for Economic Justice , a public-interest group leading the charge for radical reform , wants restrictions on landholdings , high taxation of capital gains , and drastic revamping of the value-assessment system on which property taxes are based . 
Mr. Hoelzer , however , sued Stamford , claiming that the city had abandoned the artwork and that it had waited too long to reclaim it . 
The media , she says , have distorted his personal life . 
These are long-term Richter readings on American capitalism . 
Worse , it lagged behind competitors in offering now-standard gimmicks , from regional editions to discounts for frequent advertisers . 
Experience has shown that the most important element in predicting a housing-loan default is the down payment . 
Marc Schulman , with UBS Securities in New York , dropped his estimate of DEC 's full-year net to $ 6.80 a share from $ 8 . 
Such an offer could torpedo a plan by Lion Nathan Ltd. of New Zealand to acquire half the brewing interests . 
Sales rose 5.2 % to $ 2.04 billion from $ 1.94 billion the previous year . 
`` This is a dynamic process and we 're experiencing the first step , '' the Bonn official adds . 
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke . 
Genetic Defect Spotted In 3-Day-Old Embryo 
And more recently , he insisted on signing a five-nation agreement intended to disarm Nicaragua 's U.S.-backed Contra rebels faster than the Bush administration would prefer . 
Aussedat Rey is a leading French maker of copying and electronic printing paper . 
Despite sudden changes in the strategic equation , some Western European leaders , especially British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , remain skeptical about European political and economic unity , and are unlikely to let East-West concerns change their minds . 
`` Rather than sell 39-cents-a-pound Delicious , maybe we can sell 79-cents-a-pound Fujis , '' says Chuck Tryon , perishables director for Super Valu Inc. , a Minneapolis supermarket chain and food distributor . 
He will be in charge of research , equity sales and trading , and the syndicate operation of Rothschild . 
But he also pointed out that the recalls will have no impact on GE 's engine production . 
`` Their approach did n't work ; mine is . 
Integrated made its announcement after the market closed . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8485 marks , down from 1.8667 marks late Tuesday , and at 141.45 yen , down from 142.75 yen late Tuesday . 
`` You want to know how a fund did when the market got hammered , '' said Kurt Brouwer , an investment adviser with Brouwer & Janachowski in San Francisco . 
But less than two years later , the LDP started to crumble , and dissent rose to unprecedented heights . 
Unable to persuade the manager to change his decision , he went to a `` company court '' for a hearing . 
When Lincoln was seized by the government , for example , 15 % of its loans , or $ 250 million , were to borrowers who were buying real estate from one of American Continental 's 50 other subsidiaries , according to Mr. Seidman . 
Following the consolidation , the entertainment company , which has film and television operations in Beverly Hills , Calif. , will have about 4.1 million shares outstanding . 
Smaller chains and single-store operators will be the first to fail , many in the industry predict . 
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 . 
`` We have no further developments to report , '' he said . 
Led by its oat-based Cheerios line , General Mills has gained an estimated 2 % share so far this year , mostly at the expense of Kellogg . 
The chain currently has 90 retail outlets in Japan , seven in the U.S. , three in Hong Kong and a dozen more scattered around the globe . 
The new contract also eliminates the $ 15 monthly coupon , good only at union-owned grocery stores , that was part of the salary of every worker , from roughneck to chief executive . 
The other two props -- earnings and the economic outlook -- are troubling , too . 
But Sony is a problem . '' 
One key for salespeople is to boost their own morale . 
Interest in the abortion issue is so great that the Hotline , a daily , computer-distributed political newsletter , comes up with a spinoff product called the Abortion Report dealing solely with its political implications . 
Separately , Moody 's Investors Service Inc. downgraded the ratings of American Medical 's senior and subordinated debt issues and those of its international affiliate . 
Lisa Zeidner 's third novel , `` Limited Partnerships '' ( North Point Press , 256 pages , $ 18.95 ) is a stylish , funny and thoughtful look at the way love relationships are affected by the pressures of money , or , more specifically , the lack of it . 
U.S. companies account for less than 8 % of the 1,000 or more Soviet joint ventures that have been announced since the Soviets began encouraging such undertakings in 1987 . 
That offer was endorsed by the shareholders committee . 
`` The probability of converting a non-user to your brand is about three in 1,000 , '' says Tony Adams , the company 's vice president for marketing research . 
THE SUPREME COURT ruling upholding Missouri 's restrictive abortion law was Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services . 
Besides that , some of the paintings that were to grace the walls of CenTrust actually ended up hanging in the chairman 's estate on La Gorce Isle off Miami Beach . 
Skiing , after all , has mainly been for the young and daring and many baby boomers have outgrown skiing or have too many family responsibilities to stick with the sport . 
The politician appearing is highly controversial and has recently generated a good deal of rancor amid certain groups . 
But analysts caution an expected fall in metal prices next year could slow profit growth . 
Seagram asks customers to buy only two or three bottles over a 12-month period , says Richard Shaw , vice president of U.S. direct marketing . 
Last week , Budget Director Richard Darman structured the $ 16.1 billion spending reduction , half of which must come from defense , to `` impose a little bit more discipline '' by applying cuts to each individual program , project or activity in the budget . 
But the savings will be minuscule . 
The year-ago quarter 's results were crimped by expenses associated with Spiegel 's $ 260 million acquisition of catalog-clothing-merchandiser Eddie Bauer , Spiegel noted . 
I ca n't even say I made my own mistakes . 
David Shaffer was named to the new post of executive vice president of the Maxwell Macmillan group of this communications giant . 
Once she did so , the big-souled German maestro with the shaky nerves who so often cancels offered a limpid , flowing performance that in its unswagged and unswaggering approach was totally at odds with the staging . 
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 . 
Du Pont also raised its quarterly dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.05 , a change that will increase the annualized payout to shareholders by some $ 140 million . 
Digital Equipment Corp. , Tandem Computers Inc. , NEC Corp. and Group Bull , among others , have similar arrangements with MIPs , based in Sunnyvale , Calif . 
It is easy to fight when you do n't have any other option . '' 
Eventually , Texaco , which was forced into bankruptcy proceedings by that litigation , settled its fight with Pennzoil for $ 3 billion in 1986 . 
GOLF HAS BECOME the latest diversion for travelers stuck at some airports . 
Over the past decade , competitors have chipped away at the exchange 's share of the # 2.5 billion marine market in London , where half the world 's ships are insured . 
Among California savings-and-loan stocks , H.F. Ahmanson eased 3\/8 to 22 1\/4 , CalFed slid 3\/4 to 24 1\/8 , Great Western Financial dropped 1\/2 to 21 1\/4 and Golden West Financial fell 5\/8 to 29 1\/4 . 
`` There 's a lot of uncertainty out there , and it will cause a lot of swings , '' he said . 
The deal by the Ford Motor Co. unit , priced Monday , was increased to $ 3.05 billion from $ 2.58 billion . 
It suggests that households accumulate wealth across a broad spectrum of assets . 
Moreover , the earnings were well below analysts ' expectations of about $ 1.16 a share . 
Five minutes before the Big Board opened , a preliminary price was flashed for UAL -- somewhere between 135 and 155 , a loss of as much as $ 43 a share from Monday 's close . 
Mr. Rahn was shocked , telephoning the office of Richard Darman , director of the Office of Management and Budget , and the administration 's chief strategist on this issue . 
But , they caution , conservative investors would do well to sell into the strength . 
The government defines excessive profits as those above the average realized for other similar-sized properties in an area . 
The White House and the Democratic leadership in Congress blame each other for turning capital-gains taxes into such a divisive issue this year . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled more than 60 points after the report 's release , before recovering to close 18.65 points lower at 2638.73 . 
Park Tower General Counsel Matthew Mayer said the development team will have to review two additional lawsuits before putting up a $ 155 million letter of credit to cover condemnation costs . 
`` It 's become a day-by-day business , '' he says . 
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday . 
Hoping to avoid another takeover , Mr. Traub retained Blackstone Group and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. to help him find partners for a management-led buy-out . 
So the senators must brace themselves . 
The December contract opened just under Monday 's close , triggered some previously placed buy orders just above $ 1,030 a metric ton , pushing the price to $ 1,040 , and then encountered heavy selling by traders who buy and sell for their own accounts and by commercial interests . 
B.A.T has declined to identify the potential bidders . 
According to Securities and Exchange Commission rules , McCaw is required to keep its offer for the cellular-phone and broadcasting concern open for at least five business days after the announcement of the financing , LIN said . 
Seagram 's gin is the world 's No. 2 gin brand , but the company does n't own any of the major gin brands imported in the U.S. . 
Adjusters who had been working on the East Coast say the insurer will still be processing claims from that storm through December . 
The Merc received considerable criticism in 1987 when it was discovered that its compliance director , Kevin P. Conway , who then was responsible for policing the exchange 's busy oil and metal pits , `` was engaged in other personal business activities on Exchange time , '' including out-of-state trips , according to a New York Merc report prepared last year . 
So he splashed the information on handbills that he distributed throughout the banana-exporting city of Puerto Armuelles , which was ruled by United Fruit Co . 
His meals are most often prepared by women he trusts -- his full-time mistress , Vicky Amado , and her mother , Norma . 
Chicagoans have just elected 540 neophyte school boards , one for each school . 
He will succeed Arthur E. Himebaugh as general manager Feb. 1 , when Mr. Himebaugh retires . 
The key steps advocated include : -- PROPERTY . 
He speaks only in Filipino . 
The index was 178.5 in August and is based on 1980 equaling 100 . 
The result is mistrust and criticism from all around . 
The State Department says that any Khmer Rouge participation would have to be `` minimal . '' 
Tuesday , October 24 , 1989 
ADIA SERVICES INC. , Menlo Park , temporary personnel agency , annual sales of $ 504 million , OTC , said all 30 offices in Bay area were working , but in various states of disarray . 
Margin rules determine the minimum amount of cash an investor must put up when buying a security . 
Tokuyama Soda Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of Eurobonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par , via Nomura International Ltd . 
The Pentagon 's recently issued `` Soviet Military Power , '' though in general adopting a softer line , repeated the Sverdlovsk assessment . 
`` I assume those accounts are closed , '' says Mr. Smalling , referring to the accounts of the canceled checks . 
Not everybody agrees that it 's time to trim . 
Mr. Breeden 's selection will be scrutinized as an important signal about the strength of his commitment to continuing the SEC 's high-profile pursuit of insider trading and market manipulation on Wall Street . 
A dozen white office workers fold newsletters and stuff them into envelopes . 
The two-story roadway , designed in the mid-1940s and completed in 1957 , was supported by columns that apparently lacked the kind of steel reinforcement used in highways today . 
Almost one million shares of Sun Microsystems changed hands , but the issue was unchanged at 17 3\/4 . 
Among possible buyers , Grand Metropolitan PLC might find Beefeater a useful addition to its portfolio . 
The swift passage of the bill , which cleared the Senate and House on simple voice votes last week , contrasts with the problems still facing a more cumbersome $ 66.8 billion measure funding housing , environmental , space and veterans programs . 
`` Size does n't matter , '' Mr. Peladeau says . 
The restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will involve the transfer and layoff of employees in U.S. operations to reduce costs and focus efforts in other areas . 
That acquisition could further dilute earnings per share this year , the company spokeswoman said . 
HealthVest said two of its lenders have given it notices of default on bank loans and said they may take actions to recover their loans . 
A new experiment , reported in this week 's New England Journal of Medicine , involved giving injections of Amgen 's EPO to 23 patients who wanted to store units of their own blood . 
The Japanese industrialist has coughed up at least $ 2 million , the Japanese government has put up just about as much , or so it is reported and at least one estimate puts the total tab at $ 7 million . 
The Treasury said it wo n't be able to honor reinvestment requests from holders of bills maturing Nov. 2 held in the Treasury 's book-entry system . 
The devices ' most remarkable possibilities , though , involve the brain . 
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51-cash management bills yesterday . 
IBM is gaining momentum in the personal-computer market , and is expected to introduce some impressive workstations early next year . 
Moreover , state officials are urging freight haulers to bypass many of the area 's main highways and to travel late at night or during predawn hours . 
At the GM stall , they barely looked at a gleaming Cadillac , preferring to talk about cooperation possibilities . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : Sales : $ 2.06 billions Net loss : $ 1.30 billion \* 
The consumer-products and light-industrial sectors are bearing the brunt of China 's austerity measures , and foreign companies such as Givaudan that deal with those industries are being hit the hardest . 
Werner K. Rey believes fortunes are made by being friendly . 
GM said the assembly plant , which builds the Chevrolet Corsica and Beretta compact cars , originally was scheduled to reopen Monday but now will not resume production until Oct. 30 . 
Dictaphone went ahead and introduced the pico in 1985 , but it has n't sold well . 
Safety authorities did n't immediately know the cause of the blasts . 
He 's a rare Democratic hawk . 
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . '' 
About 25 adjusters were dispatched yesterday afternoon , along with laptop computers , cellular phones and blank checks . 
The most common conflict involves compensation . 
When bank financing for the buy-out collapsed last week , so did UAL 's stock . 
It should be noted that Mr. Schwartz , who operates out of Englewood , Colo. , is a puckish sort who likes to give his colleagues the needle . 
`` The U.S. government could be , in effect , subsidizing political contributions to corporate PACs , '' he says . 
The Sunset { District } was more or less like a pajama party all evening , lots of people & dogs walking around , drinking beer . 
That information , he argued , is critical to reconstructing sharp market moves , such as the one nearly two weeks ago . 
Ramada gained 7\/8 to 11 1\/4 after revamping the terms of its restructuring plan , which calls for the company to sell its hotel operations for $ 540 million and spin off its casino business to shareholders . 
The state 's opposition to the use of dispersants , Exxon says , caused the Coast Guard `` to delay granting permission . '' 
Net income at Sears 's merchandise group , which includes international and credit card operations , as well as U.S. stores , fell 25 % . 
He expects Citicorp to take a similar step this year . 
At 13,000 feet , the engines restarted . 
Under the super-majority amendment , certain mergers and other transactions would require approval of holders of 80 % of the company 's common shares outstanding . 
The telecommunications , specialty glass , ceramic products and laboratory-services concern said the latest quarter included a tax-loss carry-forward of $ 600,000 . 
Amusing as she is , and frivolous as she can seem , this is a serious person with some difficult memories . 
In addition , they fear that banks have been overeager to issue cards to the public -- giving cards to too many big spenders who will default during a recession . 
GREAT NORTHERN NEKOOSA is being sought by another big paper company , Georgia-Pacific , for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion . 
-- Ralph Shaffer . 
That 's because the cost of buying put options eats into an investor 's profit when stock prices rise . 
The Treasury 's report , which is required annually by a provision of the 1988 trade act , again took South Korea to task for its exchange-rate policies . 
Early last year , after a 140-point , one-day drop in the Dow , the Big Board instituted the collar , which banned program trading through the Big Board 's computers whenever the Dow moved 50 points up or down in a day . 
Robert M. Gintel , senior partner of a Greenwich , Conn. , investment firm , said he plans to launch a proxy fight against the board of Boston-based Xtra Corp . 
One of the commission 's recommendations was that a single agency , probably the Federal Reserve , should coordinate regulation of all financial markets . 
In the Lilly case , the appeals court broadly construed a federal statute to grant Medtronic , a medical device manufacturer , an exemption to infringe a patent under certain circumstances . 
United Technologies Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 500 million unsubordinated non-convertible unsecured debt securities . 
It 's a flimsy structure , built up on supports , and it was really rocking around . 
But so far , most potential participants have n't decided . 
But to Ms. Allen , the employee whose back problem triggered a huge insurance-rate increase , the issue was simple . 
The issue arose last week when Vice President Dan Quayle told an audience in Chicago that Mr. Bush was looking for a test case . 
Caltrans today uses a variation of the design Mr. Parker describes , with spiraling steel rods inside . 
European Community employers fear that the EC Commission 's plans for a `` charter of fundamental social rights '' is a danger to industrial competitiveness . 
With the stock market wobbly and dollar buyers discouraged by signs of U.S. economic weakness and the recent decline in U.S. interest rates that has diminished the attractiveness of dollar-denominated investments , traders say the dollar is still in a precarious position . 
Foothills Pipe Lines Ltd. filed an application with Canadian regulators to build a 4.4 billion Canadian dollar ( US$ 3.74 billion ) pipeline to transport natural gas from Canada 's Arctic to U.S. markets beginning in 
Down by the stream , a group of Orange Workers puts the finishing touches on a golf course . 
The Dearborn , Mich. , energy company stopped paying a dividend in the third quarter of 1984 because of troubles at its Midland nuclear plant . 
Corporate , Other Issues 
`` The Giants struck first , winning the opener , 3-1 , on a two-run homer off Dodger right-hander Ralph Branca , '' Mr. Engelken recalls with precision today . 
The standoff over abortion is certain to contribute to further delays and , apart from the health and education measure vetoed by Mr. Bush , bills funding the District of Columbia and the entire U.S. foreign-aid budget are in jeopardy because of related abortion or family-planning issues . 
The maker of document image processing equipment said the state procurement division had declared FileNet in default on its contract with the secretary of state uniform commercial code division . 
Since the 1970s energy crisis , some efforts to conserve energy by sealing buildings have had an unintended side effect : high indoor pollution . 
Banco Popular de Puerto Rico and BanPonce Corp. -- agreed to merge in a transaction valued at $ 324 million . 
`` There is talk of some revamping and we 're certainly heading in the direction of less and less animation , '' said Joseph S. Cicero , vice president of finance and administration for National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co . 
The prime minister and her new chancellor of the exchequer , the untested John Major , need to haul the country through something like a recession to bring down inflation and set the economy moving again . 
Recognition Equipment said it expected to put the agreement with Prospect to a vote of its stockholders at a special meeting in January . 
Jaguar shares stood at 405 pence before Ford 's initial announcement , but the subsequent takeover frenzy has driven them up . 
The exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held , until it reached a maximum of 35 % after seven years . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding . 
12:06 a.m . 
Some analysts say investors will begin paying more attention to earnings , partly in response to the latest round of disappointments . 
Seiren Co . ( Japan ) -- 
Nearly 10 years ago , representatives of service-sector companies worked out a plan with the Commerce Department to improve the data on service-sector exports . 
The practice is , however , legal in most cases . 
State governments place very low ceilings on how much property people may own or how much income they may keep if they want welfare help on medical bills . 
Many Americans still agonize over their own personal feelings about abortion . 
Activity quieted in the New York City bond market , where heavy investor selling last week drove yields on the issuer 's full faith and credit backed bonds up as much as 0.50 percentage point . 
Kemper also blasted the Big Board for ignoring the interests of individual and institutional holders . 
`` Developments like this are hard to predict . 
Your Sept. 25 criticism of credit-card foreign-exchange charges is unwarranted . 
It was an ideal place for the Orange Workers to start their new nation , unencumbered by the demographics that have undermined apartheid elsewhere in South Africa . 
He succeeds Alvin A. McCall in the position . 
Now , he said , a slowdown in economic activity has slackened demand . 
The Manhattan real-estate developer acted after the UAL buyers failed to obtain financing for their earlier $ 300-a-share bid , which sparked a selling panic among that snowballed into a 190-point drop Friday in the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
This decision resulted in at least some drugs entering the United States as a hidden cost of the war . '' 
Those investors think SCI TV needs new equity to survive . 
Allstate is expected to absorb another big hit in the fourth quarter as claims pour in from the San Francisco earthquake . 
The council 's report is based on data the trade group buys from the U.S. Census Bureau . 
The board expanded to 17 seats . 
He also is an entertaining writer , combining wisecracks and wordplay with programmatic detail and lucid explanations of how computers work . 
Most banking issues retreated after a sector downgrade by Warburg Securities , although National Westminister showed strength on positive comments from brokerage firms about its long-term prospects . 
Signal , which has an estimated 10,000 subscribers and is profitable , provides stock quotes over an FM radio band that can be received by specially equipped personal computers . 
Mr. Peters , a LaSalle Street legend among the post-World War II generation of commodity traders , was rumored to have amassed a multimillion-dollar fortune from commodity trading and other activities by the time he died in May . 
That would leave Hun Sen and the Khmer Rouge . 
The Shreveport , La. , natural gas company said the charges , though partially offset by a one-time gain from the offering , will result in a full-year after-tax loss . 
The remaining $ 40 million can be used over three years for oil and gas acquisitions , the company said . 
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd . 
Since the bureau 's estimates for the business sector provide the numerator for the productivity ratios calculated by the Department of Labor , underestimated growth rates artificially depress official productivity statistics . 
The unsecured creditors agreed in principle to support New Haven , Conn.-based United Illuminating 's new bid . 
In the early 1970s , Mr. Smith modeled his fledgling company on Tiger 's innovation of hub-and-spoke and containerized-cargo operations . 
Once external conditions , such as U.S. demand , swing in the territory 's favor , they argue , local businessmen will probably overcome their 1997 worries and continue doing business as usual . 
Great American Bank said its board approved the formation of a holding company enabling the savings bank to pursue nontraditional banking activities under a new federal law . 
Overseas exploration and production results also improved because of additional output from the North Sea Magnus Field , a portion of which was acquired by Sun earlier this year . 
Last week , the strategy of playing the two experts off each other blew up : Mr. Lawson quit in exasperation and Sir Alan Walters , the adviser , announced his resignation within an hour . 
The features will focus on `` parenting , family health and nutrition , and financial management , '' and will carry 30 seconds of advertising . 
`` The report provides detailed documentation of the extent and nature of the problem and indicates how we may want to shape solutions , '' said Joseph Genova , chairman of the committee that oversaw the survey and a partner at the law firm of Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy . 
Trompe l'oeil painting is meant to fool the eye , but Robert Lawrence Trotter , 35 , of Kennett Square , Pa. , took his fooling seriously . 
Pinkerton 's had locked itself into low-price contracts to win new business , with no hope of profitability until the contracts expired , he adds . 
The UAL news had already caused a selling furor in the so-called third market , in which firms buy and sell stock away from the exchange floor . 
But Mr. Luzon has moved swiftly to streamline bureaucracy , cut costs , increase capital and build up new areas of business . 
He 's currently in the midst of a 17-city U.S. tour with Yehudi Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia , with stops including Charleston , S.C . ( Oct. 25 ) , Sarasota , Fla . ( Oct. 28 ) , Tampa , Fla . ( Oct. 29 ) and Miami ( Oct. 31 ) . 
Such evaluations met with derision , and kept the machine from resigning as soon as humans would have -- prompting more derision . 
Sun Sportswear Inc. , initial offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which one million shares will be sold by the company , and the balance by a holder , via Salomon Brothers Inc. and Piper , Jaffray & Hopwood Inc . 
EXXON Corp. , New York , oil company , NYSE , said its refinery northeast of San Francisco was operating at a slightly reduced rate as a precaution in case of aftershocks . 
But yesterday 's agreement would make it easier for state governments to handle the promised aid by deferring for one year a scheduled 50 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants . 
But advertising revenue is inadequate . 
Lorne Slotnick , vice chairman of the Southern Ontario Newspaper Guild , the union representing the workers , said Thomson made significant concessions in the final round of talks . 
In August , the government played a major part in a sweeping restructuring of the troubled shipyard . 
`` Now we 're looking for a room with thicker walls , '' Ms. Banks says . 
Congress has enough difficulty dealing with the realities of the world as it currently exists . 
The company named Dillon Read & Co. as its exclusive agent for the stock buy-back program . 
Exact comparisons with the previous year were unavailable because of a change in the company 's fiscal calendar . 
He said that the next generation of optical drives will be as fast as hard drives , but he depends on outside suppliers for the devices . 
It closed yesterday at 34 3\/4 . 
The declines were particularly pronounced in the Northeast and in the South , where Hurricane Hugo was a factor . 
About one-third pay out of their own pockets , while the rest are covered throughout by Medicare , private insurers or the Veterans Administration . 
Elena Scambio , the woman assigned to run the Jersey City school system that was taken over by the state , says her top priority will be to `` cut through the dead hand of bureaucracy . '' 
IMA Acquisition , an investor group that includes First Boston and the Pritzker family of Chicago , said Chemical Bank had made arrangements for 23 other banks to provide $ 509 million in bank financing for the buy-out offer . 
The diversified electronics company blamed the decline in the quarter ended Sept. 29 , on previously reported operating problems in its Electron Devices & Systems Group . 
Hees is a merchant bank controlled by Toronto financiers Peter and Edward Bronfman . 
She has done little more than recycle her standard motifs -- trees , water , landscape fragments , rudimentary square houses , circles , triangles , rectangles -- and fit them into a grid , as if she were making one of her gridded two-dimensional works for a gallery wall . 
Until recently , Kellogg had been telling its sales force and Wall Street that by 1992 it intended to achieve a 50 % share of market , measured in dollar volume . 
The British conglomerate cited the recent turmoil in financial markets . 
It is one of the states that have met with Mr. Cohen and asked for additional information about investors ' accounts and other matters . 
Mr. Courter , by comparison , seems a shadow of the confident hawk who defended Oliver North before national cameras at Iran-Contra hearings two years ago . 
With nearly 4,000 machines in use , there have been no salmonella problems as long as instructions were followed , Mr. Maynard boasts . 
In a soon-to-be published book on the territory , a political economist , Miron Mushkat , has derived three future scenarios from interviews with 41 Hong Kong government officials and businessmen . 
One thing about the Bartlett plan was never in doubt : It would demand the full-time skills of a battalion of topiary barbers , rosarians , orchardists and arborists . 
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages . 
`` The information-systems industry is still going to be a high-growth business , and we 're confident that we have tremendous assets as a company . 
The seniority-list controversy , along with the job-classification dispute , has been turned over to the mediator . 
Similarly , the House agreed to add back $ 62 million to continue work on the advanced communications technology satellite , being developed by General Electric Co . 
Joann S. Lublin contributed to this article . 
Their views on health care and welfare did n't much matter , though HHS spends billions a year on both . 
We really do know all we need to know , if only we could assimilate this knowledge into our thinking . 
In addition , delivery delays for the first two of as many as 28 Boeing 747-400s that the carrier has ordered have raised costs because personnel had been hired to man the planes . 
Mobil Corp. is in the midst of cutting back its exploration and production group , which finds and develops oil and gas reserves in the U.S. , by as much as 15 % as part of a new restructuring of that sector of its business . 
The number of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange that fell in price yesterday exceeded 1,000 , a key measure of underlying sentiment among technical analysts . 
With these incentives , demand creates its own supply and a criminal network along with it . 
The American Iron and Steel Institute reported : The capability utilization rate is a calculation designed to indicate at what percent of its production capability the industry is operating in a given week . 
Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % , or about 153 million , of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase . 
The rights plan would be triggered if a person or group acquires 20 % or more of the common shares outstanding without making an offer to all shareholders . 
When it threatened to use this provision as the test for a line-item veto , Congress caved . 
Yesterday , Western Union 's senior secured reset notes fell 3 3\/4 points , or about $ 37.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount , to close at 50 1\/4 . 
At the same time , the Johns Hopkins team and others are rushing to pinpoint other tumor-suppressor genes . 
The two companies also agreed to settle any future property rights issues over the next 10 years through binding arbitration , both companies said . 
Alongside the old problems of a non-convertible currency and an inpenetrable bureaucracy , Western business executives must now grapple with new complexities linked to perestroika , the restructuring of the Soviet economy . 
U.S. officials estimated that gray-market imports total about 2,100 units a year , a small part of the more than three million vehicles exported to the U.S. each year . 
Separately , the government will try again within a month to sell the 36 % stake in Paper Industries Corp. of the Philippines , or Picop , as the paper mill is known . 
Bruce W. Wilkinson , president and chief executive officer , was named to the additional post of chairman of this architectural and design services concern . 
Cast as Violetta Valery in a new production of Verdi 's `` La Traviata , '' Ms. Gruberova last week did many things nicely and others not so well . 
Investors can be assured now that this kind of problem can never occur again . '' 
Great Western Financial lost 1 1\/8 to 20 1\/2 on 1.6 million shares , Golden West Financial dropped 1 1\/4 to 28 1\/2 and H.F. Ahmanson dipped 5\/8 to 21 1\/4 . 
Says Michele Hoffman , a clerk in the resort 's front office : `` We do n't have the outdoor pool , the pool table , ping pong table , snack bar or VCR , but we still have the indoor pool and Jacuzzi . '' 
Its capital spending is growing at double-digit rates for the second year in a row , and its superefficient producers of everything from cars to computer chips are rushing to expand capacity , modernize factories and develop new products . 
Toyota 's $ 35,000 Lexus automobile , a luxury model that it started shipping to the U.S. only last month , is racking up orders at a time when U.S.-made luxury-car sales are slow . 
Already , Congress is toying with legislation to curb the Fed 's independence . 
By that , he means low-margin but low-risk products such as certain types of primary property insurance . 
He also noted that the federal Drug Enforcement Administration has established a federal-local task force responsible since April for 106 arrests and more than $ 2 million in seizures of drug dealers ' assets . 
Since last week 's junk-bond market debacle , many new issues of high-yield , high-risk corporate bonds have either been scaled back , delayed or dropped . 
It was down more than 40 points a half-hour before the close , marking a 61.5-point turnaround from its high , reached in the first 15 minutes of trading . 
The exchanges say liquidity becomes a severe problem for thinly traded contracts such as those with a long time remaining before expiration . 
The trend is making advocates of the tax cut less optimistic about success . 
In May , the government unveiled new foreign investment regulations that create special trusts allowing foreigners , long limited to a 40 % stake in secondary petrochemical companies , to own up to 100 % . 
Municipals 
Because of Integrated 's widely reported troubles , the unit 's representatives had been requesting a name change . 
In preparation for the withdrawal , Moscow , Kabul and New Delhi signed two agreements for several hundred newly civilian Indian experts to replace some of the more visible Soviet military personnel . 
`` Before , they were interested in hard assets and they saw magazines as soft . 
That 's more than 10 times the usual housing site size . 
Cemetery officials hope the ads , which will begin airing next month , will not only draw visitors but bolster burials and endowment fund contributions . 
Other conservatives thought to be on the administration 's short list include Washington lawyer Michael Uhlmann , who was passed over for the No. 2 job at the Justice Department , and Marshall Breger , chairman of a U.S. agency on administration . 
Consider , for example , the greenhouse effect and climate change ; numerous blue-ribbon scientific committees , including one from the National Academy of Science , judge there is a greater than 50 % probability of a grave problem in the offing . 
`` Climate varies drastically due to natural causes , '' said Mr. Thompson . 
RMI Titanium Co. -- 15 million common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc . 
But we 're not making as many { pyrotechnic devices } as we used to . 
Baxter International Inc. yesterday reported net climbed 20 % in the third period to $ 102 million , or 34 cents a share , from $ 85 million , or 28 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The White House got the better of the exchange but took care not to press its advantage to the kind of constitutional confrontation sought by conservative Republicans who do n't want any congressional oversight of intelligence activities . 
`` It 's truly entrepreneurial . 
`` Now , I feel maybe there 's a little bit of euphoria . '' 
Mr. Teagan points out as well that if the equipment designed to get along without CFCs is less efficient than current devices , energy consumption will rise and that will worsen the greenhouse effect . 
But the advance faltered as index-options traders and investors jittery about the U.K. economic outlook took over . 
I find it troubling . '' 
In a prepared statement , GM suggested its plans for Jaguar would be more valuable in the long run than the initial windfalls investors might reap from a hostile Ford bid . 
`` Shippers are saying ` the party 's over , ' '' said Mr. LaLonde . 
`` I think the market could pop up to the $ 1.22 to $ 1.25 level without too much difficulty , '' he said . 
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement . 
According to Richard P. Mills , a Boston-based official of the U.S. partner , 10,000 copies of the quarterly will be printed in Russian from next year . 
In addition , earnings growth took a back seat to cash flow , restructuring and takeover potential , and breakup value as the preferred stock-picking standards for much of the year . 
A C$ 30-a-share bid by Ciba-Geigy Ltd. , a pharmaceutical company based in Basel , Switzerland , and California-based Chiron Corp. , a bioresearch concern , was extended to Nov. 16 . 
Meanwhile , the company 's service center segment , which saw operating profit drop to $ 11.5 million from $ 30.7 million a year ago , experienced much of the same demand and cost problems , as well as start-up costs associated with a coil processing facility in Chicago and an upgraded computer information system . 
By 1973 , after their second child was born , it had become clear to Ms. Volokh and her husband Vladimir , a computer scientist , that they wanted to leave the U.S.S.R . 
The Southfield , Mich.-based company earned $ 774,000 in the quarter last year . 
In addition to abetting in the alleged criminal breach of trust , Kwek Hong Png was also charged with dishonestly receiving S$ 500,000 that had been stolen . 
The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of Management and the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association , a joint industry-government trade group . 
The solidarity of the uncensored media world-wide against drug terrorism is the only way press freedom can survive . 
The proposed acquisition provides for a cash payment of $ 10 a share at closing and a contingent payment of as much as 80 cents a share placed in escrow . 
Giant Industries Inc. , initial public offering of 3,111,000 common shares , of which 2,425,000 will be sold by the company , and the rest by holders , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Hanifen , Imhoff Inc . 
Agents say airlines , which track ticket numbers of all stolen tickets , should be doing more to catch the thieves by confiscating the tickets when they 're used . 
`` He does n't know himself , '' Kathy Stanwick of the Abortion Rights League says of Mr. Courter 's position . 
On a $ 10,000 investment , that 's a difference of only $ 50 a year . 
He said : `` We know of no technology that exists anywhere in the world that would allow us to '' reinforce the columns . 
Profit margins at company-owned McDonald 's outlets in the U.S. `` are holding up quite nicely , '' says Mr. Greenberg . 
In such cases , the game has n't changed , only the name . 
Mercury Savings & Loan Association said it retained Merrill Lynch Capital Markets as its lead investment banker to advise it regarding a possible sale or other combination of the Huntington Beach , Calif. , thrift . 
Second , they are liquid . 
But in an interview , Mr. McMaster said he and his investment banker would need access to full financial records before firming up the offer . 
Bernard Leser , president of Conde Nast , added : `` Our research shows we sell more of our heavier issues ... because readers believe they are getting more for what they pay for . 
The insurance concern said all conversion rights on the stock will terminate on Nov. 30 . 
At a news conference last May announcing plans for the auction , Sotheby 's estimated its value in excess of $ 100 million . 
John Christie , a lawyer here for the two Chicago Title & Trust units accused the FTC of `` second-guessing '' state-level regulations , with which , he said , his clients had complied . 
`` Why should I be part of that problem ? 
As the government prepares to release the next batch of economic reports , the consensus among economists and money managers is that the news will be negative . 
Revenue rose 34 % to $ 410 million from $ 306.6 million a year earlier . 
In an interview , James Smith said the banks ' `` markets are contiguous and their business philosophies are similar and conservative . '' 
The latest period includes 14 months instead of 12 because Bear Stearns changed to a fiscal year ending in June instead of April . 
Noting that Cray does n't have a low-end supercomputer to compete with the likes of Convex Computer Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. , Mr. Luber said such a machine would be necessary `` to get things back on line here . '' 
He 's had a history of deception and this is the latest chapter . '' 
By late last year he was invited back as `` the tire king '' to display his products at a national exhibition . 
Leading the assault against the Egg King has been United Egg Producers . 
`` A great many federal regulations are meant for larger entities and do n't really apply to small businesses , '' says Marian Jacob , a legislative aide to Sen. Wallop . 
Dick Pound , a committee member , began by disclosing that ABC and NBC had refused to even bid . 
In the 1988 fourth quarter , Ford had net of $ 1.16 billion , or $ 2.42 a share . 
SEC Chairman Richard Breeden said the cooperation by the exchanges would enable investors to buy and sell options listed solely on the Pacific exchange , guaranteeing the liquidity of the market . 
But it fell to 1.8470 marks from 1.8485 . 
A poll conducted in July by a Gallup affiliate showed that 64 % of Costa Ricans believe that if their country is militarily attacked by either Nicaragua or Panama , the U.S. will come to its defense . 
No settlement negotiated by others can force the Afghan people to give up their struggle . 
Futures prices rose on a report that Cuba may seek to postpone some sugar shipments . 
TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. led the percentage decliners , dropping to 59 shares from 183,467 . 
Richard Rifenburgh , chairman and chief executive of the Longmont , Colo. , disk-drive maker , also said the company continued losing money in the third quarter and expects to sustain further losses through the end of the year . 
Thursday , a judge is scheduled to rule on Warner 's motion seeking to block the Guber-Peters duo from going to Columbia . 
`` The interest-rate sensitives are n't rallying with the rest of the market because of fears about what the ( Federal Reserve ) will do , '' Mr. Jennison said . 
Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze , at a news conference in Moscow , said , `` As the two sides plan to hold a full-scale summit in late spring-early summer next year , they found it useful , I would say even necessary , to hold an interim informal meeting . '' 
That way , they can be home in time for work Sunday . 
The 51-48 roll call fell well short of the two-thirds majority needed to approve changes to the Constitution . 
The death toll rose to 63 . 
`` We have n't modified our schedules in any way , '' said a Sun spokesman . 
The Commerce Department found that U.S. exports in 1988 , net of imports , were understated by $ 20.9 billion a year and understated at the annualized rate of $ 25.4 billion in the first quarter of 1989 . 
CBS will air the Super Bowl , baseball playoffs , college and pro basketball finals and other premier sports events . 
Bond prices fell after the Chicago report was released . 
He will keep the ball down , move it around . 
John Harland , which will replace American Medical International on the S&P 500 following Wednesday 's close , gained 5\/8 to 24 1\/8 . 
`` People are naturally suspicious of them , '' says Mr. Mullins of Morgan Stanley . 
News of the restructuring plan sent Sea Containers ' shares up $ 1 to $ 62 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Mr. Baker promises to return if the haunting continues . 
But others think property owners ought to pay a higher portion of the state 's earthquake relief tab . 
In addition , Hewlett-Packard , while a much smaller player , has made a big commitment to the sorts of industry standards that facilitate those hookups and could give IBM some problems . 
`` He is cornered , '' says the Rev. Fernando Guardia , who has led Catholic Church opposition against Noriega . 
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do . 
Moreover , after 26 years at Ogilvy he had honed a reputation for being squeaky-clean and a straight arrow -- which can only help American Express in the wake of the Safra incident . 
Perhaps the biggest challenge , however , will be to prevent a return to its former corporate rigidity as its recovery continues . 
Other news that weighed on the market : Initial unemployment claims rose by 62,000 last week ; American Telephone & Telegraph Co. will reduce its managerial staff by 15,000 through attrition ; the oil market turned weaker ; there was n't any investor demand for bullion ; and the dollar strengthened during the day , putting pressure on gold . 
The stress study was undertaken because problems related to stress `` are much more prevalent than they seem , '' said Leon J. Warshaw , executive director of the business group . 
From his new , million-dollar-a-year perch on Wall Street as a managing director of Wertheim Schroder & Co. , Mr. Coelho reports that many of his former colleagues have contacted him to find out how they , too , can pursue investment banking careers . 
A 190-point plunge in U.S. stock shares compounded the view , they say . 
According to East Germany 's ADN news agency , Mr. Krenz spoke to Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev by telephone over the weekend and acknowledged East Germany could learn from Moscow 's glasnost policies . 
Bostic posted 1988 sales of $ 255 million . 
The opinion is largely based on the company 's earnings momentum , Mr. Hallingby says . 
Of course , this kind of blatant congressional pork-barreling is called `` constituent service '' by Members , while the same kind of noncompetitive favoritism at HUD is labeled `` influence peddling . '' 
According to industry lawyers , the ruling gives pipeline companies an important second chance to resolve remaining disputes and take advantage of the cost-sharing mechanism . 
`` We issue paper money ; we destroy paper money , '' says Jane Hinkle , a Philadelphia Fed spokeswoman . 
MGM Grand Inc. said it filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a public offering of six million common shares . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
`` She can no longer be trusted to behave in a civilised -- that is unflaky -- fashion when abroad . '' 
Interest on the bonds will be treated as a preference item in calculating the federal alternative minimum tax that may be imposed on certain investors . 
Paramount Communications Inc. said it sold two Simon & Schuster information services units to Macmillan Inc. , a subsidiary of Maxwell Communication Corp . 
Under this legislation , a woman must be informed 24 hours before the operation of the details of the procedure and its risks . 
Maxicare said the plan stipulates that enrollees in the company 's health plans will have valid claims covered in full . 
Additionally , the end of the month position-squaring might have also played a minor role , traders said . 
To transmit charts to branch offices , they use a fax machine . 
The loans can be for accessory apartments , for cottages built in a relative 's yard , for home-sharing or for sale-lease-back transactions . 
By moving the design of new products in-house -- instead of contracting out the work -- the company also has been able to come up with designs that can be manufactured more efficiently , he said . 
Unions are pressing demands for wage increases of more than 10 % despite general belief that economic growth next year will be less than 2 % . 
OPEC officials worry that prices could collapse a few months from now if the group does n't adopt new quotas . 
Her son , healthy and symptom-free , currently takes no medication . 
Then , he answers his own question . 
That and other fancy gizmos may cost thousands , but simple voice-activated tape recorders sell for as little as $ 70 at electronics stores like Radio Shack . 
In January , the Preti painting that now hangs at CenTrust was expected to bring no more than $ 700,000 at auction until Mr. Paul came along with his $ 1.15 million . 
Suzanne Foster 
Complying with environmental and workplace regulations runs a close second . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Charleston is historic and aristocratic , as your reporter said , but not haughty , as he suggested . 
`` The non-food operations were largely Mr. Lortie 's creation { and } his strategy did n't work , '' said Steven Holt , a financial analyst with Midland Doherty Ltd . 
The Fed is easily assigned the blame for unpleasantness , like high interest rates or slow economic growth , while the politicians can escape responsibility by pointing to the Fed 's independence . 
What market makers provide is immediacy , a very valuable service . 
The leading contender for the mayoral office , Democrat David Dinkins , has been criticized recently for the way he handled his personal financial affairs . 
But it was n't until after it hired Arthur D. Little , a Cambridge , Mass. , research concern , that its new product was refined for commercial sale in 1973 . 
Take Cleveland . 
But there are no scientific data on this question . 
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year . 
Loews , the parent of CNA Financial , rose 1 3\/8 to 123 1\/8 . 
East Germany 's new leader met with Lutheran Church officials to discuss a growing opposition movement demanding democratic freedoms . 
But he never took an official position on the bill and has steadfastly maintained that he already has enough authority to deal with buy-outs . 
Mr. Dempsey estimated that the issue 's London debut was accompanied by `` very , very heavy turnover -- between five million and six million shares . '' 
Bond prices inched higher . 
The tragedy , he adds , `` galvanized me '' to look for a way to prevent similar cases . 
Bergen Brunswig Corp. , proposed offering of liquid yield option notes , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Eventually , Mr. Postel broke his toe in the dark . 
This gap eventually closes , but slowly . 
But early this year , PepsiCo Inc. 's Taco Bell unit and Wendy 's International Inc. slashed prices and stepped up promotions , says John Rohs , an analyst for Wertheim Schroder & Co . 
More than half of the `` newly found '' net exports were from just a few service-sector categories . 
Just a month ago , Mr. Bush sternly threatened to veto a pending welfare bill if it provided any abortion funds , except to save a woman 's life . 
A rambunctious shake-up is quickly reshaping Europe 's once-stately insurance business . 
The system also provides course-correction advisories . 
A new Gallup Poll study commissioned by the New York Business Group on Health , found that a full 25 % of the work force at companies may suffer from anxiety disorders or a stress-related illness , with about 13 % suffering from depression . 
Michael E. Hill 
Sales rose 2.8 % to $ 864.1 million , from $ 840.4 million . 
In addition , a planned two-part offering of $ 58 million in unsecured notes was n't offered . 
Closed End Bond Funds 
This is no longer true because of Campeau 's massive debt load . 
Falconbridge , he says , will continue operating in its current form . 
The bureau said some 3.5 million fewer people would have fallen below the poverty line in 1988 -- and the poverty rate would have been 10.5 % instead of 13.1 % -- under the alternative calculation . 
But Drexel has made it clear it could mount a significant legal battle in each state if its license is revoked , according to state officials . 
Until recently , such buy-now , pray-for-growth-later deals were routine . 
At a June EC summit , Mrs. Thatcher appeared to ease her opposition to full EMS membership , saying Britain would join once its inflation rate fell and the EC liberalized capital movements . 
Officials at Carnival declined to comment . 
More important are what LSI calls `` psychological anchors '' -- a few focal points calculated to appeal to the jury on a gut level . 
Mrs. Marcos had claimed that she did n't have to turn over the documents because she was brought here involuntarily and because providing the materials would violate her marital privilege . 
The price will depend on how much Picop shares fetch on the local stock market . 
In a less glamorous field , Akzo is the world 's biggest producer of industrial salt , used as a raw material for the chemical industry as well as for such tasks as melting ice . 
The company 's stock ended at $ 48.375 , up 25 cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
At the time the plan was announced , there were 135 lawyers . 
Thus far there is no indication that they have been re-supplied with Stingers or other anti-aircraft weapons . 
`` It 's very costly and time-consuming , '' says Phil Rosen , a partner in Fleet & Leasing Management Inc. , a Boston car-leasing company . 
`` For example , Warner made more than $ 100 million from filmed entertainment in three months . 
When GE finally disclosed the problems , prosecutors contend that Mr. Orr `` was erroneously informed that the { suspected } practices had only just been discovered '' by GE management . 
Mike Metschan , a salesman in Wang 's Austin , Texas , office , has a breezier method : `` We tell them $ 3 billion companies do n't go out of business . 
The man went back and spoke to the desk clerk : `` That sign is wrong , '' he said . 
Prosecutors wanted $ 23.8 million in forfeiture for alleged tax fraud of some $ 400,000 . 
Marion Harper , 73 , founder and ex-chief executive of Interpublic Group of Cos. , in Oklahoma City , of a heart attack . 
The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older from July 7 to July 15 , 1989 . 
However , it said examiners found a variety of insider dealings at the thrift , including `` extraordinary loan commissions '' paid to a firm associated with Vision Banc officials , and loans diverted through borrowers back to the thrift officials . 
Marietta , Ga . 
In Moscow , the Soviet State Bank announced a 90 % devaluation of the ruble against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb a black market for hard currency . 
`` I 'm not sure they 're going to make it work , '' says Mr. Anderson . 
Many states already have Enterprise Zones and legislation that combines tax incentives , loans , and grants to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed and minorities . 
It also would make Paribas a major French ally of West Germany 's Allianz AG insurance group . 
`` If the 1980s were a decade of consumption , the '90s will be the investment decade , '' Mr. Andersson says . 
Durable goods orders for September , due out tomorrow , are expected to show a slip of 1 % , compared with August 's 3.9 % increase . 
An accelerating move by personal computer manufacturers ' to include advanced graphics capabilities as standard equipment further dampened reseller purchases of Western Digital 's equipment . 
But if it was the national disease in 1906 , it is today the national commonplace . 
Japanese chemical companies are at work developing their own substitutes and hoping to conquer new markets , of course . 
In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stock with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from fleeting price discrepancies between the two markets . 
Drexel agreed to plead guilty to six felony counts and pay $ 650 million , of which $ 350 million was set aside for shareholders and other plaintiffs , including the limited partners , who claim they were injured by Drexel . 
But we like to call it ` controlled chaos , ' '' said 47-year-old Robert J. Jacobson Jr. , grandson of the firm 's founder . 
What 's more , the seven mail personnel aboard were missing . 
Mr. Perlman , who is also acting chief financial officer and the odds-on favorite to become the next chief executive , said the company is achieving `` modest positive cash flow from operations , and we expect that to continue into 1990 . '' 
Some agencies simply keep bad loans on the books ; as late as 1987 , the Export-Import Bank held in its portfolio at face value loans made to Cuba in the 1950s . 
Mr. Salvatori should know . 
Traders are already buckling their seat belts . 
U.S. durable goods orders are expected to show a decline of 1.2 % in September , according to economists . 
That contrasts with the penny-ante sales of things such as pen-and-pencil sets and office supplies that are known as `` Hollywood '' scams . 
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said . 
By replacing the frame 's steel lugs with titanium ones , Mr. Sinyard 's company plans to make its next generation of frames even lighter . 
These farmers may have a grip on the world 's very heart . 
A three-year-old Brooklyn boy was used as a shield by a drug dealer . 
`` We may not have every manufacturing problem , but we have most , '' said George Conrades , IBM 's top marketing official . 
The reality is that Bank loans have been linked to policy improvements for 40 years . 
I got home , let the dogs into the house and noticed some sounds above my head , as if someone were walking on the roof , or upstairs . 
And there are the twin-deficit Keynesians , who predict\/advocate devaluations to balance trade flows . 
He called the battle `` uphill . '' 
Though Mrs. Thatcher has pulled through other crises , supporters wonder if her steely , autocratic ways are the right formula today . 
Analysts say additional investors transferred their assets into money funds this month . 
But just one month later , he also contributed $ 100,000 to a Contra leader , according to documents released for Oliver North 's criminal trial in Washington , D.C . 
Building them now will require undergirding from the West , and removal of political deadwood , a job that Solidarity has barely started . 
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision . 
Harry Rossi , 69 , chairman of the holding company , also remains chairman of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co . 
`` We are still looking , '' said a Deutsche Bank spokesman . 
`` By encouraging massive , routine , voluntary testing we can enable society to voluntarily segregate itself sexually into two groups : those who carry the virus and those who do not , '' the Indianapolis research organization said in a new report . 
Indeed , Mr. Phelan said that if stock-market volatility persists , the U.S. may lose its edge as being the best place to raise capital . 
`` I believe that as soon as the selling abates somewhat we could see a rally back to the $ 1.20 region , '' she added . 
New York State Comptroller Edward Regan predicts a $ 1.3 billion budget gap for the city 's next fiscal year , a gap that could grow if there is a recession . 
But unlike Mr. Ruder , who during the 1987 crash damaged himself by saying rather offhandedly that the markets might be closed , Mr. Breeden is turning the market drop to his own advantage , using it to further his agenda for the SEC . 
Among the targets of the Big Board companies ' campaign will be some corporate pension funds that use program-trading strategies to maximize returns on their investments . 
But there was one bright spot yesterday . 
`` If there is any support for reducing the bill , it is conditioned on their desire to see them passed in another form . '' 
The House Public Works and Transportation Committee approved a bill that would give the Transportation Department power to block airline leveraged buy-outs , despite a clear veto threat from the Bush administration . 
They fear that the boom may be too big for Japan 's or anyone else 's good . 
Real estate firms are also using their alliances with financial institutions to amass acquisition funds . 
But despite the differences in what they say , according to some analysts here , economic constraints mean the next president may not have many choices about what he does . 
Arkansas Democrat David Pryor spilled his guts on the Senate floor the other day after he 'd joined the Finance Committee 's early-morning pork-barrel revels : `` I must tell you ... 
Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary pleaded guilty to two felony charges of conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion , and paid $ 500,000 in fines . 
She expects both revenue and profit to gain this year . 
The Ministry of Transportation serves the industry , certainly not the passengers who must pay extraordinarily high prices . 
Stock prices edged up in quiet trading Friday . 
Half the amount that the investment tables suggest might be a good goal , he adds . 
THE PANHANDLER approaches , makes his pitch . 
`` There were no { sell } lists and the calendar is lightening up a bit . 
The bench will be lower so the judge seems less intimidating , and walls will be painted in bright colors and covered with murals . 
The award , although far less than the $ 10 million , including punitive damages , that Ms. Midler sought , is likely to force Madison Avenue to further rethink how they use famous songs in ads . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
He cited the case of a Swiss oil trader who recently put out bids via telex for an oil tanker to pick up a cargo of crude in the Middle East . 
Under the accord , Finnair agreed to coordinate flights , marketing and other functions with SAS , the 50%-state-owned airline of Denmark , Norway and Sweden . 
Later this season he gives a recital at Washington 's Kennedy Center , and appears as soloist with several major orchestras . 
`` We 've approached this not as a response to a temporary condition in the industry but as a fundamental change the industry is going through , '' Mr. Unruh said . 
`` Of course it 's better to sell private , '' he says , as the butcher trundles away . 
Albert Fried Jr. , a 59-year-old director and holder of a 9.5 % stake in the company , was named chairman of this maker of products for the construction equipment , material handling and railroad industries . 
These critics are backed by several academic studies showing that the adoption of poison pills reduces shareholder values not merely in the short run , but also over longer periods . 
Mr. Maynard , whose company at the time was based in Santa Ana , Calif. , enlisted his local congressman , and the battle was joined . 
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument . 
Other , smaller concerns are also pursuing market niches -- Hawaiian tourists , for example , or the local trade . 
The market makers say they are n't comfortable carrying big positions in stocks because they realize prices can tumble quickly . 
The move was approved at a special shareholders ' meeting yesterday . 
The Nikkei continued to gain for the rest of the week , adding 1017.69 points in four days -- more than erasing Monday 's losses . 
American Express , Kraft General Foods , and Mattel executives said the move wo n't affect their relationships with the ad agency . 
Eastman Kodak Co. of Rochester , N.Y. , said its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups , one for household products such as cleaners and disinfectants and the other for do-it-yourself products such as wood finishes and stains . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Thursday , gold was at $ 368.15 an ounce . 
Moody 's said it is assessing the strategies Ryder 's management may follow in addressing significant challenges in some major markets . 
A big solitary bear . 
The Canadian government plans to auction on Tuesday 750 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 639.9 million ) of 9.25 % bonds due Dec. 1 , 1999 , the Finance Department said . 
She also notes that even if the pilots accept a minority stake now , they still could come back at a later time and try to take control . 
`` I think inflation is going to pick up through the fall , '' said Joel Popkin , a specialist on inflation who runs an economic consulting firm here . 
Analysts say Fed policy makers have been wary of relaxing credit too much because they were still uncertain about the level of inflation in the economy . 
Mr. Nazer , the Saudi oil minister , reiterated here that the kingdom would insist on maintaining its percentage share of OPEC production under any quota revisions . 
Now , after only a dozen moves , spectators were looking for a mating combination . 
Mr. Merksamer and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , were unavailable for comment . 
ABC 's hurdle was even higher this year with two teams from the same area . 
Soon all hell broke loose . 
It 's ironic that David Boren should be in the center of this mire . 
Either way it was a pity , because Mr. Stolzman offered the most substantial music of the evening just after intermission : Steve Reich 's `` New York Counterpoint , '' one of a series of Reich works that juxtapose a live performer with recorded tracks of his or her own playing . 
That list includes last season 's champs , the Los Angeles Dodgers , who rode a miracle home run by Kirk Gibson and two faultless pitching performances by Orel Hershiser to a five-game triumph over a bewitched , bothered Oakland crew . 
With the collapse of the talks Friday , European analysts expect Ford to intensify its pursuit of British luxury car maker Jaguar PLC , which is scrambling to fend off a hostile Ford bid by negotiating a friendly alliance with Ford 's archrival , General Motors Corp . 
The pilot union is vowing to pursue an acquisition whatever the board decides . 
Interactive telephone technology has taken a new leap in sophistication , and television programmers are racing to exploit the possibilities . 
Mr. Sukle says he would n't dream of participating himself : 
In the latest nine months , Ford earned $ 3.52 billion , or $ 7.51 a share , compared with $ 4.14 billion , or $ 8.53 a share . 
On Wall Street , Merrill Lynch & Co. analyst Daniel A. Roling rates the stock `` neutral '' and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. lists it as a `` buy . '' 
Growth stocks also are attractive in periods of market volatility , which many investors and analysts expect in the weeks ahead as everybody tries to discern where the economy is heading . 
But he cautioned that Westmoreland 's third quarter is typically better than the fourth , so investors `` should n't just multiply the third quarter by four '' and assume the same rate of improvement can be sustained . 
Excluding tax credits , profit was 6 % below the second quarter . 
Viacom Broadcasting Inc. definitively agreed to acquire KOFY ( AM ) and KOFY-FM in San Francisco for about $ 19.5 million from Pacific FM Inc . 
Additional housing vouchers and certificates will be made available , officials said , and some housing and community-development funds may be shifted from other programs or made available for emergency use . 
And Mitsukoshi recently increased its equity stake in Tiffany & Co. to 13 % . 
Other nations are n't sure how many weapons they have in their own arsenals . 
At closely held Deltec Securities Corp. , junk bond money managers Amy K. Minella and Hannah H. Strasser say the problems of the junk market go deeper than a temporary malaise . 
IBM fired back with new mainframes of its own , extending the long-dominant 3090 line with a 7 % to 14 % power boost . 
The figures exclude lump-sum payments and cost-of-living adjustments , so the actual wage increases may have been bigger . 
The company also posted third-quarter earnings that were in line with analysts ' forecasts . 
The entire division employs about 850 workers . 
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French-speaking passengers clambered into the chase car . 
To help lay the groundwork for that fight , President Bush plans early next week to meet at the White House with some 20 Democratic senators who favor cutting the capital-gains tax or are undecided on the issue . 
Another ad pictures a tree ant , magnified 80 times , with the headline , `` For impact far beyond your size consider our regional editions . '' 
That complex bid was billed as France 's largest takeover ever ( this one is slightly smaller ) . 
American Medical International Inc. said it has n't received any other offers to acquire the owner and operator of hospitals , and took another step toward completion of its $ 3 billion acquisition by IMA Holdings Corp . 
David M. Carroll 
About 47 % are loyal for one to five of the products . 
With National Institute of Justice support , the Minneapolis police and the Crime Control Institute are currently testing the effects of such a strategy , comparing its deterrence value with traditional random patrols . 
Morgan Guaranty Trust , Toronto-Dominion Bank and Provident National Bank , an affiliate of PNC Financial Corp. , jointly committed $ 1.2 billion of financing , subject to certain conditions , McCaw said . 
That structural lack is crucial because investors are the only source of market liquidity . 
In Beijing , meantime , China opened an international aviation show , but the West 's embargo on military deals and uncertainty about the nation 's stability kept many foreign exhibitors away . 
Even if the press is ready to seize and misinterpret , these are not very complicated thoughts . 
Those current holders would also receive minority interests in the new company . 
All this is causing convulsions in professional football . 
Outstanding contracts are those that remain to be liquidated . 
The most pressing problem was the suspension of options trading . 
So do just about all the losses that could be attributed to the sheer incompetence of unqualified planners . 
`` When there 's a clutter of brands , consumers simplify the complexity by telling themselves , ` All brands are the same so what difference does it make which I buy , ' '' says Karen Olshan , a senior vice president at BBDO . 
Foreign debt falling outside the net of affected indebtedness -- which Mr. Stahl estimated at $ 12 billion -- would remain not subject to the debt arrangements . 
Rights on such a basis , whether for blacks or homosexuals , are `` mere indulgences , '' he said , subject to being taken back . 
Here is an example . 
It said net income will rise 25 % to 69 billion yen . 
I have accomplished too much . 
Aetna Life & Casualty Co. 's third-quarter net income fell 22 % to $ 182.6 million , or $ 1.63 a share , reflecting the damages from Hurricane Hugo and lower results for some of the company 's major divisions . 
Intel said that over the past decade , it has installed computer sensors and shutoff valves , sensitive to the shake of an earthquake , in the pipes that snake through its plants . 
But Mr. Brady endorsed the market-revision bill that both houses of Congress will try to push through this session . 
On the comeback , Ms. Del Signore unloaded shares she has been aiming to get rid of . 
`` We 'd like to continue to reduce debt , '' President Lawrence Perlman said . 
Last week , the government took three bills to the National Assembly . 
The underlying bill approved yesterday is required to keep the government operating past midnight tonight , and this urgency has contributed to the speed -- and , critics say , mistakes -- that have accompanied the package of disaster assistance . 
NewsEdge uses an FM radio band to carry news wires provided by Reuters , McGraw-Hill and Dow Jones & Co. , as well as PR Newswire , which carries corporate press releases . 
Mr. Ireland said current demand for used aircraft is strong , partly because surging orders for new aircraft have lengthened waiting lists . 
Meanwhile , non-performing assets rose to $ 593 million from $ 518.7 million . 
Mr. Leemans said the hybrid rapeseeds created with this genetic engineering yield 15 % to 30 % more output than the commercial strains used currently . 
( General Dynamics Corp. vs. Trevino 
Commission revenue was $ 522 million , up 49 % . 
Gerald F. Seib contributed to this article . 
While Wall Street is retreating from computer-driven program trading , big institutional investors are likely to continue these strategies at full blast , further roiling the stock market , trading executives say . 
An Olivetti spokesman said the company 's factories are already beginning to produce the machine , and that it should be available in Europe by December . 
`` Frankly , it was like he worked for the Lincoln public-relations department , '' Mr. Stelzer testified . 
Through the first nine months of the year , Kidder ranks a distant 10th among underwriters of U.S. stocks and bonds , with a 2.8 % market share , up slightly from 2.5 % in the year-earlier period , according to Securities Data Co . 
JKD : 
When a court decides that a particular actor 's conduct was culpable and so extends the definition of insider trading to reach this conduct , it does not see the potentially enormous number of other cases that will be covered by the expanded rule . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
He distinguished the two cases : In Salinger , Judge Leval noted , the quotations were for the purpose of enlivening the biography rather than of proving points about the subject . 
Mr. Bloch concedes that a recent diversification attempt fell through . 
Market pulp is wood pulp sold on the open market to producers of paper and other products . 
His massage chair is kept in a closet , and a secretary escorts him past security . 
I saw neither . 
Soviet police clashed with demonstrators in Moscow following a candlelight vigil around the KGB 's Lubyanka headquarters in memory of those persecuted under Stalin . 
Loral said the contract with Turkey will provide opportunities for Loral to supply that country with other defense systems . 
I have plenty more at home . '' 
Although air-traffic delays in San Francisco were significant yesterday , they did n't appear to spread to other airports . 
Rowland , meanwhile , has expanded aggressively , and now ranks as the fifth-largest U.S. public relations firm , according to O'Dwyer's Directory of Public Relations Firms . 
Data Systems has five retail stores in the northeast , but specializes in selling personal computers made by International Business Machines Corp. and Apple Computer Inc. to banks , brokerage firms and other big businesses based in the New York metropolitan area . 
It 's almost impossible to track the number of companies trashing junk mail , since the decision is usually made in the mail room -- not the board room . 
Poughkeepsie Savings Bank said a plan to sell its South Carolina branch offices to First Citizens Bank , of Columbia , S.C. , fell through . 
Mr. Paul denies phoning and gloating . 
He believes there 's opportunity for a smart gasoline marketer to create a strong brand image and more consumer loyalty . 
The Celtona operations would become part of those ventures . 
Richard W. Lock , retired vice president and treasurer of Owens-Illinois Inc. , was named a director of this transportation industry supplier , increasing its board to six members . 
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons . 
They were frustrated by the longer queues at the cashier and the small coins given as change . 
During the past year , Wang has developed new products and a new strategy and hired a new president . 
Mr. Stoltzman must have worried that his audience might not be able to take it : He warned us in advance that `` New York Counterpoint '' lasts 11 1\/2 minutes . 
That 's the rule . 
In addition , it is often possible to obtain a new government loan even if existing debts are not paid off . 
Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket . 
Not so the Soviets . 
But last year Hitachi Ltd. surprised Japan 's electronics industry when it accused Korea 's Samsung Electronics Co. of using Hitachi technology to make dynamic random-access memory chips . 
In Toronto Stock Exchange trading Friday , Enfield closed at C$ 6.75 , down 37.5 cents . 
In fact , Manufacturers Hanover said in its third-quarter earnings report that fees from syndicating loans to other banks dropped 48 % , to $ 21 million . 
For one thing , quite a number of the leading spokesmen on Wall Street are not portfolio managers , who understand that the value of assets is greatly affected by how government taxes those assets . 
A large majority of the 961 former Tiger fliers support the union , according to a union study . 
No personal computer , not even the one on a chief executive 's desk , is safe , this speaker noted . 
Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the leading Republican proponent of the tax cut , did n't disagree . 
Separately , a federal judge hearing Mr. Hunt 's bankruptcy case yesterday turned down a proposed $ 65.7 million settlement between Mr. Hunt and Minpeco S.A. , another major creditor in the case . 
Interest may remain limited into tomorrow 's U.K. trade figures , which the market will be watching closely to see if there is any improvement after disappointing numbers in the previous two months . 
It said its real-estate operations earned a record $ 21.7 million , more than double year-earlier real estate profit of $ 9 million . 
Trading had been impeded by a major computer failure that took place before the start of Monday 's session . 
The bribery scheme took place between 1982 and 1985 , according to documents filed by prosecutors in connection with Mr. Lavelle 's guilty plea in federal district court in Alexandria , Va . 
Ad Notes ... . 
Even though the currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar , with a fixed exchange rate of HK$ 7.8 to the American currency , the U.S. and Hong Kong economies do n't always move in lock step , making it difficult to predict where interest rates in the colony will go . 
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human-rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation . 
To raise more highway funds , a measure to double the state 's nine-cent a gallon tax over five years is set to appear on the state 's June election ballot . 
State thrift examiner Eugene Stelzer said he found the chief federal examiner Steve Scott to be totally uninterested in one allegedly fraudulent series of transactions . 
The 47-year-old Mr. Nicastro joins Grand Union from Singer Co. , where he was treasurer . 
He retains his current positions as chief strategic officer of AM International and president of AM Ventures . 
Directors of state-owned Banca Nazionale del Lavoro approved a two-step capital-boosting transaction and a change in the bank 's rules that will help it operate more like a private-sector institution . 
The company also said it will adopt new accounting standards in the first quarter . 
Northrop , which since early 1988 has declined to accept fixed-price contracts for research and development , said earnings were hurt by excessive costs on a number of such contracts won years ago . 
Dealers bought the used stamps cheaply from charities , including the Guide Dogs for the Blind Association . 
Mr. Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges . 
Fortunately , there are signs that increasing numbers of scientists understand the necessity of speaking out . 
`` Learning AIDS '' lists films , pamphlets , brochures , videos and other educational data . 
Ciba Corning makes clinical diagnostics systems and related products for the medical-care industry . 
Under the existing contract , Rockwell said , it has already delivered 793 of the shipsets to Boeing . 
Traders said turnover was particularly thin as investors waited for Wall Street to set the direction for the week . 
Despite the yen 's weakness with respect to the mark , Tokyo traders say they do n't expect the Bank of Japan to take any action to support the Japanese currency on that front . 
Ford originally had seen a Saab alliance as a way to expand its presence in the European and U.S. luxury car markets . 
Until a recent comeback , it saw steep losses in ad pages and circulation . 
The market changed , he adds . 
For the year , net income tumbled 61 % to $ 86 million , or $ 1.55 a share . 
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years . 
Scientists have isolated a molecule that may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune system , ranging from organ-transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma , Immunex Corp. said . 
Republicans would try to attach a capital-gains provision to that legislation , hoping the political popularity of its other two parts would dissuade Democrats from blocking it . 
Its calculations for meeting cash charges ignore $ 52 million a year in interest on cash-deferred , or zero-coupon debentures -- which ultimately would have had to be paid . 
Many farmers , too removed to glean psyllium 's new sparkle in the West , have decided to plant mustard , fennel , cumin , fenugreek or castor-oil seeds . 
It also decided to go national with pizza , which it has been test-marketing . 
`` It 's simply a way of making the cuts less onerous for defense than they are for domestic programs , '' said Chairman James Sasser ( D. , Tenn . ) of the Senate Budget Committee , who said he would oppose the request . 
Keepers of the books , dubbed `` figure filberts , '' loathed the threat . 
Only about a quarter of the respondents said they exercise to lose weight . 
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit-card securities are the first with a 10-year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues . 
Admirers of Mr. Glass may agree with the critic Richard Kostelanetz 's sense that the 1974 `` Music in Twelve Parts '' is as encyclopedic and weighty as `` The Well-Tempered Clavier . '' 
By and large , these efforts have borne fruit . 
His new stake would be in the form of preferred shares , which receive higher dividends but have voting rights only in extraordinary shareholders assemblies . 
The carrier stopped short of saying it would n't at some point reconsider participating in any new bid for UAL . 
The last time that traders experienced a trough was during 1985-86 , when Beijing imposed tough measures to curb imports and conserve foreign exchange . 
Mr. Alito said his office `` just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . '' 
Overseas , both franchisees and the company performed substantially better than a year ago . 
There are at least 27 class-action shareholder suits that have been consolidated in federal court in New York under U.S. District Judge Milton Pollack . 
As the largest holder of acquisition preferred units , Mesa Limited Partnership would own about 28 % of Edisto after the transaction . 
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software . 
`` These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , '' he said . 
The stock fell 3 1\/4 to 73 1\/4 on 3.4 million shares . 
Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative , I promptly signed up . 
Frank J. Pascale , chairman of Eagle , will be chairman of the new firm and James C. Smith , president and chief executive officer of Webster , will take those posts at Webster\/Eagle . 
PWA would n't estimate the value of Wardair 's aircraft , which include 12 Airbus A310-300s and three Boeing 747-100s . 
The bonds , rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1993 to 7.10 % in 2008 and 2009 . 
Mr. Paul thus developed a close , symbiotic relationship with Sotheby 's . 
Mr. Ely , 57 years old , temporarily increases the board to seven members . 
`` When elephants start fighting , ants get killed , '' says Murray Riese , co-owner of National Restaurants , a New York franchisee for Pizza Hut , Roy Rogers and other chains . 
In Spain , anyway , the 73-year-old Mr. Cela enjoys some renown for the novels and travel books he wrote during the parched Franco years , the everyday poverty and stagnant atmosphere of which he described in brutally direct , vivid prose , beginning with `` The Family of Pascal Duarte '' ( 1942 ) . 
Meanwhile , the index of the 100 biggest non-financial stocks , the Nasdaq 100 , gained 0.47 to 438.15 . 
But wealthy individuals also have been jumping in , and lately brokers have been pushing smaller investors into the asset-backed market . 
We 're sorry to see Nigel Lawson 's departure from the British government . 
In New York Stock Exchange trading , PS of New Hampshire 's 17 1\/2 debenture due 2004 closed yesterday at $ 82.50 , up $ 2 . 
The information company also cited the stronger dollar , the sale last year of its former Official Airline Guides unit and other factors . 
Airlines tried to restrict the program substantially by limiting the offer to certain days of the week , but it still was apparently used far more heavily than the airlines expected . 
It 's sort of loyalty by default . 
`` Public TV is in fantasy land , '' he said . 
ITT Financial is a subsidiary of ITT Corp . 
NEC Corp. said it plans to more than double its British subsidiary 's capacity for the production of semiconductor wafers . 
After six months on the run , Mr. Chan learned the order for his arrest had been canceled . 
For some at the SEC , an agency that covets its independence , Mr. Breeden may be too much of a Washington insider . 
The index is based on 1980 equaling 100 . 
He reckons the current account deficit will narrow to only # 1.8 billion in September . 
That is n't much compared with what Bill Cosby makes , or even Connie Chung for that matter ( who is paid $ 1.6 million a year and who recently did a guest shot of her own on the sitcom `` Murphy Brown '' ) . 
In August , by contrast , program trading averaged 10.3 % of daily Big Board turnover . 
Nor is Tokyu the only Japanese retailer interested in Bloomingdale 's , which bankers in Tokyo estimate could cost between $ 1 billion and $ 1.5 billion . 
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury . 
Union Carbide Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 35 % from a year earlier on weakness in the company 's mainstay chemicals and plastics business . 
But the move lagged a stronger rise in New York Stock Exchange issues . 
The mergers and acquisitions market has been a saving grace for the industry , but uncertainties are beginning to mount even there . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index dropped 1.20 to 342.50 ; the decline was the equivalent of a nine-point setback in the 30-stock average . 
And the relationship between Qintex Entertainment and the Australian company appears to be quickly deteriorating . 
`` Non-smoking should be established as the norm of social behavior '' around the world , the editorial says , through the enactment of laws that limit advertising , boost tobacco prices and promote anti-smoking education . 
The graph on the left shows how this happens ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 30 , 1989 ) . 
`` The break-even point for next year is much lower , but is it low enough ? '' he asked . 
The investment community , however , strongly believes that the strike will be settled before there is any lasting effect on either Boeing or its work force . 
But Ms. McCraw says the magazine is fighting back . 
The commission found that if the British government attempted to block the merger , Rhone-Poulenc would likely respond by closing the salicylates plant Monsanto operates in Wales , removing the matter from U.K. jurisdiction . 
Typical is Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi , Italy 's state-owned energy company , which not long ago acquired through its AGIP oil subsidiary a 5 % share in the consortium accounting for half of Nigeria 's oil output . 
This is the same production already seen in Paris and Florence , and its scenic ideas echo the movie he made with Placido Domingo and Teresa Stratas . 
Revenue dropped 4.3 % to $ 2.3 billion from $ 2.4 billion , reflecting declines in its consumer-telephone sector , long-distance carrier business and diversified division . 
Stockholders will vote on the proposal at a meeting Dec. 13 . 
Supposedly the IRS will sell off the assets of MPI , but before it can , a lowly IRS agent is called into the hospital room of Wylie Slaughter , the dying head of the Central Intelligence Agency . 
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now . 
The law , which Bush allowed to take effect without his signature , went into force Friday . 
Another option for Delmed , the company said , is that it could sell its plant in Ogden , Utah . 
I think some people may believe they 're helping fund a massive TV and print campaign , but we could n't find that the charity does anything except write these letters , '' he says . 
As early as move six , Mr. Kasparov deviated from a well-known sequence of moves , developing a knight instead of making a standard bishop attack against the computer 's advanced knight . 
The Japanese government does n't allow this . 
As the violinist tells it , his grandmotherly looking teacher `` put her hands on her hips , stomped her foot and said , ` You 've just got to get the { expletive deleted } out of there . ' '' 
Rep. Don Edwards , the California Democrat , warned Mr. Allen that the speech would be `` outside the scope of the commission 's jurisdiction . '' 
This conjures up images of a nation full of trim , muscular folks , and suggests couch potatoes are out of season . 
The Beverly Hills , Calif.-based company said it would have 26.9 million common shares outstanding after the offering . 
There are many successful schools scattered throughout this nation , some of them in the poorest of ghettos , and they are all sending us the same message . 
Mr. Francois-Poncet responded that his group initially intended to take only a minority stake , striking an alliance with current management . 
The Senate is expected to make some modifications today , but both the White House and Congress appear most anxious to speed final approval before tonight 's deadline . 
Claiming program trading has turned the Big Board into a `` gambling casino , '' Contel Chairman Charles Wohlstetter said that he and at least 20 other corporate executives are forming an unprecedented alliance . 
As of Feb. 1 , 1990 , the Bullocks Wilshire stores will operate as I. Magnin stores . 
The high court majority said it was up to the state courts for now to decide whether the definition has any bearing on other state laws . 
Does the Delta deserve government help in attracting industry when the majority of residents , black and white , do not realize racism alienates potential employers ? 
The investigation , which will be coordinated with one already under way in the U.S. , follows the discovery of what Ferranti has called a `` serious '' fraud involving its U.S. subsidiary . 
It was Nasdaq 's biggest percentage gainer . 
That was the question structural engineers and California transportation officials were asking themselves yesterday as rescue workers began the gruesome task of trying to extract as many as 250 victims from beneath the concrete slabs of the double-deck Nimitz Freeway in Oakland that caved in during Tuesday 's temblor . 
None of these chief executives were available for comment . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Peasants in Inner Mongolia have partly dismantled a 20-mile section of China 's famed Great Wall , the official People 's Daily said . 
Xtra , a transportation leasing company , said in a statement it would have no comment on Mr. Gintel 's plans until `` further information has been disclosed by him . '' 
The TVA , in fact , decided to proceed with the bond offering following an agreement last week with the Financing Bank , which allows TVA to keep borrowing short term from the bank for two years after it goes to the public market . 
Mr. Williams said the exercise price is $ 125 , meaning holders would have the right to buy $ 250 of Rubbermaid stock for half price , diluting the investor 's 25 % stake . 
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement . 
Instead , he said in an interview , he is looking for ways to exploit France 's network of 39,000 tobacco agents , most of them cafes . 
The Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit was created in 1982 to serve , among other things , as the court of last resort for most patent disputes . 
A group of United 's noncontract employees said in a statement , `` The fact that Wolf and other officers were going to line their pockets with literally millions of dollars while instituting severe pay cuts on the nonunion employees of United is not only deplorable but inexcusable . '' 
Other network applications have very different goals . 
Mr. Nadeau said he intends to remain Provigo 's chief executive only until the non-food businesses are sold , after a which a new chief executive will be named . 
James Earl Jones and Mario Van Peebles carry out a bitter intergenerational dialogue between two black men . 
CBS News interviewed Jack Hoffman and his sister , Phyllis , as well as Mr. Hoffman 's landlord in Solebury Township , Pa . 
Anticipating this settlement , the company recorded a pretax charge of $ 24 million during the fourth quarter of 1988 . 
The $ 3.18 billion bid , which had been rumored since last week , `` creates a better feeling that there 's value in the market at current levels and renews prospects for a hot tape , '' says A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research Corp . 
The venture plans to announce a final site by late November . 
ANACOMP INC. , Indianapolis , NYSE , said its Xidex Corp. unit , a Sunnyvale maker of computer disks and microfilm with annual sales of $ 637 million , had only minor damage and is fully operational . 
The trading has been blamed for much of the market 's recent volatility . 
The three offerings together bring Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 32.4 billion and its total Remic volume to $ 44.5 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
A serious economic downturn , pessimists observe , could hurt the expansionists . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Smith-Kline Beecham goes further and sometimes features its grievance procedure in closed-circuit TV programs . 
Whittle is spending $ 150 million initially to launch the network . 
The court ordered FERC to justify within 60 days not only its cost-sharing deadline , but other major elements of its proposed regulation for introducing more competition into natural-gas transportation . 
Saudi Arabia , OPEC 's kingpin , also has surfaced as a possible obstacle , some OPEC sources said . 
HomeFed Corp. said third-quarter net income slid 14 % to $ 23.9 million , or $ 1.10 per fully diluted share , from $ 27.9 million , or $ 1.21 a fully diluted share , because of increased bad assets and unexpected trouble in unloading foreclosed property . 
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment . 
In an internal memo , Alex Kroll , the agency 's chairman , said Mr. Klein decided to remove himself to minimize `` negative reaction '' from prospective clients and others and to prepare for his defense . 
But this time , China faces a more difficult battle because of economic forces that have come into play since the Tiananmen Square killings June 4 . 
Maybe Mr. Z. was too busy taming his set to work with his naturally ungainly Alfredo . 
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator . 
A resistance government would walk into Kabul . 
He notes that most of the net sales drop stemmed from a three-day period following the Friday the 13th plunge . 
DIET COKE : 
Net income rose to 83 cents a share from 72 cents a share the year-earlier period . 
George W. Koch , 63 years old , president and chief executive officer of Grocery Manufacturers of America Inc. , was elected a director of this maker of spices , seasonings and specialty foods , succeeding Erskin N. White Jr. , 65 , who resigned . 
The highest yielding taxable fund this week was Harbor Money Market Fund , with a seven-day compound yield of 12.75 % . 
I think these regulations that would prohibit well-operated programs in areas across this country would be wrong to change ... . 
Amdura Corp. said its bank group , led by Chicago-based Continental Bank , agreed to extend its $ 40 million bridge loan until March 31 , 1990 , and gave it a new $ 30 million credit line . 
But a secondary agenda among officials in the City of Angels was to learn about the disaster-contingency plans that work and those that do n't . 
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary . 
There are also other factors at work that are outside IBM 's control , such as currency exchange rates . 
Mr. Smith recommends Cypress Semiconductor that is currently showing a robust 63 % earnings growth rate . 
Donaldson Lufkin declined to comment on the restructuring . 
Nearly 70 % of cosmetics sales come through mass-distribution outlets such as drug stores and supermarkets , according to Andrew Shore , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Mr. Bennett will continue as executive in charge of the North Carolina banking operation . 
`` It is a cheap-shot suit -- procedurally defective and thoroughly fallacious -- which was hurriedly filed by a contingency-fee lawyer as a result of newspaper reports , '' said a GE spokeswoman . 
So far this year , it has put nearly $ 700 million into bottling operations in Australia , New Zealand and France . 
Eaton said sales of truck axles , transmissions and other parts fell 7.2 % to $ 295 million . 
Mr. Beale commented that the mark remains well bid against other currencies as well . 
HomeFed has $ 17.9 billion of assets . 
Bakker , who was immediately taken into custody , was convicted Oct. 5 by a federal court jury in Charlotte , N.C. , of fraud and conspiracy for diverting more than $ 3.7 million of ministry funds for personal use . 
IBM has a near-monopoly on mainframes , with an estimated 70 % share of the market . 
What kind of initiative should anyone expect from people out on the line who 've read all this and know what can happen if they fail ? 
Many economists think the rise in the value of the U.S. dollar this year will further crimp progress in trade , because it makes exports more expensive and imports cheaper . 
In the process , Litigation Sciences is quietly but inexorably reshaping the world of law . 
The parent also publishes weeklies , shopping guides and specialty magazines . 
They say it s possible some of their members may be donating privately . 
`` I 'd be destroying myself , '' replies Mr. Korotich , who then asks , `` What would that accomplish ? 
As a result , the OEX insurance may or may not fully protect an investor 's holdings in the event of a market decline . 
That bill , proposed by the SEC last year , would require brokerage firms to disclose the financial positions of their holding companies , mandate large traders ' reporting of program or block trades , and improve clearing and settlement of trades between the futures and stock markets . 
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks . 
A bunch of tans and bathing suits posing as lovable lifeguards . 
$ 350 million of senior subordinated debentures , due Nov. 1 , 2004 , was priced at par to yield 12 7\/8 % . 
Along with reduced volume , analysts said the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker was hurt by holding higher-cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped . 
But does it have to be so soon ? 
In April , when many of them bought their CDs , six-month certificates were yielding more than 9 % ; investors willing to look could find double-digit yields at some banks and thrifts . 
Mr. Stevens said he kept a `` buy\/hold '' recommendation on the stock only because `` all the damage has been done . '' 
`` Evidently , somebody has realized it 's easy money to steal these things , '' says Loran Whitelock , a research associate specializing in cycads at the Los Angeles State and County Arboretum . 
Ajinomoto Co. , a Tokyo-based food-processing concern , said net income in its first half rose 8.9 % to 8.2 billion yen ( $ 57.7 million ) from 7.54 billion yen a year earlier . 
Mr. Lorin responded , `` No . '' 
Wall Street securities firms , `` the primary source of liquidity for the high yield market , '' have been net sellers of junk bonds because of trading losses , Deltec said in a recent , grim report to customers . 
Computer parts are getting ever smaller , Mr. Johnson said , a shrinking that has propelled laptops into position as the fastest-growing segment of the computer business . 
Stores in the company 's core middle-class market will get more frozen and quick-to-prepare foods and a greater selection of bottled water . 
Bank of Italy has also ordered BNL to shore up its capital base to account for potential foreign loan losses , and the Rome bank has outlined a 3 trillion lire capital-raising operation . 
Still , two-thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios , says Brian Mattes , a vice president . 
The consumer price index rose 0.2 % in September , while many economists were looking for a 0.4 % increase . 
Warnaco was taken private by Spectrum Group in 1986 for about $ 487 million . 
Although they never said so publicly , they have made no secret of their preference for the F-18 on operational grounds . 
Today , the Treasury Department will sell $ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills at the regular weekly auction . 
The Treasury 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 was down 2\/32 at 111 29\/32 to yield 10.09 % , while the 11 3\/4 % notes due 1991 were unchanged at 98 19\/32 to yield 12.94 % . 
NBC 's `` On-Line '' consumer minutes have increased advertiser spending during the day , the network 's weakest period . 
Cincinnati Bell Inc. said net declined 1.8 % . 
`` He 's in a vulnerable position because he has n't established much credibility on his own , '' says Bryan Jacoboski , a securities analyst at PaineWebber Inc . 
Bond prices staggered in seesaw trading , rising on reports of economic weakness and falling on reports of economic strength . 
In California , a bellwether market , they accounted for more than 80 % of all bike sales . 
In major market activity : 
Mr. Lee says Mr. Deng told him : `` We should not mind those who participated in demonstrations , signed anti-government materials and went on hunger strikes . '' 
And plans to raise another $ 20 million through changes to an insurance policy have hit a snag , the source said . 
Dunkin ' Donuts Inc. , battling a takeover proposal by Canada 's DD Acquisition Corp. , said that its directors will evaluate takeover offers submitted by Nov. 10 . 
The board of this Ponce , Puerto Rico concern voted to suspend payment of its quarterly of 11 cents a share for the third quarter . 
The media concern said net income rose to $ 37.8 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 32 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Another factor to consider : Some of the companies currently earning very high yields are doing so through substantial investment in junk bonds , and you know how nervous the market has been about those lately . 
Sebastian Guzman Cabrera took over the oil workers union , Mexico 's most powerful labor organization , only last January . 
Trading activity cooled off from Monday 's sizzling pace . 
$ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills . 
`` Ron Brierley clearly views our company as a good investment , '' a Vickers spokesman said . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold dropped $ 1.60 to $ 367.10 an ounce in moderate trading . 
Mr. Jackson , who won the nickname `` Mr. October '' for his World Series exploits , is selling some of his canceled checks to autograph collectors through a dealer for as much as $ 500 each . 
Moreover , the interest on asset-backed securities is fully taxable , while interest on Treasury issues is tax-free at the state and local level . 
A former Sperry Corp. marketing executive , admitting his role in the Pentagon procurement scandal , pleaded guilty to bribery and conspiracy charges for helping funnel $ 400,000 to a midlevel Navy acquisition official during the early 1980s . 
Ford Motor Co. said it is consolidating control of its Asian operations under a new organization here that will be headed by W. Wayne Booker . 
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market-moving employment report . 
We keep a lot of shrines to him around the Pentagon : statues , busts , relics and such . 
MAITRE'D CLAIMS in suit that restaurant fired her because she was pregnant . 
`` Go run the university . '' 
Analysts estimate that sales of the two businesses could raise roughly $ 2 billion . 
But whatever their advice about timing , none of these experts recommend jettisoning stocks entirely during a recession . 
Predictably , guarantees outstanding have risen by $ 130 billion since 1985 , while direct loans outstanding have fallen by $ 30 billion . 
Had zeros been available in 1972 and had parents bought a face amount equal to four years ' tuition at the time , aiming for their children 's 1988 enrollment , they would have been left with only enough to pay for two years , Mr. Anderson figures . 
The buy-out fell through after Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , the lead banks in the transaction , failed to obtain $ 7.2 billion in financing needed for the plan . 
But the scandal itself is so convoluted that ruling-party members are divided between those who want to pursue the matter in hope of undermining the opposition and those who favor leaving well enough alone . 
Akzo 's biggest move in this area was the 1987 acquisition of Stauffer Chemical Co. 's specialty chemical business for $ 625 million . 
And in Paris , Mahmoud Vaezi , Iran 's vice minister of foreign affairs , began a five-day visit to discuss such matters as compensation to French enterprises for contracts broken by the Khomeini regime . 
Financial markets took a midweek break from their recent wild gyrations with stock prices falling modestly , bond prices posting tiny gains and the dollar almost unchanged . 
And security authority Robert L. Duston favors disciplining all employees who cheat . 
For the third quarter , operating profit from Carbide 's chemicals and plastics business fell to $ 238 million from $ 352 million a year ago , before accounting for taxes and interest expense . 
Generally , the Bush administration expressed satisfaction with the economy 's progress as it heads into its eighth year of sustained growth next month . 
The fish often are plentiful around the pilings of the old gas wells that dot the flat surface like the remains of sunken ships . 
Most of the 10 analysts polled last week by Dow Jones International News Service in Frankfurt , Tokyo , London and New York expect the U.S. dollar to ease only mildly in November . 
While other mines might yield more carats , a higher percentage of them go to industrial use . 
Mr. Digate says his firm , Beyond Inc. , has licensed technology known as Information Lens from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and plans to develop it for commercial use . 
`` There 's just too much silver around , '' says Tom Butler , an analyst at Samuel Montagu & Co. , a London bullion house . 
Accounting problems raise more knotty issues . 
The story of tumor-suppressor genes goes back to the 1970s , when a pediatrician named Alfred G. Knudson Jr. proposed that retinoblastoma stemmed from two separate genetic defects . 
Some 4,300 institutions are part of the pension fund . 
Ramada 's previous plan was derailed by upheaval in the junk-bond market that hindered the offering of $ 400 million in high-yield securities of Aztar Corp. , the new company that will operate Ramada 's casinos in Nevada and Atlantic City , 
If the setting is exotic , the prose is closer to Balzac 's `` Pere Goriot '' than it is to `` Arabian Nights . '' 
While Westinghouse has n't had a nuclear power plant order from a U.S. utility in about a decade , excess capacity is beginning to shrink . 
In Japan , Furukawa said it will raise production at a plant outside Tokyo to 300,000 sheets monthly from 100,000 . 
But both see a common enemy : About 66 % of employees and 73 % of investors think senior managers get too big a slice of the profit pie . 
Newport Beach operations differ from the Hollywood boiler rooms in style as well as in dollars . 
One is the Pao , a tiny coupe with a peelback canvas top and tilted headlights that give it a droopy-eyed look . 
Doskocil Cos. said its bank-debt payments have been extended until May 31 , 1990 , to give it more time to sell its Wilson Foods Corp. retail and fresh meat operations . 
None of the diabetics were using Lilly 's insulin . 
Sales for both years reflect 12-month performances for each year of I. Magnin , Bullock 's , and Bullocks Wilshire . 
But those holders are often foreign investors and tax-exempt pension funds that do n't pay taxes on their holdings . 
Also slowing growth in the U.S. were lackluster results for P&G 's cooking oils , which had a strong year-earlier first quarter . 
New York is in the process of trying to disengage itself from a 20-year-old commitment to this system of school governance , even as Chicago and other cities are moving to institute it . 
For Contel 's part , the company a month ago informed each of its money managers that it would drop them if they give business to program-trading firms . 
Not to be outdone , George Bush wants CFCs banished altogether by the year 2000 , a goal endorsed at an 80-nation U.N. environmental meeting in Helsinki in the spring . 
They can make the masks brittle and can pass through material they 're not supposed to . 
Denver-based U S West said net income dropped 8.9 % , noting that the year-ago quarter included the sale of a building by its BetaWest Properties unit . 
He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '60s and '70s : for assault and unlawful confinement , for fraud and forgery of private documents , and for extortion . 
A similar machine already on the market , made by Rank Sintel Ltd. , a unit of Rank Organisation , costs about $ 500,000 . 
Not to mention the incursion of imports . 
Finally , during his first and only state visit to Bonn two years ago , he won some measure of the recognition he had long sought . 
`` It 's just a matter of time before the tide turns , '' says one Midwestern lobbyist . 
For the year , however , access lines in service have increased 5.5 % . 
Convex Computer Corp. , continuing its rapid growth while other computer companies falter , reported an 87 % increase in third-quarter net income from a year earlier and a 50 % increase in revenue . 
But , they add that the mark 's strength is in part a reflection of a shift away from U.S. assets by Japanese investors into West German investments . 
Ms. Brannigan is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Atlanta bureau . 
But other nations at the opening of the 49-nation meeting of Britain and its former colonies pressed for continued or stronger embargoes in an effort to end apartheid . 
Earlier this year , public television station WGBH in Boston fired Mr. Vila after a sponsor protested some of his numerous commercial endorsements . 
A large plant in Covington , Ga. , is to come on line next year . 
National says it agreed to acquire Krysalis 's assets and will start shipping commercial quantities of its first chips , including a 4-kilobit memory , next year . 
A $ 137.6 million Maryland Stadium Authority sports facilities lease revenue bond issue appeared to be off to a good start . 
Some takeover stock traders had been betting against Mr. Trump because he has a record of disclosing stakes in companies that are potential takeover targets , then selling at a profit without making a bid . 
Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . 
From the air , ribbons of yellow fire hose carry water from the bay to high-pressure nozzles trained on the site . 
Like the Roman Catholic Church , the Polish peasant is a pillar of the nation . 
Only a decade or so ago , casino managers balked at in-room TV sets and other fripperies that distracted from gambling . 
`` Improving profitability of U.S. operations is an extremely high priority in the company . '' 
She said that the timing of the United Kingdom 's entry would depend on the speed with which other members liberalize their economies . 
Allied-Signal reported that net rose 1.7 % to $ 121 million , or 81 cents a share , from $ 119 million , or 80 cents a share , the year earlier . 
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said . 
CDs sold by major brokerage houses , which like jumbo CDs tend to closely follow interest rate trends , also posted larger drops in yields . 
The previous-year quarter included $ 16.1 million from businesses spun off as Tredegar Industries Inc . 
An accountant did not review the seller 's books before buying a business . 
The massages last 15 minutes and typically cost about $ 10 . 
Wall Street 
It is a maze of halls that connects film rooms , elaborate spas and weight-training centers that testify to a richer , more free-spending era . 
( Mr. Dingell , by the way , has decreed another NIH investigation of the Baltimore paper , adding to several previous investigations . 
That money also would have to be borrowed . 
Corn futures prices rose slightly while wheat prices settled mixed . 
In major market activity : Stock prices rose in light trading . 
A bill that would permit the Securities and Exchange Commission to monitor the financial condition of securities firms ' holding companies is facing tough opposition from some Wall Street firms , which argue that the legislation is unnecessary . 
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony . 
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe . 
This week , New York City announced a 10-point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers . 
There may be a few cases where the law breaking is well pinpointed and so completely non-invasive of the rights of others that it is difficult to criticize it . 
Last week , many Jaguar shareholders took their money and ran . 
The centers comprise a total of about 1.6 million square feet of retail space . 
A U.S. decision to refuse the IMF its capital increase , or limit it to 25 % , would bring a major change in international economic policy , and could not be taken lightly . 
If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of medical devices , color and food additives and all other non-drug products that required Food & Drug Administration approval . 
The company said it will move the storage and cross-blending operations to a site 23 miles northeast of Las Vegas to distance the operations from residential areas . 
Officials expect difficulty routing traffic through downtown San Francisco . 
`` They may feel emotionally secure now because they are not heavily in the stock market , '' says John H. Cammack , a financial planner with Alexandra Armstrong Advisors Inc. in Washington . 
`` That 's the problem with trying to hedge too much , '' said Mr. Brouwer . 
Paul Kleinaitis , an analyst at Duff & Phelps , says , `` Even though they have borrowing power , they have been disciplined about acquisitions . '' 
Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd . ( Japan ) -- $ 300 million of 8 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 17 , 1999 , priced at 101 3\/8 to yield 8.85 % less full fees annually , via Daiwa Europe Ltd . 
Leucadia , New York , estimated it had a pre-tax gain on the transaction of $ 57 million , including its part of Brae 's gain . 
The point was to answer the question in the conference title , not to try to create news stories for the event itself . 
At the same time , personal income was held down by the effects of Hurricane Hugo , which tore through parts of North and South Carolina in late September . 
`` It 's just like weather forecasting , '' says Energy Transportation trial attorney Harry Reasoner of Vinson & Elkins . 
Sunshine Biscuits Inc. , Woodbridge , N.J. , awarded its estimated $ 5 million account to Waring & LaRosa , New York . 
AMR was trading at around $ 84 yesterday before his withdrawal announcement , then immediately fell to about $ 76 . 
The purchase price will be established after Banc One has an opportunity to study the quality of the assets , Banc One said . 
Other provisions have a more subtle , but nonetheless real and detrimental effect on the international position of U.S. exchanges . 
Reversing an eight-year federal policy , the measure supports Medicaid abortions in cases of rape and incest , but Mr. Bush has so far refused to support any specific exemption beyond instances in which the mother 's life is in danger . 
WCRS 's restructuring reflects the growing importance of media buying in Europe , where the only way to get a good price on advertising time and space is to buy it in bulk . 
This somewhat-ambiguous assessment moves one Alliance portfolio manager to ask : `` So , what is this -- a Stealth recession ? '' 
First National Bank of Boston , for example , is offering certain new depositors an extra quarter of a percentage point on six-month and 12-month CDs . 
The broadcast and publishing company reported net climbed to $ 80.8 million , or $ 4.56 a share , from $ 62.6 million , or $ 3.55 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
The gain compared with a $ 1.10 billion decline in reserve assets in August to $ 62.36 billion , the department said . 
Investment capital is creeping back , and oil properties are fetching more . 
`` The intervention has been friendly , meaning that they really did n't have to do it , '' said Maria Fiorini Ramirez , money-market economist at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
The former U.S. attorney , who prosecuted targets ranging from Mafia dons to Wall Street executives , has succeeded in raising questions about Mr. Dinkins 's ethical standards , but so far has failed to generate excitement about his own candidacy . 
The experts said they expected Eastern would have to issue new debt to cover its costs , and that it would generate far less cash than anticipated . 
Philip Morris hopes that by taking its Bill of Rights theme to the airwaves , in addition to publications , it will reach the broadest possible audience . 
I know when dividends are due ; When bonds should be retired ; But what gets by me every time Is has the milk expired ? 
This occurred partly because of more competition as the number of new businesses surged . 
Mr. Bergsma said Akzo is likely to see strong profit growth from coatings as it realizes cost savings and other benefits from its greater scale . 
Mr. Whittle said that so far , three of the six schools that carried the program in a five-week test last spring have subscribed to the program . 
But TPA sales fell below levels for this year 's first and second quarter sales of $ 48 million , cooling investors . 
DeSoto Inc. said it is dismissing 200 employees as part of a restructuring aimed at producing pretax savings of $ 10 million annually . 
`` Is there really a commitment or an illusion of activity ? '' he asks . 
Wednesday , October 25 , 1989 
Transport rates wo n't be an opportunity for offsetting cost increases in other segments of the economy . '' 
His study showed that junk bonds over time had a cumulative default rate of 34 % . 
We did experience some difficulties with the initial LBO terms and , as your article made clear , successfully restructured our debt earlier this year , something those other retailers have yet to accomplish . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
`` People comfortable with the passive approach are using them for other strategies . '' 
The supply of experienced civil engineers , though , is tighter . 
EC officials say they are irked that the U.S. has set a specific timetable and is insisting on the `` elimination '' of export subsides , not just reduction . 
No safety problems with the products are known , the FDA said . 
Somewhere in between there must be a golden mean , perhaps measured by M-Whatever , but perhaps measured by purchasing power parity . 
Because Healthcare actually owes HealthVest $ 4.2 million in rent and mortgage payments each month , the amount due above the amount paid will be added to the three-year note . 
Mr. Englund added that next month 's data is n't likely to be much better , because it will be distorted by San Francisco 's earthquake . 
Rubbermaid Inc. , reflecting strong earnings growth , boosted its quarterly dividend 18 % , to 13 cents a share from 11 cents . 
But Judge Keenan said that privilege is meant to protect private utterances -- not litigation papers filed with foreign governments , as Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys maintained . 
Paramount Communications rose 5\/8 to 58 3\/4 , Time Warner climbed 1 7\/8 to 138 5\/8 , Walt Disney advanced 3 1\/8 to 127 1\/2 , MCA rose 1 1\/8 to 65 5\/8 and McGraw-Hill added 1\/2 to 67 1\/8 . 
Executives at Olivetti , whose earnings have been steadily sliding over the past couple of years , have acknowledged that in the past they have lagged at getting new technology to market . 
The Chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson , resigned because Prime Minister Thatcher would not fire her trusted adviser Sir Alan Walters . 
Sanraku Inc . ( Japan ) -- $ 100 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 7\/8 % coupon at par , via Nomura International . 
We ran into the house to get Mame , but the next tremor threw me in the air and bounced me as I tried to get to my feet . 
In Geneva , however , they supported Iran 's proposal because it would have left the Saudi percentage of the OPEC total intact , and increased actual Saudi volume to nearly 5.3 million barrels daily from five million . 
The IRS denied cost deductions because few of the temps got to go aboard . 
I 'm surprised he did n't advocate letting people loot , since that behavior can also be foreseen in a disaster and `` every individual has an incentive to alter the distribution of income in his favor . '' 
The division of auto maker Ford Motor Co. made its debut in the asset-backed securities market with the second-largest issue in the market 's four-year history . 
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares . 
But many others , who want to qualify for employee benefits and unemployment compensation , become tipsters for the IRS , says Jerry Lackey , who manages the IRS project 's force of nine agents in north and central Florida from Orlando . 
That 's the highest estimate for a single collection in auction history . 
A year ago , Japan 's Fair Trade Commission warned NEC about possible violations of anti-monopoly laws for discouraging retailers from discounting . 
Eight Oakland players hit homers , with centerfielder Dave Henderson getting two , both on Friday . 
Despite intermittent rallies in the past few years , improvements in the supply-demand balance have n't managed to push silver prices into a higher range . 
To be sure , the program has n't completely stalled . 
Norton announced earlier this month that it was exploring the possible sale of all or part of Eastman Christensen . 
When it made the offer , StatesWest declined to disclose details and asked Mesa to do the same . 
According to some who attended , the senators argued that the president should give the Democratic leaders in Congress a victory of their own to compensate them for allowing the president to win on the controversial capital-gains issue . 
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter-than-air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 . 
He furthermore denies that he relied too heavily on Sotheby 's or Mr. Wachter . 
RJR Holdings Capital Corp. 's 14.7 % convertible pay-in-kind securities maturing in 2009 closed 1\/2 higher at 86 1\/2 after trading as low as 85 1\/4 . 
The distributor is R.R. Bowker , New York . 
At first it attributed the slump to temporary business disruptions , but when no orders were logged in August and September , manager Donald Lai became convinced that business would be bad for many months . 
So far this month , the Soviets have bought about 7.2 million metric tons of U.S. corn . 
Jason Overseas Ltd. , proposed offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney & Co. and Mabon Nugent & Co . 
We may all hope that California 's voters will heed the scientific realities that their own university 's renowned Prof. Tom Jukes provides them and ignore the charlatanry profferred by their `` wealthy Hollywood weepers . '' 
But five weeks after the premiere , the series has floundered . 
Stocks of California-based thrifts also were hard hit . 
Dollar : 141.65 yen , off 0.45 ; 1.8300 marks , off 0.0100 . 
We 're sure some theologian can explain the difference between what the Republican consultants have been doing with HUD and what these gentleladies and gentlemen want to do with HUD . 
`` You ca n't ask one carrier to underwrite on social grounds when that might destroy it in the marketplace . '' 
If the deal closes , the two officers will draw salaries from the independent operation , not from Integrated . 
Go with high-beta stocks to get the biggest payoff from a bet on a bull market . 
On top of that , the Blue Bell , Pa. , concern took a $ 230 million charge related to the layoffs of 8,000 employees . 
`` With the futures-trading halt , you could only sell stocks '' to cut exposure to the market , says a money manager . 
USX 's profit dropped 23 % in the third quarter as improved oil results failed to offset weakness in the firm 's steel and natural gas operations . 
Says Allen D. Wheat , head of trading at Bankers Trust Co. : `` People are just plain scared . '' 
The Senate is expected to consider the bill shortly , says the senator 's spokesman . 
Moreover , the process is n't without its headaches . 
`` He still has n't proven his mettle as a big-league take-out artist , '' said airline analyst Kevin Murphy of Morgan Stanley & Co . 
In New Zealand 's tiny township of Kaitaia , which has had direct dialing for less than a year , about 30 angry phone-company customers questioned the size of their bills . 
In secondary trading , investment-grade corporate bonds ended 1\/8 to 1\/4 higher . 
He rejoined his family in January 1984 and began the long struggle for justice , pressing everyone from Hanoi municipal officials to National Assembly deputies for restoration of his rights . 
And much better at that than at { the price-cutting } he 's been doing recently . '' 
One group says the futures contribute to stock market volatility ; the other contends that futures are a sideshow of speculation that detracts from the stock market 's basic function of raising capital . 
That done , Ms. Volokh spoke with rampant eloquence about the many attributes she feels she was born with : an understanding of food , business , Russian culture , human nature , and parties . 
Quotron is n't profitable on Citicorp 's books because of the interest charges the New York bank holding company incurred in buying the financial-data concern for $ 680 million , says Ronald I. Mandle , analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein & Co . 
But a few new spots are opening . 
ORACLE SYSTEMS CORP. , Belmont , provider of computer programming and software services , annual sales $ 584 million , four of 12 offices and buildings in the Belmont and San Mateo areas were closed , 95 % of computer and telephone systems are operating , expects to be back to full operation by the end of the week . 
There 's little doubt that such a move would be immediately challenged in court -- and that it would quickly make its way to the Supreme Court to be ultimately resolved . 
The Indian stock markets have been on a five-year high , with dips and corrections , since Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi started liberalizing industry . 
Sea Containers added that the recapitalization plan will reduce its debt by more than $ 500 million . 
Heating oil and gasoline futures ended higher as well . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors have begun exploring alternative approaches to a Chapter 11 reorganization because they are unhappy with the carrier 's latest proposal . 
The successful launch continues a remarkable recovery in the U.S. space-science program . 
`` You can tell they 've got nothin ' . '' 
Kerry P. Charlet will become executive vice president , and retain his positions as chief financial officer and treasurer . 
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes . 
The program provides highly subsidized loans to any student whose family earns less than a particular amount . 
It must be able to handle most of the complaints that can not be solved in the trenches by managers and their subordinates , else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases . 
Among other provisions , the NIH guidelines would prohibit researchers and members of their immediate families from holding stock in any company that is affected by the outcome of their research . 
Marks & Spencer plans to open roughly 18 more U.S. stores in the next five years . 
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high . 
A successful vote would put pressure on the British government to lift the restriction . 
In a letter Monday to Mr. Saltzburg , the judge said he would `` reluctantly '' accept the resignation . 
All prime-time fare will be on tape-delay because of time differences with Norway , so the results can be announced on the 6 o'clock news . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Net product sales accounted for $ 76 million , up from $ 57.5 million a year earlier . 
`` Sometimes when people are making big changes , retiring from their jobs , moving to a new area , they lose their bearings , '' says Maury Elvekrog , a licensed psychologist who is now an investment adviser and principal in Seger-Elvekrog Inc. , a Birmingham , Mich. , investment-counseling firm . 
People got rich through takeovers in those days , as they do today . '' 
In 1983 , the loans were converted into equity , giving Manila 98 % of the bank , but with the understanding that Mr. Ty had repurchase rights . 
New York Stock Exchange volume was 237,960,000 shares . 
Mr. Berry said the timing was a coincidence and that his decision was unrelated to Mr. Roman 's departure . 
The drop accelerated in this year 's third quarter , underscoring an overall lack of stress in the U.S. economy , the company said . 
`` We 've had a good relationship with GE , which is the first time you could say that -- uh , let me withdraw that . 
When a large group of pilots once signed petitions opposing work-rule and compensation changes , he called a meeting in a company hangar and dressed them down for challenging his authority . 
Food production was ahead 1.7 % from June and 5.3 % from a year earlier . 
Proponents of the nationwide standards say the cost for car buyers would be about $ 500 per car . 
There is the new private jet , the platoon of assistants , invitations to the best parties , and television appearances on shows such as `` Prime Time Live . '' 
Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two-week trading account and the start of a new account . 
Which makes the chase car necessary . 
Analysts insist that even without help from a shaky stock market , which provided a temporary boost for bonds during the Oct. 13 stock market plunge , bond prices will start to climb on the prospects that the Federal Reserve will allow interest rates to move lower in the coming weeks . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Gillett risks losing his entire equity investment of about $ 100 million in SCI TV if the company ca n't be restructured . 
This exercise would reveal the true cost of a particular program by forcing the strategists to make hard decisions . 
In areas where the freeway made giant concrete sandwiches of itself lie cars that police say have been flattened into foot-thick slabs . 
Dow Jones has said it believes the $ 18-a-share price is fair to Telerate 's minority shareholders . 
11:54 p.m . 
Still other projects that have been announced but not yet started could put expenditures above $ 3 billion over the next few years . 
Kyocera advanced 80 yen to 5,440 . 
The TW buy-out may yet be financed . 
The SEC will probably vote on the proposal early next year , he said . 
Earlier this week , Genetics Institute reported wider losses in its fiscal third quarter ended Aug. 31 . 
Her Pa ( Howard Duff ) is the kind of guy who , while saying grace at the supper table , pauses at the word `` sin '' and glares at the daughter he has n't seen for two decades , because he knows in his heart that she enjoyed what happened in the cold-storage room , and has been indulging the same taste ever since in the fleshpots of Chicago . 
But to avoid the risk of rejection , the group does n't plan to submit the plan formally at a UAL board meeting today . 
`` Who can make the better decision , the guy who has 10 seconds to decide what to do or the guy with all the time in the world ? '' he says . 
It is the right-wing guerrillas who are aligned with the drug traffickers , not the left wing . 
Some credit concerns , such as Bernard Sands Credit Consultants Inc. , have told clients not to ship anything to Federated or Allied stores on credit . 
Employers Casualty , which reported a $ 53.9 million third-quarter loss late Friday , fell 2 1\/4 to 13 3\/4 . 
At a meeting here on Nov. 15 , the labor federation plans to launch a major effort to build grass-roots support for health-care overhaul . 
The stock market 's precipitous drop frightened foreign investors , who quickly bid the dollar lower . 
That is n't 51 % , and the claim is n't documented . 
The bankruptcy-court reorganization is being challenged before the Supreme Court by a dissident group of claimants because it places a cap on the total amount of money available to settle claims . 
In the case of Peter and Jon , the ink has been very , very black . '' 
And if a user is busy , `` he can set it for crisis mode : ` Do n't bother me with reports until Monday . ' '' 
London Metal Exchange warehouse stocks were down only 4,800 metric tons for the week to 84,500 tons ; expectations late last week were a drop of 10,000 to 15,000 tons . 
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims . 
In response to this , the Socialist prime minister has simply cited his free-market accomplishments . 
Like Lebanon , and however unfairly , Israel is regarded by the Arab world as a colonial aberration . 
Debt-free and profitable , the Boulder , Colo. , computer-products concern could borrow funds if it decides against an IPO now , he says . 
It takes five steps to make standard pencils , just one for the plastic type . 
`` The power of price as an appeal , which was very considerable in driving traffic in March and April , has diminished , '' says George Rosenbaum , president of Shapiro & Associates . 
Behind second-place Morgan Stanley were Kidder , Peabody & Co. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. and CS First Boston Inc. 's First Boston Corp. unit . 
The Senate passed the same bill yesterday , with a veto-proof majority of 67 . 
The picocassette recorder also helped transform the company 's reputation from follower to leading-edge innovator . 
Nguyen Van Chan is living proof that old ways die hard . 
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company . 
He added that Petco remained in compliance with all industry capital requirements during the market 's rapid plunge Friday and Monday 's rebound . 
Pacific Gas & Electric fell 3\/8 to 19 5\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 1.7 million shares and Pacific Telesis Group slipped 5\/8 to 44 5\/8 as the companies worked to restore service to areas affected by the quake . 
But gay rights advocates are angry , too . 
But that 's less than Chrysler officials had hoped when they set ambitious production schedules for the Toledo plant earlier this year . 
Most other junk bond issues finished a quarter-point lower on rumors that Campeau Corp. was filing for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code . 
After hours of negotiating that stretched late into Thursday night , underwriters priced the 12-year issue of resettable senior subordinated debentures at par to yield 14.75 % , higher than the 14.5 % that had been expected . 
Now , though , enormous costs for earthquake relief will pile on top of outstanding costs for hurricane relief . 
The stock market 's dizzying gyrations during the past few days have made a lot of individual investors wish they could buy some sort of insurance . 
When the IAFP recently assembled other industry groups to discuss common standards that might be applied to planners , Mr. Gargan 's group was excluded . 
An options contract gives the holder the right to buy ( call ) or sell ( put ) a specific amount of stock , or in this case the value of a stock index , based on a predetermined price within a given time period . 
Mr. Blinder said the change was n't related to the brokerage 's recent troubles , which have included sharp declines in earnings , run-ins with the securities regulators and lawsuits by former customers . 
`` Mattel 's world-wide volume has grown 25 % in a climate of relatively flat industry sales , '' said John W. Amerman , chairman . 
It may seem trivial to worry about the World Series amid the destruction to the Bay Area wrought by Tuesday 's quake , but the name of this column is `` On Sports , '' so I feel obliged to do so . 
The Kabul regime would fall . 
The CBS official said that price sounded fine . 
The 30-share index closed 11.6 points higher at 1772.6 . 
NORTH SIDE SAVINGS BANK directors declared an initial dividend of 10 cents a share , payable Dec. 5 to stock of record Nov. 21 . 
The downside is limited . '' 
He said he expects U.S. interest rates to decline , dragging the dollar down to around 1.80 marks by the end of January after a short-lived dash to 1.87 marks by the end of November . 
Some California thrift stocks also fell , including Golden West Financial Corp. and H.F. Ahmanson & Co. , which reported lower earnings yesterday . 
Though his operation was registered and used only scrap , he was accused of conducting illegal business and possessing illegal materials . 
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services . 
Step 2 examines how four progressively lower budget scenarios would change the baseline and how these changes would affect our national security . 
At the end of the third quarter McDonald 's had 10,873 units operating world-wide . 
`` But we hope to keep a balance between the office and the family . '' 
US Facilities Corp. said Robert J. Percival agreed to step down as vice chairman of the insurance holding company . 
If parents are dissatisfied with a school , they should have the option of switching to another . 
Meanwhile , Japan 's Fair Trade Commission said it was considering launching an investigation into whether the bid , the equivalent of less than a penny , violates anti-monopoly laws . 
Mr. Krenz does n't seem to be the knee-jerk hardliner many initially thought he was when the 52-year-old Politburo member was selected last week to succeed Erich Honecker . 
U.S. diplomacy has done it before , and it will likely do it again . 
Mr. Eisenberg was senior executive vice president and chief operating officer . 
`` I thought that Salinger might by being taken in another factual context come back to haunt us . 
You see , Marshall had this thing about the Navy and the Marines -- he wanted to make them part of the Army but Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal blocked him . 
He says his son has n't paid for the shares . 
Brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises now make up just 40 % of the French tobacco market , half the level of about two decades ago . 
The fact sheet , dated April 1986 , says on page three : `` If the price paid for a CD purchased in the secondary market ... is higher than the accreted value in the case of zero-coupon CDs , the difference ... is not insured ... . 
David Tunick , the president of David Tunick Inc. , a New York gallery , says scholars question the authenticity of the Rubens . 
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods . 
The electronics maker and retailer previously estimated the sale price at between $ 100 million and $ 200 million for Datatronic 's Victor microcomputer and Micronic hand-held computer subsidiaries . 
This is Bobby Thomson . '' 
I view this as a building . '' 
The National Cancer Institute also projected that overall U.S. mortality rates from lung cancer should begin to drop in several years if cigarette smoking continues to abate . 
While some automotive programs have been delayed , they have n't been canceled . '' 
Ford ca n't make a full-fledged bid for Jaguar until U.K. government restrictions expire . 
South African gold stocks closed firmer . 
ITT Corp. , its insurance business hurt by Hurricane Hugo , reported a 4 % decline in third-quarter net income , despite a 4.2 % rise in revenue . 
-- `` Playing intercollegiate sports does n't give you a lot of time to spend with others . 
He takes issue with projections that do n't factor in students ' own contribution , which reduces most parents ' burden substantially . 
Stocks rose in London , but fell again in Frankfurt . 
Of course East Germany , true to its tradition , could tighten its borders yet further . 
Mr. Thompson says his exchange is n't waiting for the results of the Chicago exchanges ' cooperation . 
Allegany Health System -- three-part issue of $ 156.7 million of revenue bonds , tentatively priced through a Morgan Stanley & Co. group . 
`` The market is beginning to disassociate itself from Wall Street , '' said one New York trader . 
`` There was no problem at all , '' says Douglas Ford , chief executive officer of the futures exchange . 
On Nov. 15 , when Brazilians elect a president for the first time in 29 years , the country 's 82 million voters will have 22 candidates to choose from . 
Vanguard Group said it had a more than $ 50 million net inflow into its stock funds last week . 
That figure has been inching up for several years . 
On the surface , the overall unemployment rate is expected to be little changed from September 's 5.3 % . 
The abrupt management change sparked widespread speculation that Mr. Roman had been pushed out of Ogilvy 's top spot by Mr. Sorrell . 
A bloated payroll and pervasive graft caused Pemex 's operating costs to balloon to 95 cents of each $ 1 in sales , far above the industry norm . 
The hottest displays were items that insulate passengers from bumps , potholes and other rigors of the road . 
In the 1988 quarter , many farmers were forced to sell their cattle to feedlot operators because the drought dried out the pasture on their ranches . 
PWA did n't disclose the expected net cost of the fleet overhaul , but a Toronto-based analyst estimated it at about $ 450 million ( US ) , excluding replacement costs for the 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA plans to sell , and purchase costs for as many as 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft that PWA previously ordered . 
Sibra Products Inc. , Greenwich , Conn. , awarded its Cardinal Amber Light beer account to Heidelberg & Associates , New York . 
Despite fears the mine may be partially nationalized by the new Namibian government following next month 's elections freeing the country from South African control , De Beers engineers are working to extend the mine 's productive life for another 25 years , from the current estimate of 10 . 
Capcom Futures is a Chicago subsidiary of Capcom Financial Services Ltd. , a London financial firm that was implicated last year in a scheme to launder drug money . 
The relatively small academic conferences that have attracted conservative guests -- and press scrutiny -- in recent years are much more narrowly targeted and austere than the thousand-person get-togethers in fancy digs and exotic locales of years past . 
The office , a Treasury Department unit that is the successor to the Federal Home Loan Bank Board , said this was the first announcement of an enforcement action since this year 's thrift-bailout legislation ordered that all such actions by federal banking regulators be made public . 
Now there are more lines connected to the chairman 's office , and the market-monitoring computer has been moved next to his desk . 
The company has denied the allegations but has negotiated a proposed $ 18 million settlement of related lawsuits . 
Consumers will be able to switch on their HDTV sets and get all the viewing benefits the high-tech medium offers . 
And that , naturally , exacerbates price movements . 
There are n't any such listings for asset-backed securities . 
Labeling an omnibus budget a `` bill '' ca n't deprive the President of his power to veto items . 
Says M.J. Pherwani , chairman of the Unit Trust of India : The `` markets are headed for growth unheard of and unseen before . '' 
However , he said he planned to spend the weekend making calls to gather additional support . 
Plump Beau , looking eager to please with his arched eyebrows and round face , plays the older brother , Frank . 
The department will make payment for bills maturing on Nov. 2 to all investors who have requested reinvestment of their bills on that date , as well as to all account holders who have previously requested payment . 
The place costs nearly $ 2 million a year to maintain . 
`` We 're saying companies have to pay increasing attention to balance sheets , '' said Mr. Kerschner . 
That was when the exchange took a new tack by publishing monthly statistics listing the top 15 program trading firms . 
There 's contract revenue from { limited research and development } partnerships . 
The walls of the church are covered with leaflets , news clippings , and handwritten notes associated with the country 's political opposition . 
Last year , venture capitalists spent an estimated $ 600 million to finance start-up companies in medical and biotechnology businesses , according to the National Venture Capital Association , a trade group . 
The wind , stinging with sand , never seems to stop . 
So glasnost is not a value woven with steel threads into the fabric of Russian society . 
The market also moved at early afternoon on news that Jaguar shares were being temporarily suspended at 746 pence ( $ 11.80 ) each . 
The size of the issue was decreased from an originally planned $ 95.2 million . 
But it did n't sing . 
SHORT INTEREST in International Mobile Machines Corp. fell to 3,102,935 shares in the month ended Oct. 13 from 3,420,936 in September . 
About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work . 
The garage owners say they would benefit because car owners would be less likely to go back to dealers for the simpler repairs after two years . 
Workers at Peugeot S.A. 's car plant at Sochaux , in eastern France , voted to end a six-week-old strike that has cost the Peugeot group production of 60,000 automobiles , a company spokesman said . 
Robert Crandall , with the Brookings Institute , agrees . 
Exchange officials reasoned that they would n't have been able to make such a rotation with the time remaining Friday afternoon , and with the stock-index futures on the verge of closing for a second and final time , the CBOE reasoned that its best course was to remain closed . 
That cut short the rally in Treasury bonds and depressed prices moderately below late Monday 's levels . 
`` To the professionals in the trade it did n't cause much surprise . 
Computer Associates International Inc. , Garden City , N.Y. , and Digital Equipment Corp. said they agreed to jointly develop software to help manage Digital 's Vax computers . 
The plan creates a new category of students from `` socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds , '' a concept not yet defined , and gives them about 10 % of the class . 
Short-term rates rose yesterday at the government 's weekly Treasury bill auction , compared with the previous bill sale . 
`` Everything is going through firehoops right now , and { Chicago & North Western } is no exception , '' said Mariel Clemensen , vice president , high-yield research , at Citicorp . 
Since Mr. Shevardnadze did not address this topic before the Supreme Soviet , the Soviet Union 's official position remains that the anthrax deaths were caused by tainted meat . 
Sequa Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9 5\/8 % notes due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 99.75 to yield 9.664 % . 
October was an edgy month for the practitioners of glasnost , the official Soviet policy of allowing more candor from the nation 's media . 
But in general , all foreign-trading companies are feeling the pinch . 
Bus schedules were sometimes in disarray , stranding commuters such as Marilyn Sullivan . 
CBS News sends scripts to agents , who pass them along to clients . 
And Mr. Gilmore cautions that there may be limits on how much the contract can grow because the Hong Kong dollar is n't a widely traded currency . 
( Europe had proved even less hospitable than North America . 
It 's an activity she feels she can do for life , and by pulling a golf cart , she still gets a good workout . 
Peter Coors runs the Coors Brewing Co. unit , the nation 's fourth-largest brewery that accounted for $ 1.24 billion of Adolph Coors 's $ 1.52 billion in 1988 sales . 
That means goods could be manufactured closer to customers , saving shipping costs , he said . 
Twenty-five years ago the poet Richard Wilbur modernized this 17th-century comedy merely by avoiding `` the zounds sort of thing , '' as he wrote in his introduction . 
The surge in production , analysts say , raises questions about capacity outpacing demand . 
One big question now is the likely role of Mr. Fournier 's allies . 
The measure provides $ 321 million to maintain services but would sharply curb the power of the current board until successors are agreed to by the Bush administration . 
For a while , it looked like the deal -- not to mention the courtroom itself -- was on the verge of collapse . 
Genentech 's 1988 sales were $ 335 million , both from licensing and its own products . 
Lockheed reported a $ 32 million third-quarter net loss , largely because of cost overruns on fixed-price military contracts . 
But many economists pointed to a 1.8 % September rise in orders outside the volatile transportation category . 
They carry a 7 % coupon . 
Third-quarter operating profit of the specialty-chemicals group declined slightly to $ 24.3 million from $ 24.9 million . 
Although the polyester and rayon markets remain mostly bleak , Akzo has high hopes for some emerging fiber businesses , such carbon fibers and aramid , extremely strong fibers used to reinforce tires and metals and to make such products as bullet-proof vests . 
During the coming months , layers of management will be peeled away and regional offices will become more autonomous . 
The Nasdaq bank index fell 5.00 to 432.61 , while the insurance index fell 3.56 to 528.56 , and the `` other finance '' index dropped 3.27 to 529.32 . 
The trust also will receive $ 75 million a year starting in 1991 on a bond it holds from Manville . 
As for California being a state run by liberal environmental loonies , let 's not forget where Ronald Reagan came from . 
He says he wants to `` influence '' but not `` manage '' companies . 
Florida National stock closed unchanged at $ 25.875 in national over-the-counter trading . 
Previously , Columbia did n't have to adjust the book value of its junk-bond holdings to reflect declines in market prices , because it held the bonds as long-term investments . 
Mr. Peters claims he reminded Mr. Ross that Robert Daly and Terry Semel , the top executives of the Warner Brothers studio , had `` repeatedly agreed that we had every right to accept '' an offer such as Sony 's . 
In the newspapers , on the radio and TV , psyllium is everywhere . '' 
In an Oct. 19 review of `` The Misanthrope '' at Chicago 's Goodman Theatre ( `` Revitalized Classics Take the Stage in Windy City , '' Leisure & Arts ) , the role of Celimene , played by Kim Cattrall , was mistakenly attributed to Christina Haag . 
It is a quick fix for a complex problem . 
However , the bridge , which charges a $ 1 toll each way , does have `` loss of income '' insurance to replace lost revenue if the operation of the bridge is interrupted for more than seven days . 
William R. Attridge resigned those posts , as well as a seat on NESB 's board . 
The 41-year-old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once-moribund music division in his six years at the company . 
In other action yesterday , the high court : 
But this devastated the U.S. manufacturing sector , laying the seeds of protectionism . 
Amcast Industrial Corp. said it plans to repurchase 500,000 shares , or about 7 % of its shares outstanding , in open market transactions . 
Ed Voyles Olds recently established a special section in the service department for owners whose cars are less than a year old , so they get quicker service . 
In other active shares , Trusthouse Forte shed 10 to 294 on volume of 6.4 million shares after a Barclays De Zoete Wedd downgrading , while Hillsdown Holdings , a food products concern , was boosted 2 to 271 after it disclosed it would seek shareholder approval to begin share repurchases . 
Mr. Soule says his only beef was that the massages were being given in a company conference room ; the department 's supervised health facility would have been fine . 
Then he canceled production of the Navy 's most important carrier aircraft , the F-14 and the A-6 . 
And IBM worries that the Japanese will take over that equipment market , too , unless U.S. semiconductor companies produce enough memory chips here to keep U.S. equipment makers healthy . 
Last year 's results included earnings from discontinued operations of $ 13.1 million , or 19 cents a share . 
Sheraton and Pan Am said they are assured under the Soviet joint-venture law that they can repatriate profits from their hotel venture . 
`` Some investors will tiptoe back in , '' says Richard Ross , a market research director for Elrick & Lavidge in Chicago . 
DEC shares rose $ 1.375 to $ 89.75 apiece in consolidated New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday . 
In early trading in Tokyo Monday , the Nikkei index fell 148.85 points to 35378.44 . 
Every day , Mr. Levy checks orders from Campeau department store chains , trying to guess if he will be paid . 
In fiscal 1984 , before Mr. Gandhi came to power , only $ 810 million was raised . 
The days may be numbered for animated shows featuring Alf , the Karate Kid and the Chipmunks . 
When Christie 's officials asked why the firm was n't picked to sell the Dorrance collection , representatives of the Dorrance family `` told us it was a question of financial considerations , '' said Michael Findlay , Christie 's head of impressionist and modern paintings . 
I estimate that these mismeasurements as detailed by Martin N. Baily and Robert J. Gordon add a further 0.12 percentage point to the downward bias in the growth rate of real business product . 
I believe the U.S. is becoming more patient and circumspect , '' he said . 
Mrs. Stinnett says she never believed in ghosts before , but lately her vacuum cleaner turned itself on , a telephone flew off its stand , doors slammed inexplicably , and she heard footsteps in her empty kitchen . 
A couple we 'll call the Blandings spent nearly $ 800,000 on a 15-acre plot and main home and have an old $ 175,000 mortgage exempt from the new limit on mortgage-interest deductions . 
The agreement requires approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board and National Companies and Securities Commission , and from shareholders of Paxus . 
But the specialty-material segment slowed somewhat and consumer products continued below expectations . 
British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . 
Orkem declined to give details of its offer , saying only that the bid will be submitted for approval by the board of the British company . 
McDonald 's closed at $ 31.375 , up $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
`` It 's very revealing and soul baring , '' said Ms. Volokh . 
Roderick D. Reed III , who was also chief operating officer of FirstSouth , could receive a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine . 
U.K. sales for last year 's quarter were about $ 3 million . 
In addition , products such as voice-activated tape recorders would have to include beep tones and labels explaining federal laws on eavesdropping . 
Bay Financial Corp. , hurt by high debts and deteriorating real estate investments , reported a wider loss for the fourth quarter and said it might be forced to seek a bankruptcy-court reorganization if it ca n't renegotiate its borrowings . 
In a statement , Alex Kroll , Young & Rubicam 's chairman , said `` under the present circumstances { we } have agreed that it is prudent to discontinue that contract . '' 
Kawasaki-Rikuso , a freight company , set up its own software subsidiary this year and is spending nearly a year 's profit to more than double the computer terminals at its main office . 
Taken together , the auto-sales and durable-goods reports confirmed perceptions that the economy is bogging down . 
`` The issue was very well-received -- Disney is such a well-known , you can say world-wide , name , '' said Vernon Dempsey , head trader of European equities at Kleinwort Benson Ltd. , which is making a market in the issue . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
This would make the market-oriented system more attractive to Eastern countries , they argue , and allow greater economic aid and technological know-how to flow from West to East . 
Most see little reason to doubt that their cash will go toward these noble goals . 
The jewelery chain was put up for sale in June . 
I am waiting . 
Oregon -- $ 100 million of general obligation veterans ' tax notes , Series 1989 , dated Nov. 1 , 1989 , and due Nov. 1 , 1990 , through a Chemical Securities Inc. group . 
The president of CBS News , David W. Burke , did n't return numerous telephone calls . 
And he questions the White House dedication . 
Sandoz AG , a major Swiss chemical and pharmaceutical group , said that its group sales rose 25 % to 9.482 billion francs ( $ 5.80 billion ) in the first nine months of this year , with strong gains in all divisions . 
Rochester Community Savings Bank -- 
Most National Council members are themselves disabled or are parents of children with disabilities . 
Best of all , they add , these growth issues , unlike their big blue-chip cousins on the New York Stock Exchange , are languishing at depressed prices . 
Companies that only recently were thriving find themselves scrambling to survive . 
A spokesman for the retail jeweler said the company would provide more details today and that it expects to reach a definitive agreement by the end of the week . 
`` This action will continue to keep operating expenses in line '' with revenue , said J. David Hann , president and chief executive officer of Los Angeles-based Quotron . 
Short-term rates increased . 
Such a pace of growth , though respectable for mature industrialized economies , would be unusually slow for Hong Kong . 
In addition , Searle will give pharmacists brochures on the use of prescription drugs for distribution in their stores . 
Linda and Michael ( Ms. Close and Mr. Woods ) , who seem to be pushing 40 , live in a large and tastefully decorated home in suburban Seattle . 
Further , many institutions today holding troubled retailers ' debt securities will be reticent to consider additional retailing investments . 
Officials said South Korean exports to Europe dropped 5.3 % to $ 3.02 billion while imports from there went up 17 % to $ 2.61 billion . 
The Japanese discount rate is the central bank 's base rate on loans to commercial banks . 
An estimated $ 25.8 million is allocated to continue work in Oman . 
On the contrary , it is too responsive to an incorrect view of the public interest . 
Will he try to gain a seat on or control of the board and force a radical split of USX into separate oil and steel companies ? 
So it was with the Hiss case a generation later , when Alger Hiss became a lightning rod for the anxieties of the Cold War and conflicting attitudes toward the New Deal he had served . 
Law-enforcement authorities say that at any given time , a host of fraudulent telemarketing operations mingle with the many legitimate businesses here . 
The loan guarantee would amount to about $ 127.5 million , or 85 % of the cost of the aircraft . 
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion . 
Until the tanker spill , Big Oil was slowly convincing authorities it could safely produce from such places . 
In such an environment , market makers can suffer huge losses both on trades made that day at steadily dropping prices and in the value of their inventories of shares . 
That culture , carefully crafted by Mr. Smith , leaves little , if any , room for unions . 
Whoever constitute the local Left Bank come out in force , dressed in black , along with a smattering of yuppies who want to be on the cutting edge . 
Earlier this year , the U.S. attorney indicted 45 floor traders and one clerk at the two big Chicago exchanges . 
The offering is scheduled to expire on Nov. 30 . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Expect brushbacks but no beanballs , says Mr. McEnaney . 
Also , the Big Board met with angry stock specialists . 
NEW JERSEY MERGER : 
Guardian Royal Exchange Assurance PLC , a major British composite insurer , said it is taking a stake in Nationwide Anglia Building Society 's estate agency business as part of a plan to create a range of commercial linkages in the U.K. and Europe . 
`` How interesting . '' 
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock-index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
`` This project is ready to move , '' said State Urban Development Corp. Chairman Vincent Tese . 
`` We used the data to redesign our sorting system and put our resources where they could do the most good . '' 
A National Guard job assumed by Capt. Noriega in 1964 -- as chief of the transit police in David City , capital of the Chiriqui Province -- was tailor-made for an aspiring super-spy . 
So the impact on the $ 950 billion mutual fund industry as a whole probably will be slight . 
Despite the risks , the deals can be an attractive way for Japanese banks to increase their presence in the U.S. market , bank analysts say . 
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one-eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks , down from 1.8578 marks late Friday , and at 141.90 yen , down from 142.43 yen late Friday . 
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index-arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year . 
Now shifting his scene from the country he left at five to the England he has lived in for nearly 30 years , he has fashioned a novel in the mode of Henry James and E.M. Forster . 
The FCC `` did n't say I could n't do it again , '' he said . 
In fact , the last time they played this badly was in 1960 , their opening season . 
Although many of the transactions related to those securities have n't been completed , Columbia said the ultimate gain on the sale of those assets will range from $ 200 million to $ 300 million . 
The Conner team wo n't be able to negotiate with corporate sponsors until the suit is resolved and the race site is determined , Mr. Smith said , and the syndicate 's budget could easily reach $ 30 million . 
Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis , holds that the recent stock-market volatility `` increases the possibility of economic recession and reinforces the bad news '' from recent trade deficit , employment and housing reports . 
Health benefits are contentious issues in the strikes against Pittston Co. and Nynex Corp . 
As a result , the official said , they may be forced into a no-win situation in which they make risky loans that they could have to write off later . 
`` It 'll never be like what Bristol-Myers does , '' he adds , `` but it helps establish recognition with the public -- and with banks . '' 
The California pension fund , which has $ 16 billion already invested in real estate and mortgages , could be a valuable funding source for that development , although it is n't obliged to make further investments . 
The price level in the U.S. is now about 4 1\/4 times as high as it was 30 years ago . 
The company attributed the decrease in part to the exclusion of the company 's British sales from the current year 's figures as a result of the subsidiary 's status as a proposed discontinued operation and , in part , to lower sales in certain key foreign and domestic accounts . 
With the market overbuilt , builders are finding limited opportunities and increased risks . 
The administration lacks a comprehensive health-care policy . 
Felix Siemienas is destroying it now . 
So despite the GM-Jaguar romance , analysts say Ford by last Friday had boosted its Jaguar holding to about 11 % of the luxury auto maker 's shares outstanding from 10.4 % early last week . 
On Tuesday afternoon , Kemper told Bear , Stearns & Co. , General Electric Co. 's Kidder , Peabody & Co. unit , Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer & Co. that it will no longer do business with them because of their commitment to index arbitrage , officials inside and outside these firms confirmed . 
Besides creating joint manufacturing ventures , the accord is expected to give GM about a 15 % stake that eventually would rise to about 30 % . 
But in the end , it must be rejected for logical as well as moral reasons . 
`` But when it does matter , then it 's the only thing that matters . '' 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to 
The offer will expire at 5 p.m. EST on Nov. 6 , unless extended again . 
Specifically , Fujitsu won the right to design the specifications for a computerized system that will show water lines throughout the city . 
He did n't rule out negotiations with Ford , however . 
Japanese retail executives say the main reason they are reluctant to jump into the fray in the U.S. is that -- unlike manufacturing -- retailing is extremely sensitive to local cultures and life styles . 
`` If we do n't do something ... we wo n't be able to catch up with demand , '' says a Dentsu spokesman . 
In the additional time they provide even more order imbalances might pile up , as would-be sellers finally get their broker on the phone . 
Belo said it increased its effective tax rate to 52 % from 47 % to account for potential liabilities related to an Internal Revenue Service investigation of its tax returns for the years 1984 through 1988 . 
PWA said two of the Boeing 767-300ER aircraft scheduled for delivery in 1990 would be leased out for two to five years . 
Also , municipal bonds lured buying because the stock market remains wobbly , traders contended . 
He succeeds C. Benjamin Brooks Jr. , who will retire Nov. 1 . 
The troubled West German computer company said , in a statement to its employees , that the number of persons working in product development will be reduced world-wide to 2,440 from 2,888 by the end of 1990 . 
The prices of corn futures contracts jumped amid rumors that the Soviet Union is keeping up its dizzying October buying binge of U.S. corn . 
Triggering the re-examination is a recent city council decision to give preference in letting city contracts to suppliers with a stated policy on child care for their employees . 
Polysilicon is used in making integrated circuits . 
Racial gerrymandering -- creating separate black and white districts -- says that we have discarded that belief in our ability to live together and govern ourselves as one people . 
The auction house , known for its sales of top-drawer 19th and 20th century works , is providing `` a service to clients who do n't want to sell just their fabulous oil paintings , '' says Villa Grisebach 's Vivien Reuter . 
The filing also said certain provisions which apply to persons acquiring 20 % or more of Intelogic common stock , were waived by Intelogic for Mr. Edelman , who is chairman of the company . 
Couch-potato jocks watching ABC 's `` Monday Night Football '' can now vote during halftime for the greatest play in 20 years from among four or five filmed replays . 
The company said Maria Sole Agnelli Teodorani , sister of Fiat Chairman Giovanni Agnelli , agreed to trade her shares in IFI for new ordinary shares in the limited partnership , which will give her control of 4.67 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co . 
The $ 4 billion in bonds break down as follows : $ 1 billion in five-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.25 % and a yield to maturity of 8.33 % ; $ 1 billion in 10-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.375 % and a yield to maturity of 8.42 % ; $ 2 billion in 30-year bonds with five-year call protection , a coupon rate of 8.75 % and a yield to maturity of 9.06 % . 
`` And yet his company is one reason why rights are so high today . '' 
Five of the six categories of weapons under negotiation have n't even been defined . 
The settlement prices of the December , February and April gold contracts were even with Monday 's final prices . 
Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate-beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income-tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts . 
`` It may take five years to break even in Japan , '' says John A. Siniscal , who runs the Asia-Pacific office for McCormack & Dodge , a U.S. software company . 
The problem , says Mr. D'Arcy , a psychologist , is that `` it 's very hard to get any hard measures on how stress affects job performance . 
There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals , '' he said , adding that he expects prices to `` inch up '' in the near term . 
`` There was no loan , there is no loan , there never shall be a loan , '' the judge wrote the bank on his judicial stationery , according to the report . 
Municipals ended mixed , while mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose . 
On the campaign stump , he often points out that he was the only Board of Estimate member to vote against a controversial real-estate project at Manhattan 's Columbus Circle . 
As recounted in a stipulation that summarized government documents released for the North trial , Mr. Noriega offered to assassinate the Sandinista leadership in exchange `` for a promise to help clean up Noriega 's image and a commitment to lift the { U.S. . } ban on military sales to the Panamanian Defense Forces . '' 
But the average Indian had tremendous hope in the youthful leader and his promise to make both government and the ruling party more effective and less corrupt . 
Two hours later , the first word emerged on Capitol Hill that the administration had agreed to reconciliation with no such assurances from Senate Democrats . 
With the new TV spots , Ogilvy & Mather has opted for a family style with lots of laughter , hugs and tears . 
Sidhpur and adjacent districts are the only places in the world where psyllium is grown in large quantities . 
Its Opel line has a solid image and a recent string of highly successful new models , but it lacks Jaguar 's cachet . 
Murata Mfg. Co. said it is establishing a subsidiary in Britain to produce electric parts , including ceramic condensers . 
On Asia-Pacific prosperity : `` If America can keep up the present situation -- her markets open for another 15 years , with adjustments , and Japan can grow and not cut back , and so too , Korea , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Singapore , ASEAN , Australia and New Zealand -- then in 15 years , the economies of these countries would be totally restructured to be able to almost sustain growth by themselves . '' 
That loss compared with a year-earlier profit of A$ 273.5 million . 
When Robert McDuffie was 14 , he got a chance to play in the starting lineup for his high school basketball team in Macon , Ga . 
Meanwhile , the broad-based Financial Times 100-share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session . 
The day before the quake , Seagate completed three days of emergency training and drills . 
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said . 
They have since mellowed , although one senior Young & Rubicam executive , echoing others , said : `` I think ad agencies owe Carl { Spielvogel } a vote of thanks for getting him out of the consulting business . '' 
This is not only because it kills the unborn , a job at which it actually is not outstandingly efficient , zapping only 50 % to 85 % of them depending on which study you read ( prostaglandin , taken in conjunction with the pill , boosts the rate to 95 % ) . 
`` With the decline in stock prices and continued low or stable interest rates , stocks are representing a better value all the time , '' Renaissance President Frank W. Terrizzi said yesterday . 
But the computer was proving a hard sell because of its high price , a lack of software and an optical data-storage device that was too slow . 
But their value as investments can be decimated by inflation , which erodes the purchasing power of bonds ' fixed-dollar interest payments . 
The group plans to meet in a month to discuss production strategy for early 1990 . 
It 's unfortunate so many must learn the hard way . 
Neither Mr. Taylor nor Mr. Watson have been charged with criminal wrongdoing . 
Consumers pay the bill for all this in the price of a refrigerator or an air-conditioned car . 
Hanshin Electric Railway Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 150 million of bonds due Nov. 2 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par , via Nomura International Ltd . 
All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale and image -- but have n't done much for its market share . 
The agreement marks Bausch & Lomb 's first venture selling its eye care products for use by veterinarians . 
A new issue , Exabyte , surged 2 1\/8 from its initial offering price to close at 12 1\/8 . 
It is the line beyond which the press can report not only on the bankruptcy of factories but on the failures of even admirable leaders . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Macmillan said Berlitz intends to pay quarterly dividends on the stock . 
But when foreign traders tried to do business , they discovered that the eagerness of Chinese trade officials was just a smokescreen . 
But some dealers are negotiating looser terms , while others decline to deal at all . 
The San Francisco-based telecommunications company said it carries $ 150 million of earthquake insurance with a $ 10 million deductible provision . 
In a typical year , up to 20 % of the work force goes to personnel specialists with complaints of unfair treatment . 
The trust , created as part of Manville 's bankruptcy-law reorganization to compensate victims of asbestos-related diseases , owns 7.2 million of the Series A convertible preferred shares , which are each convertible into 10 Manville common shares . 
Joe Frank Sanderson , who is currently chairman , chief executive and treasurer , will remain chairman . 
He has good control . 
They wo n't have that incentive because they wo n't have that market . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors committee backed off a move to come up with its own alternative proposals to the carrier 's bankruptcy reorganization plans , according to sources familiar with the committee . 
The Treasury said Taiwan has liberalized its exchange rate system in the past year . 
Commodities : 
And Alcan Aluminium Ltd. yesterday reported net income slid 30 % to $ 180 million , or 77 cents a share , from $ 258 million , or $ 1.07 a share . 
Although government-controlled , Dassault still is run by the founder 's son , Chairman Serge Dassault , who has fiercely protected his company 's independence . 
Was this why some of the audience departed before or during the second half ? 
Put option on March 31 , 1992 , at a fixed 107 3\/4 to yield 3.5 % . 
The farmers ran a boycott , and meat disappeared from the shops . 
Mr. Kaiser said there were no fundamental factors moving these markets . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
About 45,000 children in Los Angeles County are under court supervision , Mr. Edelman says , and an average of 1,500 new children are added each month . 
LDI Corp. , Cleveland , said it will offer $ 50 million in commercial paper backed by lease-rental receivables . 
Trifari now trains sales help to advise customers on the best earring styles . 
GE pleaded guilty and paid a fine of more than $ 1 million in the Minuteman case , which involved some of the same individuals and operations that are at the center of the dispute in the Philadelphia court . 
When traders see the Fed is in the exchange market it may make them tread a little carefully , for fear of what the central bank may do . 
Industry executives say that although the two executives used to clash more frequently , the WPP takeover brought them closer together . 
`` As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , '' he said . 
Two new Remics totaling $ 900 million were announced by Freddie Mac yesterday . 
Even if B.A.T receives approval for the restructuring , the company will remain in play , say shareholders and analysts , though the situation may unfold over the next 12 months , rather than six . 
Skeptics wonder whether mega-resorts such as the Mirage will be able to squeeze a profit from their cash flow . 
The drug AZT , the only treatment currently on the market , claims only to help stop the spread of AIDS , not to cure it . 
A good Delicious can indeed be delicious . 
Michael late yesterday announced a $ 3.8 million stock buy-back program . 
`` While the overall picture is very encouraging , significant corporate tax avoidance continues , '' the study said . 
In the final trading , the House was insistent on setting aside $ 500 million to carry out base closings ordered to begin in fiscal 1990 . 
Belgium 's inflation has been rising steadily for the past year , but the ministry said the latest rise is slower than gains in September and August . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 135.9 million shares . 
In Tokyo , a JAL spokesman said he could n't confirm or deny the latest Japanese report . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.60 % one month ; 8.60 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) . 
Finally , Tuesday 's California earthquake initially knocked 3.7 % off B.A.T 's share price in London yesterday because of fears of the potential claims to Los Angeles-based Farmers , which has a substantial portion of its property and casualty exposure in California . 
`` Substituting a rule of thumb for your own judgment '' can be a mistake , he says . 
LDI leases and sells data-processing , telecommunications and other high-tech equipment . 
Voyager 2 sent back spectacular photos of Neptune and its moon , Triton , this summer . 
`` What you 're really asking is , Are the profit and loss margins anticipated on the events acceptable to management ? '' he says . 
Some of those debtholders have filed a suit , saying they believed they were buying government-insured certificates of deposit . 
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer . 
Mr. Mahfouz 's Cairo also has Sufi sheiks and saintly wives who look to God , not crime , for their salvation . 
In 1987 , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters contributed their company 's assets in exchange for a 28 % stake in Barris Entertainment , a small-fry TV production company controlled by Giant Industries Inc. Chairman Burt Sugarman . 
But he added that individuals still are participating in the equity market indirectly through mutual funds and pension funds . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Paul and CenTrust executives are getting squeamish about opulence . 
At the U.S. National Institutes of Health , Dr. Robert E. Silverman , chief of the diabetes program branch , said no evidence of unexpected deaths from hypoglycemia had shown up in a study of 1,500 diabetics that has been under way at NIH for five years . 
International Paper emphasizes that it is better positioned than most companies for the coming overcapacity because its individual mills can make more than one grade of paper . 
Other long-distance carriers have also begun marketing enhanced 900 service , and special consultants are springing up to exploit the new tool . 
Other large firms , including Bear , Stearns & Co. and Morgan Stanley & Co. , last week announced a pullback from index arbitrage , but only for the firms ' own accounts . 
ONE-DAY JAUNTS in a chartered boat were perks for permanent staffers of American Business Service Corp. , a Costa Mesa , Calif. , supplier of temporary workers . 
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept . 
In a statement , Young & Rubicam called the award `` unfortunate but bearable . '' 
The government of President F.W. de Klerk is using this situation to improve its international image and head off further economic sanctions . 
Mr. Garcia acknowledges the problem and says the Asset Trust will study why the bidding failed and what changes the agency may be able to offer . 
The usual maneuver is to borrow against the portfolio value or issue preferred stock , using the proceeds to buy additional bonds . 
But some bond market analysts said that could quickly change if property casualty insurance companies scramble to sell portions of their municipal portfolios to raise cash to pay damage claims . 
But a flurry of late trading yesterday beefed up prices . 
The changes come as Reebok , which grew rapidly in the mid-1980s but has seen its sales flatten of late , is seeking to regain momentum in the athletic-shoe business against rivals Nike Inc. and L.A. Gear Inc . 
Ski promotions have traditionally avoided the touchy issue of safety . 
That 's some of what emerges from the following charts , which show how Americans have changed their investment patterns over the past 90 years . 
In August 1983 , Mr. Noriega took over as General and de-facto dictator of Panama , having maneuvered his way to the top only two years after the mysterious death in a plane crash of his old boss Omar Torrijos . 
A family foundation set up by late founder Henry Dunker controls 59 % of Trelleborg 's voting shares outstanding . 
`` We have the worst lease in the NFL , '' contends Michael B. McCaskey , the president of the Chicago Bears and a grandson of George Halas , who founded the NFL 's predecessor organization . 
Big auction houses want to make collectibles eligible for lower capital-gains taxes . 
That total would be important for Drexel . 
BPCA President and CEO David Emil hopes to negotiate a seawall that could `` be significantly more visually permeable . '' 
Some companies are raising money in anticipation of a government less predictable than Mr. Gandhi 's , and possibly more restrictive . 
The White Plains , N.Y. , oil company said Friday that it had acquired Tana Production Corp. , a subsidiary of TRT Energy Holdings Inc. , for $ 95.1 million in cash , with the rest to be paid in shares of a new , non-voting issue of preferred stock . 
Under terms of the three-year contract , Martin Marietta said it will make and install 267 of the new machines at 156 postal offices . 
But that does n't mean Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters might not eventually get their hands on some of their projects ; studios develop hundreds of movies but produce only 10 to 20 each year . 
The gene thus can prevent a plant from fertilizing itself . 
Both the Big Board 's Exchange Stock Portfolio and the Chicago exchange 's Market Basket are designed for institutional investors . 
`` How can it make available funds for purchases ? '' 
In addition , economists are forecasting a slowdown in foreign direct investments as businessmen become increasingly wary of China 's deteriorating political and economic environment . 
The government sought a criminal penalty because `` no cleanup is possible here . 
Plant lovers who studied the maquette were alarmed . 
Brezhnevite holdovers have more to fear from Mr. Gorbachev than the verbal spanking he gave to the press . 
The reluctance of some states to let Drexel off the hook could hamper the firm 's attempts to polish its image after its guilty plea to six felonies last month , say several people familiar with the discussions . 
Accepted theories state that investors require higher returns on riskier investments . 
He grows rye and potatoes for a few hens , five cows and 25 piglets . 
The company could be fined a maximum of $ 10,000 , or double the profit . 
But I am sure we need to maximize our `` earthquake '' protection by making certain that our market structures let investors add their mighty shock-damping power to our nation 's markets . 
The military has also captured enormous arsenals of powerful and sophisticated weapons , explosives and other war-like materiel . 
If a president had a line-item veto and wanted to force him to support a controversial foreign-policy initiative , Rep. Edwards says , the president could call and declare that he would single-handedly kill the BART funds unless the congressman `` shapes up '' on the foreign-policy issue . 
The Clean Air bill ( quack ) . 
Although he says he was n't keen on going , last year he attended a New York gala where his daughter made her debut . 
A Boone County judge rejected the motion , but Daniel Dodson , a Jefferson City lawyer , says he has appealed . 
CALIFORNIA , A TREND-SETTER in franchising rules , stirs a controversy . 
( The sale caused a rift between the widow and some of her husband 's followers . 
Some financial sources said privately that Paribas blundered in failing to move sooner for the insurance and industrial group , bidding only after speculation had pushed up the price . 
What if the only system that does work is so expensive that , at best , only the largest exchanges can afford it ? 
Markets -- 
His term has produced no spectacular failures in politics , in the economy or on the military front , and has chalked up some successes . 
Chemical earnings declined by one-third to $ 120 million last year 's robust levels . 
Two recent decisions by federal courts cast judges in the odd role of telling authors how they should write history and biography . 
British Airways rose initially after announcing its withdrawal from the UAL deal . 
Jack Byrne , chairman of Fireman 's Fund , said this disaster will test the catastrophe reinsurance market , causing these rates to soar . 
Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means `` everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . '' 
In any case , they avoid having to write off the loans . 
`` You have to have clear feelings about someone before you can make jokes , '' says an East German mother of two who loves swapping political barbs with her friends . 
`` There may not be as many and the buyers may not get away with some of the things they 've done in the past , but deals wo n't disappear . '' 
Jim Unruh , Unisys 's president , said he is approaching next year with caution . 
`` If I lose , I lose my position , my career , my pension , my home and my investments , '' says the judge . 
The action came as Congress sent to President Bush a fiscal 1990 bill providing an estimated $ 156.7 billion for the Departments of Labor , Education , Health and Human Services . 
Federal health officials are expected today to approve a program granting long-deferred access to the drug AZT for children with acquired immune deficiency syndrome . 
We had been soliciting opinions on it long before Mr. Lawson 's resignation , and offer some of the collection for the benefit of his successor and one-time deputy , John Major . 
It did not make sense to offer unsecured paper in an unsettling market . '' 
Its developer is a Polish American , Sasha Muniak . 
There was very slow play on the market today , They were selling and buying by halves ; Instead of trading like Bears and Bulls , They behaved like cubs and calves . 
Money Market Deposits - a 6.23 % 
Other dealers added that the blue-chip stocks in general were hit by profit-taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day . 
The figures are seasonally adjusted . 
You hate to do it because he 's your father . '' 
`` We 're extremely committed to optical storage technology '' he said . 
In the meantime , the landowners continue receiving generous subsidies that began during New Deal days . 
Separately , Lone Star Technologies said the bankruptcy court granted Lone Star Steel an extension until year end on its exclusive period to present a reorganization plan . 
The construction equipment maker said third-quarter profit fell to $ 108 million , or $ 1.07 a share , from $ 190 million , or $ 1.87 a share , a year earlier . 
( Mr. Paul says it was n't that high . ) 
The talk of a sales tax rise follows a rebuff from Congress on the question of how much the federal government is willing to spend to aid in California 's earthquake relief efforts . 
The article is , unfortunately , replete with outrageous distortions . 
They also said the dollar is leveling off after a rise this summer that helped to reduce the prices of imported goods . 
Mr. Salvagni , 53 years old , succeeds John C. Griffin , 57 , who is retiring as corporate vice president of pharmaceutical manufacturing . 
All cleanup costs from last spring 's Alaskan oil spill were reflected in earlier results , it said . 
Third , oil prices have n't declined although supply has been increasing . 
It expects to be fully operational by next week . 
It 's a trade secret how many were plastic , and most writers still do n't know what they 're using . 
Mr. Rifenburgh also noted that 150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock were traded during the past three years , `` so there 's a tremendous amount of exposure . '' 
While many growth stocks are small , not all small stocks have earnings-growth momentum . 
But the Memphis , Tenn. , facility was n't to begin turning out product until 1993 , so the decision may reveal a more pessimistic long-term outlook as well . 
`` Only a decade ago cancer was a black box about which we knew nothing at the molecular level . 
After plummeting 1.8 % at one point during the day , the composite rebounded a little , but finished down 5.52 , at 461.70 . 
His attorney could n't be reached for comment . 
Whatever the monetary crime losses , they may not be nearly as important to entrepreneurs as the risk of personal injury . 
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' '' 
Gary Straub , corporate counsel for the company , said the directors sold for `` personal financial reasons . '' 
It all started with geography . 
Others preach the gospel of buying only blue-chip growth stocks . 
They say that 's especially important this late in the growth phase of the economic cycle , when there 's no robust bull market to bail investors out of their mistakes . 
For example , President James A. Garfield is entombed here , the victim of an assassination in 1881 . 
Stratus Computer , which reported earnings late Friday that were in line with a disappointing forecast , eased 3\/4 to 24 on 816,000 shares . 
The Galileo spacecraft sped unerringly toward the planet Jupiter , while five astronauts aboard the space shuttle Atlantis measured the Earth 's ozone layer . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Mr. Terra said he sold 263,684 First Illinois common shares from Aug. 9 to Aug. 28 for $ 9.9375 to $ 10.5625 a share . 
We need at least to consider and examine forms of controlled legalization of drugs . 
The Fairfield , N.J. , company , which is 92%-owned by Ogden Corp. , New York , had net of $ 1.1 million , or four cents a share , a year ago . 
b - As of Thursday 's close . 
In that case , Guber Peters acquired the rights in 1979 , nursed the movie through a dozen scripts , and were on the set in London for 11 months hovering over the most minute changes in casting and production . 
`` I 've had no problems performing my duties and responsibilities . '' 
Meanwhile , bond investors are laboring under the onus of a national debt ceiling debate . 
Although its palatial residence was destroyed by bombs during World War II , the Rothschilds ' place in Frankfurt 's history is still recalled by the city park and a street bearing the Rothschild name . 
One of those areas is the development of a hand-held electronic device that would permit floor traders to enter trades as they make them . 
Reuben Mark , chief executive of Colgate-Palmolive , said advertisers lack detailed demographic and geographic breakdowns of magazines ' audiences . 
Mr. Genova said the committee may meet to propose solutions to the problems identified in the study . 
But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . 
Part of the answer lies in the nature of the industry . 
Even lobbyists for heavy industry , one of the interests hit hardest in the 1986 bill , are encouraged . 
A capital-gains tax-cut plan was dropped by Senate Democrats under pressure from their leadership . 
We would be delighted to have such a system in place today . 
The National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , had its record-breaking 68-week reign as the prime-time ratings leader snapped yesterday by ABC-TV , a subsidiary of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc . 
Agreement , disapproval , boredom and distraction all can be inferred from the subjects ' twist of a dial . 
Brokerage houses jumped in , touting `` post-quake demand '' stocks , and Kidder , Peabody & Co. set up a toll-free hot line for San Franciscans who might need emergency investment advice and help in transferring funds . 
Then I noticed the overhead light was swaying on its cord and realized what had happened . 
Only a few months ago , the 124-year-old securities firm seemed to be on the verge of a meltdown , racked by internal squabbles and defections . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Bethlehem shares rose 50 cents to $ 17.375 . 
Prenatal diagnosis of genetic defects as early as the sixth week of pregnancy is increasingly common today . 
I see Congress as a last resort . '' 
Even if the Japanese find Soviet technology desirable , such discussions would be fraught with political complications . 
And no one was shouting . 
By some estimates , Brazil 's internal debt , or combined public deficit , could reach 6.5 % of its $ 351 billion gross domestic product . 
General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's continuing operations initially will receive $ 47 million in cash , $ 35 million face amount of senior notes , and 49 % of the new company 's stock . 
Allied Capital Corp. II -- 6,500,000 common shares , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The damage was to her motor nerves , which could n't be monitored along with the sensory nerves , he explains . 
After enduring three days of heavy selling , the beleaguered Nasdaq over-the-counter market finally rebounded , rising sharply in hearty trading . 
The IRS hopes to fill the new positions soon . 
One she made into a topiary rec room , replete with plants shaped into a Barcalounger , TV , piano and chairs . 
But Mr. Miller , Wang 's new president , recently warned his salespeople about negativism . 
Mr. Engelken moved south to Washington , but he took with him enduring memories of the homer of 1951 . 
Only a few other occupations have higher reported rates of criminal injury , such as police , bartenders and taxi drivers . 
Callum McCarthy , 45 , was named to the new post of deputy head of the corporate-finance division and a managing director . 
All the tie-ins , though , have some marketing experts questioning whether the party may go too far . 
`` He 's as busy as he was as speaker , '' reports Mr. Wright 's administrative aide , Larry Shannon . 
Timothy C. Brown , a vice president , was named executive vice president and a director of this lighting and specialty products concern . 
Mandom Corp . ( Japan ) -- 80 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Nomura Bank Switzerland . 
According to news reports , the abrupt termination was due to fears that VOA transmissions could interfere with the peace process . 
Just after Hurricane Hugo battered South Carolina , some officials talked of perhaps adding a penny to the state gasoline tax or raising property taxes . 
While not specifically mentioned in the FBI charges , dual trading became a focus of attempts to tighten industry regulations . 
To help close the gap , Nissan recently established a top-level cost-cutting committee . 
Mr. Gelbart deplores the obfuscation , the circumlocution and the debasement of language he sees on all sides . 
Cattle prices have risen in recent weeks on speculation that the government 's quarterly report will signal tighter supplies of beef . 
Yesterday , USAir Group Inc. , recently one of the industry 's stellar performers , posted a worse-than-expected $ 77.7 million net loss for the period . 
We lost our chance to communicate with sweet-natured visitors `` about four feet tall { who } looked as though they were made of puffed-up marshmallow . '' 
That 's because when Coke looks to the Pacific area , it sees an economic and demographic gold mine . 
A Mint official says the agency offered to clean the coins for its `` bare-bones '' cost of $ 17,000 plus certain other expenses . 
Ironically , American Airlines ' attempt to lead industry prices higher was reported in the same issue as your survey showing that consumers had the least confidence in the airline industry ( Sept. 20 ) . 
Also , the company issued 300 million marks of convertible bonds with an indicated 2 3\/4 % coupon due March 31 , 1995 , at par , via Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale Bank . 
The council 's annual report has psyllium on its last page , lumped with such unglamorous export items as sarsaparilla and `` Nux vomica , '' a plant that induces vomiting . 
A unified Germany that remained within the Western alliance would give Germany such an overshadowing position that all other members of a unified Europe would become vassals of the German state . 
In the U.S. , PCs commonly perform many tasks and plug into a broad network . 
While volatility wo n't go away , he said , `` Volatility is greater than program trading . 
Finally , a $ 300 million issue of Fannie Mae Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 12 classes by Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Because it had bipartisan support . '' 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Both distributions are payable Dec. 4 to limited partners of record Nov. 3 . 
Published in 1949 , it follows the decline of a Cairo family with the saga-like sweep and rich detail that critics often compare to Dickens , Balzac and Galsworthy . 
The plastics plant is located on an 800-acre tract in the heart of the petrochemical corridor that reaches along the U.S. Gulf Coast . 
Other , as yet unnamed , cities will follow . 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills . 
And do n't expect anyone to change the term `` blue chip , '' either , even though some of the companies that still enjoy the title may be riskier investments than they were . 
But since the time of Darwin , we humans could at least claim a sort of natural necessity for the existence of our species . 
In a prepared statement from Australia , the company also said that , following the breakdown of the MGM talks , it `` had been re-evaluating its position as a significant shareholder and a substantial creditor of Qintex Entertainment '' and had `` resolved to minimize the degree of further loans to Qintex Entertainment in excess of that previously made . '' 
With the February 1987 U.N. accords `` relating to Afghanistan , '' the Soviet Union got everything it needed to consolidate permanent control . 
For the year ended June 30 , 1989 , Merksamer Jewelers had $ 62 million of revenue and operating profit of $ 2.5 million . 
But some analysts wonder how strong the recovery will be . 
Valley National , for example , had $ 470 million in problem assets as of June . 
K mart developed the centers , which range in size from about 150,000 square feet to just over 250,000 square feet . 
Rumors of an impending devaluation have been circulating in Moscow for weeks , but the size of the cut took many Western bankers by surprise . 
At Fidelity 's office in downtown Boston , Gerald Sherman walked in shortly after 7:30 a.m. and placed an order to switch his retirement accounts out of three stock funds and into a money market fund . 
An FM receiver attached to a user 's personal computer receives the information . 
The company will charge $ 35 for a test and projects about $ 2 million in revenue from the test during the first 12 months of marketing , he said . 
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Last October , Quebecor bought 23 Canadian printing plants from BCE Inc. , a Montreal telecommunications , manufacturing , energy and real estate company . 
There are , of course , obvious dangers to blatant , unsubstantiated name-dropping . 
I have never had as many calls as I had this morning . 
But securities regulators now say privately that it is n't likely to start until the first quarter of next year . 
The Justice Department took steps that could restrict the use by prosecutors of criminal racketeering charges against white-collar defendants . 
PENALTY OVERHAUL is still likely , congressional sources say . 
`` The ( paper ) loss here is very small '' for these sub-underwriters , observed John Nelson , a Lazard managing director . 
The list of laboratories claiming to be producing inexplicable amounts of heat from `` cold fusion '' experiments is slowly growing . 
In the past two years , the desert behind them has become a land of mass executions and utter anarchy , where , due to Mr. Barre 's brutality and ineptitude , nobody is any longer in control . 
Libya 's revolutionary Committees have threatened attacks on Italians if Rome does n't pay compensation . 
-- `` More often than not , college athletes go through college never really experiencing collegiate life to the fullest . 
Two things to keep in mind : Not all exchanges accept every type of order . 
The state obliquely noted that unsafe banking practices are grounds for removing an officer or director and closed with the admonition to Mr. Paul : `` Govern yourself accordingly . '' 
Ideologues on the other side of the border can also slow the process . 
But the greatest damage was visited on buildings and roadways perched upon landfill , as were the Marina District of San Francisco and the Bay Bridge -- two areas of maximum devastation . 
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti-drug programs . 
Investor Robert M. Gintel , who owns a 4.7 % stake in the company , said he plans a proxy fight for control of its board . 
Mr. Gras said the joint venture represents considerable savings for both Renault and DAF , since both companies would in any case have had to renew their existing ranges of light goods vehicles . 
The market is still 4 % short of its level before the plunge , and analysts are n't sure how long it will take until the DAX has closed that gap . 
Parents are too likely to blame schools for the educational limitations of their children . 
The company is an independent refined-petroleum-products pipeline serving six Western states . 
`` UAL is a small deal as far as the overall market is concerned . 
Philadelphia-based Deb Shops said it saw little significance in Mr. Petrie selling his stock to Petrie Stores . 
Mr. Dozen succeeds Sadakane Doi , who will become vice chairman . 
Through the first nine months , the company had a loss of $ 484 million , largely reflecting the closing of its supercomputer unit . 
At the same time , a small group of Senate Democrats are working on a similar plan and may introduce it soon . 
Speculation as to the nature of aliens will no doubt continue until we wake up one morning to find they 've taken over `` The Today Show , '' the way they overwhelm an entire town in Jack Finney 's `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' ( Fireside\/Simon & Schuster , 216 pages , $ 8.95 ) . 
What 's more , he said , `` transactions are taking a much longer time to conclude and many fall apart for lack of financing '' and more stringent scrutiny by state courts . 
Marshall came clanking in like Marley 's ghost dragging those chains of brigades and air wings and links with Arab despots . 
That 's the troubling conclusion reached by many international investors and money managers angry at the malfunctions on Continental stock exchanges during last week 's global market turbulence . 
William O'Neill , research director for Elders Futures Inc. in New York , said the price action for all of last week is the best he has seen on a weekly basis in more than a year . 
Forecasting is only one part of Litigation Sciences ' work . 
The Soviet purchases are close to exceeding what some analysts had expected the Soviet Union to buy this fall , the season in which it usually buys much of the corn it imports from the U.S. . 
Takeover activity will slow down as more and more banks tighten their lending requirements , he says . 
The individuals said Gulf Power and federal prosecutors are considering a settlement under which the company would plead guilty to two felony charges and pay fines totaling between $ 500,000 and $ 1.5 million . 
Also , the broker-dealer subsidiary , Integrated Resources Equity Corp. , was renamed Royal Alliance Associates Inc . 
Baltimore Gas & Electric Co. -- $ 100 million of first and refunding mortgage bonds , due Oct. 15 , 1999 , through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , offered at par to yield 8.40 % . 
One source familiar with the airline said , however , that Mr. Corr was n't informed in advance during the summer when Mr. Lorenzo began discussions with potential buyers . 
`` Rascal Money '' ( Contemporary Books , 412 pages , $ 17.95 ) , a novel by consultant and business analyst Joseph R. Garber , tells the story of an innovative , well-run , widely respected computer manufacturing company called PegaSys as it faces a hostile takeover attempt by AIW , a much smaller corporation that is so incompetently managed as to constitute a standing joke in the business world . 
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . '' 
The Senate Agriculture Committee is responding to trading abuses in the futures markets with a far-reaching bill that would become the Futures Trading Practices Act of 1989 . 
The idea behind the Egg King is pretty simple : put the eggs into a cylinder that contains perforated baskets , spin them at a high speed to break the shells and strain the edible part through the baskets . 
By September , a new Reinforced Motorized Rifle Brigade with an additional 300 combat vehicles , 1,000 more trucks and 10,000 Soviet-trained Afghan troops had arrived in Kandahar . 
Embedded in the `` budget '' being concocted by the House-Senate conference committee is something that looks , smells and waddles like a duck . 
The release of MiniScribe 's new balance sheet came one day after it introduced its new line of one-inch disk drives , on which it is pinning much of its hope for survival . 
There are spacious living rooms and baths , plus a master grandparents suite and a foyer for removing shoes to suit Japanese life styles . 
For example , one of my favorite movies is the 1949 British comedy `` Kind Hearts and Coronets , '' in which the entire comedy is based on actor Dennis Price 's murdering eight titled relatives ( all played by Alec Guinness ) because they snubbed his mother and stand in the way of his acquiring the family title . 
The method of calculating the 20 % tax , paid if it exceeds tax figured the regular way , is due for a change in 1990 , thanks to 1986 's tax act . 
Automated machines coextrude long plastic sheaths with graphite-plastic cores that are printed , cut , painted and eraser-fitted . 
Six-month and oneyear yields were unchanged , on average . 
San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos estimated that damages to the city total $ 2 billion . 
But in this case the needle has a very sharp point . 
Britain 's latest trade figures contained some positive news for the economy , such as a surge in the volume of exports , which were 8.5 % higher than a year earlier . 
I 'm 33 , married , no children , and employed in writing stories like this one . 
The contact occurred through Mr. Noriega 's half-brother , a Panamanian diplomat based in Peru named Luis Carlos Noriega Hurtado . 
The announcement , in which they said hostilities had ceased , followed a two-day meeting in Madrid . 
The benchmark 30-year bond was nearly 1\/4 point higher , or up about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Qintex Entertainment , a producer and distributor of television programs most noted for its co-production of the hit miniseries `` Lonesome Dove , '' said it filed for Chapter 11 protection after Qintex Australia failed to provide it with $ 5.9 million owed to MCA Inc. in connection with the distribution of `` The New Leave It to Beaver Show . '' 
Robert H. Carlson , previous president and chief executive of Universal-Rundle , will assume the title of chairman of the unit , a vitreous-china maker . 
When it did a half-hour into the session , it was priced at $ 150 a share , down more than $ 28 from Monday 's close . 
It can be hard for a salesperson to fight off feelings of discouragement . 
In fact , managers today are probably more aware of speed as a competitive variable than ever before . 
It said financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank . 
Mr. Dorsch says the HIAA is working on a proposal to establish a privately funded reinsurance mechanism to help cover small groups that ca n't get insurance without excluding certain employees . 
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower . 
Milan-based Odeon , which draws about 3 % of Italian TV viewers , has debt of 250 billion lire ( $ 181.9 million ) , Mr. Fiorini said . 
The agreement is said to be similar to Warner 's 50-50 partnership with record and movie producer David Geffen , whose films and records are distributed by the Warner Bros. studio and the Warner records unit . 
But as for safety , he says double-deck freeways built today with the heavily reinforced concrete and thicker columns required after the Sylmar quake should withstand a calamitous temblor of 7.5 to 8 on the Richter scale . 
This year , by one means of transport or another , more than 18 million people will visit the city . 
The CBS plan to use big-time sports as a platform for other series carries no guarantee of success , however . 
Investors bailed out of New York City bonds in droves last week , driving prices lower and boosting yields . 
Mr. Peladeau says he is n't trying to catch up to Donnelley , which has annual sales of over $ 3 billion . 
For now , traders say the foreign exchange market is scrutinizing both federal funds and events on Wall Street . 
U.S. and Soviet officials are to open a new round of talks today aimed at reducing chemical-weapons arsenals amid superpower differences over whether to stop making the gases . 
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard . 
Citizens First , which controls Citizens First National Bank and is based in Glen Rock , N.J. , will pay a maximum of 40 % in cash for the parent of Lakeland Savings Bank and the remainder in convertible preferred stock , with a liquidation value of $ 18 a share . 
Albert Lee , a veteran trader who specializes in machinery sales , estimates that as many as 70 % of projects that had obtained approval to proceed have been canceled in recent months . 
The stock has a 3.5 % dividend yield and goes ex-dividend today . 
She thinks the next area of support for copper is in the $ 1.09 to $ 1.10 range . 
On Friday , Mr. Safer , a Newark , N.J. , textile businessman , signed a confidentiality agreement under which United Merchants would provide him with nonpublic information . 
James F. Gero , former chairman and chief executive officer of Varo Inc. , and Richard J. Hatchett III , a Dallas investment banker , were elected directors of this medical-products concern , boosting the board to seven members . 
Among active stocks , MCI Communications rose 7\/8 to 43 on 2.2 million shares , Mentor Graphics added 1\/8 to 16 3\/8 on turnover of 1.5 million shares . 
Tomorrow , Resolution Funding Corp. , a division of a new government agency created to bail out the nation 's troubled thrifts , will hold its first bond auction at which it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds . 
The London Times said she had `` contravened protocol . '' 
And by basing donations on BK Doubles , a new double-hamburger line the fast-food chain is trying to push , Burger King works a sales pitch into its public-service message . 
Revenue jumped 5.6 % to $ 2.9 billion from $ 2.8 billion in the year-ago quarter . 
The union is the bargaining representative for more than 20,000 Michigan state employees . 
I would view it as a net positive . 
Municipals 
Telephone-operations quarterly profit increased 9 % to $ 84 million from $ 77 million , while federal-systems earnings declined 33 % to $ 4 million from $ 6 million . 
JROE : 
Lloyd 's presently sells only auto insurance directly to the public , and such policies are sold only in limited markets such as the U.K. and Canada . 
Raw-steel production by the nation 's mills decreased 0.8 % last week to 1,828,000 tons from 1,843,000 tons the previous week , the American Iron and Steel Institute said . 
Ironically , `` up until the quake , we desperately tried to fill jobs , '' especially for crane and bulldozer operators . 
Unlike the other nations of the bloc , East Germany is a creature of the Cold War . 
The Cambodian horror was so bad that the Vietnamese occupation in 1978 was a perverse form of relief . 
Already the firm has paid $ 211,666 of the fine , the suit said , and it will have to liquidate additional assets in order to pay the rest . 
London share prices closed modestly higher largely on technical factors , although the market was underpinned near the end of the session by Wall Street 's firmer trend . 
The Fed has assumed a similar responsibility in the market for government securities . 
Management Horizons forecasts a 1.4 % profit decline for non-auto retailers this year , after annual drops that averaged 4.5 % in 1988 and 1987 . 
My mind was miles north at a place called Coogan 's Bluff , where a real sports hero had captured the imagination of a kid who never fully grew up and is all the richer for it . 
For instance , he noted that spending on Pentagon programs is shrinking , and Boeing is either the prime contractor or a major supplier on many important military projects , including the B-2 Stealth bomber , the V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft and the Air Force 's next-generation tactical fighter . 
Thursday , he reminded his audience that the government `` can not allow the necessary rigor of monetary policy to be undermined by exchange rate weakness . '' 
Lilly is building plants to make the insulin in Indianapolis and Fagershein , France . 
The offices took 10,000 square feet of a building with 14-foot ceilings and big , operable windows . 
Mike Huber , a roustabout , is even making it in his new career as an entrepreneur . 
Fujisawa continued to attract investors because of strong earning prospects stemming from a new immune control agent . 
But no one could disagree that Ken Burns has made a fascinating film about this famous American painter . 
This well may be the first time that the venerable Rockefeller University has brushed up publicly against the intimidations now common in American science . 
In their new contract this year , American Telephone & Telegraph Co. and the Communications Workers of America agreed to look for `` prompt and lasting national solutions '' to rising health-care costs . 
Florida and Wyoming have backed up their guarantees with the full faith and credit of the state governments , meaning that taxpayers will pick up any slack . 
He added , `` We have no intention of selling either business . '' 
For the nine months , net increased 4.4 % to $ 2.08 billion , or $ 2.25 a share , from $ 2 billion , which included $ 273 million reflecting the effect of an accounting change . 
Michael Hicks , who manages sales and trading for brokerage concern Societe Generale Strauss Turnbull , said : `` It 's a nervous market . 
Measured the same way , the decline for black males was 14.2 % . 
`` I am ready at any moment to compete with a state farm . '' 
The dollar sagged against other major currencies in lethargic trading . 
But the mouse experiment at a Medical Research Council laboratory in London shows genetic defects can be detected three days after conception using a new American-developed gene-copying technique . 
Relatively stable foreign currency dealings Monday were viewed favorably by market players , traders said . 
To maintain control over production and avoid overdependence on foreign sources , he says he still makes most of his furs in the U.S. . 
The revival of the real estate mortgage investment conduit market reflected the relative calm in the mortgage market after two days of volatile trading . 
In April , the psyllium bandwagon got more crowded . 
Mr. McDonough thinks of the center as the `` Eiffel Tower of Warsaw '' and `` a symbol of the resurgence of Poland . '' 
In that suit , the SEC accused Mr. Antar of engaging in a `` massive financial fraud '' to overstate the earnings of Crazy Eddie , Edison , N.J. , over a three-year period . 
`` For women , dressing for success in a real structured way is over . '' 
The burning question is whether the new chief can parry Mr. Icahn without being pushed into unwelcome moves . 
The disciplinary proceedings stem from trading in April 1987 . 
It is quite unfortunate that you failed so miserably in reporting the Hurricane Hugo disaster . 
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA BRACED for earthquake-related traffic jams . 
Just after midnight Monday , federal spending started to drop by $ 16 billion . 
The early soft lenses , which cost $ 300 a set , were expected to last for a year . 
Qintex Australia unveiled plans to restructure and sell assets to try to ease its financial problems . 
`` Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , '' he said . 
`` We 've done a lot to improve ( U.S. . ) results and a lot more will be done , '' Mr. Mark said . 
The East German economy is strong compared with other East bloc nations . 
According to some estimates , the rule changes would cut insider filings by more than a third . 
`` It 's a misconception that physical fitness is something for the young and middle-aged , '' says Michael Pacholik , sales manager of the LA Fitness club , Diamond Bar , Calif . 
But , in the past 10 days , he has taken a series of body blows to his pride and his reputation that could adversely affect his ability to govern this tumultuous city should he become New York 's first black mayor . 
Avondale asked Travelers to defend it in the state proceeding , but the insurer did n't respond . 
`` We do not intend to hide these costs from the American people . '' 
Sluggish sales of the Beretta , and its four-door sister car , the Corsica , prompted GM to idle the two plants that build the automobiles for a total of three weeks this month . 
Until that happens , glasnost can not begin to deserve the kind of credibility Mr. Shevardnadze was bidding for with his confessions on Monday . 
If it does n't , he says , the company would have to change its expansion timetable . 
The soft-spoken , silver-haired Manhattan borough president -- the first black man to win the Democratic nomination for mayor here -- does n't have a single prominent political enemy . 
Mr. Bond blamed rising Australian interest rates and the acquisition of Bell Group `` with its very high levels of shortterm debt '' for producing a condition `` that was no longer sustainable . 
The 1988 quarter also included one-time gains totaling about $ 35 million . 
Stick some money in an interest-bearing account and watch it grow . 
Chicago businessmen Bertram M. Lee and Peter Bynoe signed a new agreement to purchase the Denver Nuggets basketball team , but not as principal owners . 
Dycom Industries gained 3\/4 to 16 3\/4 after it said it agreed to buy Ansco & Associates and two affiliates for cash and stock . 
All of Japan 's so-called Big Four securities firms -- Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. , the world 's largest , Nikko Securities Co. Ltd. , Yamaichi Securities Co. Ltd. and Daiwa -- have suffered setbacks in their attempts to break into foreign markets . 
The raiders , meanwhile , have evolved their own pattern for spending their new millions . 
Revenue grew 24 % to $ 614.5 million from $ 497.1 million . 
The persecution pursued the Rothschilds across Europe as the Nazis grabbed countries , confiscating the family 's property in the process . 
`` The Georgia-Pacific bid may open the door to a new era of consolidation '' in the paper industry , said Mark Devario of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
GM Class E , which represents a dividend interest in EDS profit , fell 75 cents to $ 52.25 on the Big Board . 
But to Hong Kong , China is n't purely business . 
Some may be tempted to argue that the idea of a strategic review merely resurrects the infamous Zero-Based Budgeting ( ZBB ) concept of the Carter administration . 
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said . 
Even when new lending resumes , foreign exchange would still be tight because Beijing will likely try to rein in foreign borrowing , which has grown between 30 % and 40 % in the past few years . 
But he dropped his earlier $ 300-a-share back-up bid , saying he must first explore bank financing . 
On a single day Inco lifted its offer to $ 38 and then to $ 41 , equal to $ 225.5 million . 
`` I 've done what I came to do '' at Kidder , he says . 
Scott E. Hein Texas Tech University Lubbock , Texas Your Investment Dartboard article misses the target . 
And until last Friday , it seemed those efforts were starting to pay off . 
In just these three areas , the Commerce Department found $ 23 billion more exports than previously reported and $ 11.6 billion more imports , with the net result that the U.S. service surplus in 1988 increased by $ 11.3 billion , to $ 19 billion . 
So I think the conceptual base needs to be thought out in a different way . 
Now , sterilized intervention may have some effect . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution . 
The March contract advanced 0.14 cent a pound to 14.11 cents . 
Manville , having rid itself of asbestos , now sells fiberglass , forest products , minerals and industrial goods . 
Sales of Cherokee , the best-selling Jeep , and the lower-volume Wagoneer were actually up about 10 % through the end of last month . 
A spokesman cited a `` technical error '' and declined to elaborate . 
So far , one test of restricting dual trading has worked well . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
As soon as the market trades at the specified price the floor broker will fill it at the best possible price . 
The Treasury bills sold yesterday settle today , rather than the standard settlement day of Thursday . 
( Roussel reportedly has every pill marked and accounted for to make sure none slips into the black market . ) 
`` We think it 's a step in the right direction for Bethlehem , '' said Felix Bello , WEFA Group 's international steel analyst . 
Such a proposal values Jaguar at more than # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.53 billion ) . 
`` They have to continue to tighten their belts , '' said Craig Kloner , an analyst at Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
James Earl Jones is cast to play the Rev. Mr. Johns . 
We could still have a recession '' at some point . 
If a record industry lacked a common standard , Sony CD owners could listen to a Sony version of Madonna 's `` Like a Prayer '' but not one made for a Panasonic player . 
Coca-Cola Co. said it produced a new version of its 1971 `` I 'd like to teach the world to sing '' commercial . 
Three new issues begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange today , and one began trading on the Nasdaq\/National Market System last week . 
The ULI is a non-profit research and education group based in Washington , D.C. , with 14,000 members nationwide . 
Mr. Garcia says he has been notified of congressional hearings on the Picop bidding and possible legislation covering the paper mill 's sale , both prompted by the criticism of the agency . 
They , too , promised to combine economic efficiency with order and discipline . 
Ms. McGlade of PaineWebber raised a more fundamental question about the deal . 
Maxicare also will guarantee that the banks will realize at least $ 7 million on certain notes pledged to them . 
Mr. Nolan is a contributing editor at Los Angeles Magazine . 
He said this improvement means it is still possible to reach the targeted current account surplus of four billion rand for 1989 . 
There are two versions of `` Measure for Measure '' on stage at the Alley Theater here . 
If elected , Mr. Dinkins will probably have no choice but to raise taxes on overburdened businesses or cut spending in already under-serviced neighborhoods . 
`` Unless the questions are answered , I will keep on going . '' 
A few blue-chip stocks posted strong gains , boosted by special factors , while the majority of shares ended little changed . 
`` They ca n't help talking about the big important people they know , even if they do n't really know them , '' says Dr. Freudenberger . 
Then , too , many individual investors lack the sturdy emotional makeup professionals say is needed to plunge in and out of the market . 
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products . 
There 's plenty of whimsy here , but it is n't always clear whether it 's intentional . 
Use of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law against white-collar defendants , as opposed to alleged organized-crime figures , has come under attack from some defense lawyers and legal scholars . 
The charities regularly sell used stamps , which they collect from children and other donors , to raise funds . 
Some investment advisers are suggesting , in effect , a bet on a start-up investment pool -- maybe even on margin . 
These measurements can indicate temperature changes , researchers said , because the rates of evaporation of these oxygen atoms differ as temperatures change . 
For the year ended March 31 , Dentsu sales rose 19 % to $ 8.9 billion from $ 7.5 billion , and net income jumped 59 % to $ 102 million from $ 64 million . 
I wonder when we 'll be able to relax . 
However , individuals close to the company insist shuttering the insurance division , a sideline from the company 's core property management business , is n't the beginning of a sale of assets . 
The strategy boosts current yield by putting more bonds into the portfolio . 
His message is getting a chilly reception in Detroit , where the Big Three auto makers are already being forced to close plants because of soft sales and reduced dealer orders . 
But the company 's latest quarter was a few pennies a share lower than the more pessimistic projections on Wall Street . 
First , it had trouble manufacturing a chip for its mainframes , IBM 's bread-and-butter business . 
In the latest sign of how difficult it is to place certain junk bonds , Continental Airlines said it was forced to scale back the size of its latest offering . 
But with local investors shaken by China 's political and economic turmoil , she says , a genuine recovery may not arrive until Hong Kong can prove itself secure under Chinese sovereignty . 
China 's land and labor offer inexpensive alternatives to local industry . 
Despite the strong case for stocks , however , most pros warn that individuals should n't try to profit from short-term developments . 
Real , aftertax returns from financial assets are on the order of 1 % or 2 % a year . 
The situation was like that of a skier who is thrown slightly off balance by an unexpected bump on the slope . 
IBM says it considers its shares a good investment . 
So we all stand to benefit if patient-physician relations become a `` partnership . '' 
Two Japanese scientists said they discovered an antibody that , in laboratory test-tube experiments , kills AIDS-infected cells while preserving healthy cells . 
Meanwhile , new-home sales plunged 14 % in the month . 
Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Despite the increase , the British currency slid below a perceived threshold of three marks early last week . 
General Dynamics closed at $ 54.875 , up 50 cents . 
Several key economic figures are due out and Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson is scheduled to give the annual `` Mansion House '' address to the financial community . 
And foreign creditors are likely to be more cautious about extending new loans because China is nearing a peak repayment period as many loans start falling due in the next two to five years . 
Japan 's recent political turbulence , Mr. Lee said , may mean Japan will slow market adjustments . 
Food is the reformer 's top priority , the key to popular support . 
The 30-share index settled 23.2 points higher at 1701.7 . 
In addition to supporting the landmark Roe vs. Wade Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion , Mr. Bush said he opposed the constitutional ban on abortion that Mr. Reagan was promising to promote . 
Politrick 
`` Where 's the bid ? '' asked Pierre Panet-Raymond , an analyst and broker with Toronto securities dealer McDermid St. Lawrence Ltd . 
It finished at 467.22 , down 3.45 . 
Securities analysts , however , remained downbeat . 
Neither has plans to be a market maker for now . 
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar . 
Another longtime ally , Phil Bakes , currently heads Eastern , now in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings . 
Mr. Redmond said the intruder had n't yet done any harm but the agency feared `` garbage data could be substituted for real data . '' 
The estimated gain for Brae is $ 15 million , including a tax credit of $ 7 million , the sellers said . 
David R. Jackson , formerly vice president , managing director of corporate communications for Maxwell Communication Inc. , was named vice president and assistant to the chairman of this maker of alcoholic beverages and consumer products . 
And it is n't the only giant issue : together , the top four issues will raise $ 1.3 billion . 
The fund made a similar move earlier this year . 
We are almost left out of { campus } social activities . 
Although two Baby Bells showed strong growth in access lines , usage and unregulated business revenue , one reported a modest gain in third-quarter net while the other posted a small drop . 
All other countries registered support below 50 % . 
After all , she reasons , `` there were housewives with Nikons and degrees from cooking schools in France who would kill for her job . '' 
Thomas M. Hurley and Robert A. Vanourek , who had been designated to take over Recognition 's top spots had Prospect 's tender offer succeeded , were named co-chief executives and directors . 
He can live with little pleasures . 
The result is that the Senate committee has what amounts to veto power over every covert action . 
Even the volatility created by stock index arbitrage and other computer-driven trading strategies is n't entirely bad , in Mr. Connolly 's view . 
Each $ 5000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 15 , 1989 , to Oct. 18 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 23 . 
Last year 's results reflected a gain of $ 28.2 million on disposition of assets and a $ 165 million pretax provision mainly from costs of completing certain waste-to-energy and other power plants . 
But TCI President John Malone has long been concerned about HBO 's dominance of the pay TV business , and has been eager to keep Showtime as a healthy competitor . 
It 's an optimistic move in a industry already facing world-wide overcapacity . 
Prices were mixed in Zurich and lower in Stockholm . 
He last made waves when he dared to defend an Indian girl who had been adopted by non-Indian parents off her reservation . 
The new chip plants `` wo n't be excessive investment , '' says Hajime Sasaki , an NEC vice president . 
Beta figures are widely available and easy to interpret . 
Citicorp fell 1\/2 to 32 , and Manufacturers Hanover slipped 3\/8 to 40 1\/4 . 
They did me some good . 
NCNB Corp. raised $ 1 billion in new capital during the third quarter . 
He said there was n't any way to detect the flaw at that time , and that the process has since been changed to decrease the chance that such flaws would occur . 
Looking back , he says he erred by stating his `` personal '' opposition to abortion instead of assuring voters that he would n't impose his views on `` policy '' as governor . 
When you buy an asset-backed issue , you take the risk that a bank or an insurer could run into unexpected difficulties . 
But David Hawkins , an environmental lawyer with the Natural Resources Defense Council , said the research appears merely to be a way to promote reformulated gasoline . 
Impetus for the direct-seller project came from a congressional hearing some years back . 
( CenTrust shares have fallen sharply in price from a high of $ 15.125 in 1986 to close yesterday at $ 2.875 . ) 
`` Payments are good right now , but we are n't recommending any long-term lines of credit , '' says Richard Hastings , a retail credit analyst , referring to credit lines which make inventory purchases automatic . 
A potentially safer whooping cough vaccine made by novel genetic engineering techniques was described by a team of Italian , U.S. and Japanese scientists . 
The association spokesman said bus production has declined since January , but could n't offer an explanation for the fall . 
ABC Sports was looking for ways to lift deflated halftime ratings for `` Monday Night Football . '' 
`` It 's hard to imagine how the markets were speculating , given that nobody could get through to San Francisco , '' said one amazed oil company executive . 
For the nine months , Du Pont earned $ 2 billion , or $ 8.46 a share , up 18 % from $ 1.69 billion , or $ 7.03 a share , a year earlier . 
An incinerator is also probably better than having nobody next door -- on our farm there are four unoccupied houses . 
The company expects to work a ship due in today with minimal delays , despite sporadic power . 
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . '' 
They plan to expand the home site by buying five adjoining acres for $ 200,000 , borrowed against a first mortgage on the five acres and also collateralized by the 15 acres . 
Although crude oil prices were significantly higher this year , they were n't strong enough to offset the declining profits in those business sectors at most oil companies , said William Randol , oil analyst for First Boston Corp . 
A California official also said he sent the Federal Bureau of Investigation a packet of documents relating to a previously reported $ 400,000 contribution from Lincoln 's parent solicited by Sen. Alan Cranston ( D. , Calif . ) . 
General Motors Corp. said it will temporarily idle its Arlington , Texas , assembly plant for one week beginning Monday because of slow sales . 
In this way , while the Stick itself was blacked out , we kept up to date on events . 
The executives were accused of improperly deferring expenses and booking revenue early , in an effort to dress up results -- and perhaps bolster performance-related bonuses . 
The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index fell 0.44 to 375.92 . 
The success of the NWA financing , and the failure of the UAL deal , also seem to highlight the important new role in takeover financing being played by Japanese banks . 
Mr. Phelan said that his predicting continued volatility is just `` how the world is . 
The male part , the anthers of the plant , and the female , the pistils , of the same plant are within a fraction of an inch or even attached to each other . 
And it 's adding 15 to 20 new outlets a day , says Greg Ricca , sales director at La Lecheria . 
But more recently , the pound has been falling with high inflation , which has also seemed almost impervious to the high interest rates Mr. Lawson deployed to stop it . 
`` I do n't mind the competition inside the country , '' she says . 
But in Mr. Sohmer 's Ozarks , he is but the tip of the patriarchal iceberg . 
Small models , whose performance increased as much as 46 % , will carry higher prices . 
In fact , the cooperation of those financial institutions is essential to the success of the drug battle . 
Some TV people doubt they will materialize and argue that even if they do , they wo n't offset the multimillion-dollar deficits that CBS could run up . 
`` Unless the market goes to 19 million units -- which we all know it 's not going to do -- we have the inescapable fact that the transplants are adding capacity , '' Mr. Lutz said last month . 
The prospect of such a takeover fight has sent Jaguar shares soaring in recent weeks . 
And then , asset values of the funds could plunge more than they have so far . 
Sales were C$ 348.2 million compared with C$ 307.2 a year earlier . 
In June , the Chicago Board of Trade said it suspended Capcom Financial . 
Added another U.K. analyst : `` It gives them some cash in the back pocket for when they want to do something . '' 
But the lurking shadow of 1987 's stock-market crash still seems dark . 
A spokesman for Mr. Miles said he bought the shares because he felt they were `` a good investment . '' 
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12-story-high condom . 
But they have no desire to eat a bowl of psyllium each morning , and , perhaps , little need : lean , frugal vegetarians , the farmers are innocents in the clogged , treacherous world of cholesterol . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Howard Bailit , a panel member and a vice president of Aetna Life & Casualty , said that utilization management will also do a better job of containing costs as it spreads to cover medical services delivered outside of hospitals . 
`` We said : ` We 've got a product : if you want it , you can buy it , ' '' he says , adding : `` Now we 're figuring out what people need , and are going back to make it . '' 
Phillips found and improved a yeast , `` Pichia pastoris , '' which made protein from natural gas-derived alcohol . 
Travel sales rose 11 % , led by gains in the U.S. . 
This change in the British capital account required an offsetting change in the trade account , a change that could not be prevented by pegging the currency . 
Either way , the word `` broker '' is clearly out of favor . 
The transaction will take place tomorrow . 
But the panel dismissed the magazine 's contention that it had n't libeled Mrs. Sutcliffe when it accused her of trying to sell her story to capitalize on the notoriety of her husband . 
For the nine months , Xerox earned $ 492 million , or $ 4.55 a share , up 5.8 % from $ 465 million , or $ 4.32 a share . 
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle . 
When the mining in front of the wall is complete , it is moved northward . 
`` The situation you want to avoid is having somebody not save anything and hope they 'll be able to do it out of current income , '' he says . 
Reform starts in the Pentagon . 
Officials of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency said they have punished only a few banks for violations of anti-discrimination laws . 
Mr. Seidman said yesterday , for example , that Sen. Dennis DeConcini ( D. , Ariz. ) , who received $ 48,100 in contributions from Mr. Keating , phoned Mr. Seidman to request that he push for a sale of Lincoln before it would be seized . 
As investors speculated about the long - and short-term implications , shares of a number of companies that might either profit or face problems because of the disaster were actively traded . 
Everywhere , Kidder stresses the `` always working '' theme . 
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sam Nunn ( D. , Ga . ) and other Senate conferees have opposed the House cuts , stalling for almost two months action on a number of big-ticket items in the Pentagon 's budget . 
Within weeks the unfolding Iran-Contra scandal took away Mr. Noriega 's insurance policy . 
James A. Toney , a vice president , sold 1,500 shares Aug. 28 . 
Some U.S. entrepreneurs operate on a smaller scale . 
An employer leaves itself open to a great deal of liability if its employee manuals do n't reflect the most recent laws , he says . 
In addition to an 18 % stake in the Veslefrikk offshore field , the Norwegian unit has interests ranging from 10 % to 25 % in three other Norwegian oil and gas production licenses . 
They are already industrialized ... . 
Some analysts believe China soon will begin relaxing economic controls , particularly by loosening credit . 
`` Interest is a great deal higher than it was a year ago . '' 
Mr. Golomb says each of his computers can produce and send about 75 unique newsletters a night . 
After reportedly investing $ 100 million in the business , Discovision ceased manufacturing operations in 1982 and sold many of its assets to Tokyo-based Pioneer , among others . 
`` The Fed wo n't be stampeded into easing , '' Mr. Logan said , predicting that for now , interest rates will stay where they are . 
Markets -- 
This turn of events has put a big damper on an industry that seemed almost invincible last spring , when fares were rising at double-digit rates and many carriers seemed to be growing fat on near-monopolies in certain markets . 
Here 's a Waltana , '' he exclaims , picking one off a tree . 
Surely at some other cosmic address a Gouldoid creature would have risen out of the ooze to explain why , paleontologically speaking , `` it is , indeed , a wonderful life . '' 
The bank group also said that it wo n't make additional advances under the $ 150 million credit line . 
`` They 're thrashing around for diversification , '' he says . 
( Some 64 % of items offered at the Guterman auction were sold , at an average price of $ 343,333 . 
9.78 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Two years later , Mrs. Aquino 's promise remains largely unfulfilled . 
The closing will affect about 3,000 workers and eliminate production of 700 cars . 
Manville Corp. said it offered to buy $ 500 million of its convertible preferred stock from the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust in a move that would improve the trust 's liquidity and reduce the potential number of Manville shares outstanding . 
In this way , the house is not dumped on to a glutted market . 
At $ 250 a share , the group would have to borrow about $ 6.1 billion from banks . 
`` The party is fed up with sackings of good people . '' 
Mr. Barre 's rule is crumbling fast . 
`` I was feeling like I was too high to begin with , '' he said . 
`` They are n't controlling their destiny like they used to . '' 
Now Pinkerton 's could become entangled in a protracted legal fracas with its former parent . 
But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation that accompanies a vigorous merger and buy-out business , and UAL has obviously put a damper on that . 
And eventually , they contend , domestic demand will weaken , forcing companies to emphasize exports again . 
Under the program , dubbed Chivas Class , customers who send in two labels from Chivas bottles will receive an upgrade in seating class on some Trans World Airlines flights . 
Psyllium is an annual herb , Plantago ovata , that has been used for centuries by folk doctors here , mainly as a laxative and anti-diarrheal . 
He received $ 724,579 for the shares , according to insider filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Not even a tractor . 
Northrop Corp. received a $ 93.5 million contract by the U.S. Air Force for production tooling and test equipment for the Tacit Rainbow defense-suppression missile . 
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions . 
Sperry ultimately was eliminated from the competition without receiving the work . 
The Tokyo maker of ceramic capacitors said it purchased a plant in Plymouth . 
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 . 
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so-called boom-or-bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said . 
Prudential Insurance Co. of America said it selected four agencies to pitch its $ 60 million to $ 70 million account . 
Southwestern Bell Corp. and Cincinnati Bell posted slight declines . 
The initial spots will appear during morning and prime-time news shows . 
`` But it 's risky , '' he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure . 
And in any case , he argues , stocks of small companies are `` almost as overpriced as they were Sept. 30 , 1987 , just before the crash . '' 
Even so , the trust would seem to be facing a cash crunch . 
Prospect Street High Income Portfolio , for instance , now holds about 15 % in cash and equivalents , nearly quintuple the amount it held earlier this year , says John Frabotta , portfolio co-manager . 
He projected it would be operating about 1,000 flights a day by late spring , only slightly fewer than the carrier 's old volume of 1,050 a day . 
The company is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation into whether its officials and its utility subsidiaries conspired to cover up their accounting for spare parts to evade federal income taxes . 
Also , the region 's insistence on strict building codes helped prevent wider damage . 
For reasons he would n't elaborate on , he said he 's sure that schedule wo n't be met , meaning less profit impact from the product for DEC in the next few quarters . 
In a rare package sale of its real estate , K mart Corp. , Troy , Mich. , has sold 17 of its strip shopping centers to a limited partnership led by New York developer Philip Pilevsky , according to sources familiar with the transaction . 
Despite these challenges , Marks & Spencer sees big potential in Brooks Brothers , noting the widely recognized name and global presence . 
Traders said most municipal bonds ended 1\/2 point higher . 
For every dollar earned over $ 8,880 , Social Security recipients lose 50 cents of their Social Security benefits ; it 's like a 50 % marginal tax . 
It already has had success in electroluminescence , another promising technology adaptable for high-definition television . 
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen-Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis . 
`` In the year 2000 it will be one car per family . 
`` The cost of competition has become extremely high , '' he says . 
THE YALE POLITICAL UNION does n't pay an honorarium to speakers . 
The real estate investment trust said that it leased the three Florida facilities to National Health Care Affiliates Inc. of Buffalo , N.Y . 
The resulting firm prices and stability `` will allow both producers and consumers to plan confidently , '' says Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Hisham Nazer . 
Some analysts at least are buying that argument , and were n't alarmed by the losses . 
The Census Bureau reported that 13.1 % of the U.S. population , or 31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 . 
Insider selling is not unusual at Dun & Bradstreet ; in fact , the recent pace of selling is just about average for the company , according to figures compiled by Invest\/Net , a North Miami , Fla. , firm that specializes in tracking and analyzing SEC insider filings . 
Not surprisingly , she quickly adapted to the American way . 
Despite all the furor over program trading , program trading played a big role in yesterday 's rally . 
The noncallable issue , which is puttable back to the company Nov. 1 , 1994 , was priced at a spread of 62.5 basis points above the Treasury 's five-year note . 
After hours of conflict and debate , that jury focuses on the facts with near-perfect objectivity . 
The administration also made clear its continuing distate for the leftist Nicaraguan government in recent days , endorsing a package of electoral aid to the Nicaraguan opposition , renewing the U.S. trade embargo against the country and continuing to complain that the country supports rebel groups in the region . 
The potential is displayed along every road into Warsaw : row upon row of greenhouses , stretching out behind modern mansions that trumpet their owners ' wealth . 
The successors would be nominated by the independent directors . 
The court rejected his incredible claims , denied his deductions , and imposed a negligence penalty ... . 
Institutions had become active market players in the early 1970s and sought exchange seats to handle their own trades . 
$ 150 million of 9 % depository receipts due Nov. 27 , 1994 , priced at 101.60 to yield 9.07 % less fees , via Bankers Trust International Ltd . 
Mr. Conway said the Fox shows appearing on nights when Paramount-MCA shows would n't be offered could be promoted on the programs produced by Paramount-MCA . 
In 1986 , in another consent agreement with the SEC , Mr. Holmes was enjoined from violating the stock-registration and anti-fraud provisions of the securities laws . 
The rise resulted from the transfer to non-accrual status of $ 96 million `` owed by two national borrowers and one local commercial real-estate customer , '' First Fidelity said . 
Short interest is the number of shares that have n't yet been purchased for return to lenders . 
We would even save on freight . '' 
At the American Magazine Conference here , publishers are plenty worried about the industry 's woes . 
Focusing on beer , restaurants and hotels means `` we can concentrate our skills and resources more effectively , '' Peter Jarvis , Whitbread 's managing director , said in a statement . 
The New York suit was filed on behalf of Justice Isaac Rubin , whose appointment to the state appellate division expires at year end , and all other judges hurt by the alleged age discrimination . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
As a result , Frank Gaffney , a former Reagan Pentagon aide who now heads the Center for Security Policy , charges that the administration 's `` professions of continued commitment to development and deployment of the SDI program strain credulity . '' 
Price talk calls for the reset notes to be priced at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % . 
Inco said the drop in earnings resulted mainly from lower nickel prices for the period and a temporary cut in nickel output at the company 's Manitoba operations due to high levels of arsenic in the ore . 
In Europe , the dollar ended lower in dull trading . 
NATO defense ministers said the 16-nation alliance continues to need a strong nuclear strategy despite political changes in Eastern Europe . 
Despite all the formal provisions for its independence , the Fed seems constantly to feel that if it uses its independence too freely it will lose it . 
Indeed , the government is taking a calculated risk . 
Procter & Gamble Co. , Cincinnati , expanding its presence in the food service market , said it acquired Maryland Club Foods , a coffee supplier , from an investor group led by F. Philip Handy of Winter Park , Fla . 
The critics also lambasted the magazine industry for something executives often are very proud of : the growth in magazine titles during the 1980s . 
A few years ago , Mobil restructured the entire company during an industrywide shakeout . 
He said the provision `` was n't forced upon us , but the regulators made it very clear what they thought was an appropriate number . '' 
And combining Fraser & Neave 's own soft drinks with Coca-Cola 's gives the Singapore company more than half the share of the soda market there , Coke said . 
Shareholders of Central , a bank holding company based in Sterling , Ill. , will receive Amcore stock equal to 10 times Central 's 1989 earnings , Amcore said . 
Except for the gas tank at Hustead 's Towing Service exploding and burning in downtown Berkeley , things here are quite peaceful . 
He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance . 
But most of them could have afforded to keep up their payments -- they chose not to do so . 
At an estimated $ 360 million , the project would represent the single largest foreign investment in the Philippines since President Corazon Aquino took office in February 1986 . 
Some economists found the mixture ominous . 
At a news conference , Mr. Nadeau said the sale of the three non-food businesses , which account for nearly half the company 's C$ 900 million in assets , should be completed in a `` matter of months . '' 
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion . 
This category now accounts for about 19 % of admits and 22 % of registrants . 
The optical products company has signed a licensing agreement with Photoprotective Technologies Inc. , a closely held firm in San Antonio , Texas , which has developed a method to incorporate the synthetic melanin into plastic lenses . 
Except to characterize its offer as `` fair and generous and in the best interests of Mesa shareholders , '' StatesWest declined to discuss details of its proposal . 
That is just 1 % of all the money Japan has invested abroad . 
Goodson will pay the additional $ 20 million in settlement of the management contract . 
Allianz holds a 50 % stake in Navigation Mixte 's insurance interests , acquired three weeks ago . 
The DAX index closed at 1472.76 , up from 1466.29 . 
WEIRTON STEEL Corp. said it completed a $ 300 million sale of 10-year notes , the final step in the 1984 buy-out of the company from National Steel Corp . 
What Gov. Clinton is advocating , in effect , is extending the educational system down to the pre-kindergarten years . 
He said a clear majority of senators back the tax reduction and that ultimately there would be enough senators to overcome any procedural hurdle the Democratic leadership might erect . 
Announced and anticipated purchases from foreign countries are also supporting futures prices . 
But while they want to be on the alert for similar buying opportunities now , they 're afraid of being hammered by another terrifying plunge . 
IBM , which made the announcement at the dedication of a research center here , said it invited many other companies to participate as well , including some from Europe . 
Results for the third quarter ending Oct. 31 , are expected to be released the third week of November , according to Michael Dell , chairman and chief executive officer . 
Mr. Keating arranged nearly $ 1 million in donations to Sen. Cranston and his various political causes , and hundreds of thousands more to other lawmakers . 
Mr. Ohmae is managing director of McKinsey & Co. in Japan . 
The scars will be here years after the polls close . '' 
`` The market is sending nervous signals , '' says Peter J. Canelo , chief market strategist for Bear , Stearns & Co. , and it 's `` unwise '' to be overcommitted to stocks . 
`` There are too many people participating , '' says Al Ries , of Trout & Ries , a Greenwich , Conn. , marketing consulting firm . 
But the EC is strongly opposed to converting agricultural supports into tariffs . 
When the economy stumbled in the mid-1970s , Akzo NV fell out of bed . 
Suburban deals are not without their delays and complications -- inner-city deals just have more of them . 
Within a few days in July , Inco raised its bid to $ 36 and United matched it . 
However , she remembers the lean years and recalls with relish wearing her first major American purchase -- that turban 10 years later and having a Los Angeles boutique owner ask her if it was a Chanel . 
More than two-thirds of the systems shipped , meanwhile , were products introduced in April . 
But Nynex , Pacific Telesis and U S West had lower profits . 
But the transaction is just Mr. Peladeau 's latest step in a larger design : to build Quebecor through acquisitions into an integrated paper , publishing and printing concern with a reach throughout North America . 
London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell-off knocked it down . 
Mr. Carpenter denies the speculation . 
Somewhere , the son sighs , things went terribly wrong with apartheid ; today , whites even rely on blacks to police their separation . 
Better to have a true monetarist policy , just for the experience . 
The bank 's Arizona unit holds about $ 6 billion of First Interstate 's $ 50 billion of assets . 
`` Attitudes { toward being acquired } are still negative , but they 're becoming more positive , '' Mr. Murasawa said . 
Dr. Toseland , a toxicologist , said he was preparing an article for a British forensic medical journal raising the possibility that the deaths may have occurred after human insulin blunted critical warning signs indicating hypoglycemia , or low blood sugar , which can kill diabetics . 
Stockholders who exercise all their rights may buy additional shares , the company said . 
Dollar : 141.52 yen , up 0.07 ; 1.8353 marks , off 0.0002 . 
In post-earthquake parlance , her building is a `` red . '' 
Some casino owners have resisted the temptation to add rooms . 
Chugoku Electric Power Co . ( Japan ) -- 
An article in the World Business Report of Sept. 22 editions incorrectly referred to his father , Grand Duke Jean , as the crown prince . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 1.37 billion from $ 1.22 billion . 
Unocal said the venture would enable it to recover more of its refining and marketing investment and prepare for expected growth in exploration , production , chemicals and other areas . 
Her success , which included alleviating an urban food shortage in the early 1980s , helped persuade Hanoi to take the reform path . 
-- Eduard Shevardnadze , Oct. 23 , 1989 . 
`` Our intent is to spread them out '' to insure they are well integrated into the community , he said . 
It seems to me we 're not really going to get anywhere until we can take the criminality out of the drug business and the incentives for criminality out of it . 
Tap on outstanding # 100 million issue . 
Guaranteed by Fuji Bank . 
They claimed that the Fed would first give a green light to the economy by making credit readily available and then turn on the red and bring growth to a screeching halt . 
He moved quickly through the ranks with the help of his patron , Mr. Honecker , and emerged as the heir apparent . 
Along with Nissan , Grand Metropolitan PLC 's Burger King and New York Life Insurance have tied ads to Red Cross donations . 
The result : Kidder will focus on rich individual investors and small companies , much closer to the clientele of Goldman , Sachs & Co. than a serve-the-world firm like Merrill Lynch or Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Mobil officials said they have been studying ways of streamlining these operations since early this year . 
The economy is showing signs of weakness , particularly among manufacturers . 
The deposits , assets and certain liabilities of the three thrifts were transferred to newly chartered federal mutual institutions . 
It was modest pay by American standards , but a healthy boost to his small military salary , which fellow officers remember as having been $ 300 to $ 400 monthly . 
Since joining the Politburo in 1983 as its youngest member , Mr. Krenz had acquired the nickname `` crown prince , '' a reference to the widely held view that he was the hand-picked successor to Mr. Honecker . 
Before July , pro-choice voters could safely make political decisions without focusing narrowly on abortion . 
I believe Mr. Kageyama left out one major aspect of Japanese culture that permeated his piece : the belief in the superiority of Japanese culture and behavior vs. others . 
The U.S. futures exchanges compete world-wide as never before . 
Exports fell for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record . 
Gulf Power 's guilty plea before U.S. District Judge Robert L. Vining yesterday marks the end of only one part of a wide-ranging inquiry of Southern Co . 
But under the proposed guidelines , all federally funded research will have to be reported publicly so that anyone can capitalize on the work . 
Members of the audience gasped or laughed nervously ; their industry has been unsettled recently by acquisitions . 
Coca-Cola Co. yesterday said singer Elton John signed to appear in an ad for Diet Coke . 
Under the rules adopted by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , the futures contract can not drop below the limit , but buyers can purchase futures . 
He 's attacked the concept of `` building tenure , '' one of the most disgraceful institutions in American public schools . 
Boeing Co. said Trans European Airways ordered a dozen 737 jetliners valued at a total of about $ 450 million . 
And much home-equity credit is used conservatively . 
In addition , the company has made it tough on competitors by offering a stream of desktop computers at sharply lower prices . 
Mr. Allen , appointed by President Reagan , grew understandably tired of dealing with the guerrilla tactics of his enemies . 
As a result , Morgan Stanley 's Index of 40 Emerging Growth Stocks -- most of which are in the OTC market -- is up only 13 % for the year , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has leaped 24 % and the S&P 500 has grown 25 % . 
They got a machine more responsive , more stable and in many ways easier to ride than the thin-tired racing bikes that then were the rage . 
Lawrence Group also owns Lawrence Agency Corp. , Schenectady , N.Y. , an insurance agency and brokerage . 
But the 5-4 ruling may have had as much immediate impact on those activities -- especially trespassing -- as on abortion rights . 
The executive made his purchases shortly before being named to his current chief executive officer 's position ; formerly he was Kraft General Foods ' chief operating officer . 
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers . 
The issue here may be the soundness of the guarantee . 
In California , this is the reality . 
Capital has been democratized , and people want in . 
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , Comprehensive Care shares plunged $ 3.625 to close at $ 4.75 on volume of 1,177,000 shares . 
`` There are no facts { behind the assertions } that we sent any kind of signal , '' he declared in an interview . 
The first real test of whether prices have hit bottom may come in the next several weeks , when the new prices become effective . 
The offering , Series 107 , is backed by Freddie Mac 15-year , 9 % securities , and brings Freddie Mac 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 32.8 billion and its total volume to $ 46.8 billion since the program began in February 1988 . 
`` I 'm ecstatic about the change , '' said Mr. Vila , whose new syndicated program is called `` Home Again with Bob Vila . '' 
The company said Carol Cable , based in Pawtucket , R.I. , is a leading supplier of electrical and electronic wire and cable for the distributor , retail and original equipment manufacturer markets . 
Mr. Tomlin , among other things , illegally provided Mr. Lavelle with inside information and documents intended to give Sperry an unfair advantage in the competition , the documents said . 
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 . 
Arco Chemical Co. -- $ 100 million of 9.35 % debentures due Nov. 1 , 2019 , priced at 98.518 to yield 9.50 % . 
Lebanon 's Gen. Aoun placed Christian military forces on alert in case of renewed fighting with Syrian-backed Moslems after Lebanon 's two main Shiite militias rejected an Arab-sponsored peace accord . 
`` The message is we build 'em right , '' says Peter Bedford , a California developer and officer at Urban Land Institute . 
Other winners included real estate issues Mitsubishi Estate , which closed at 2,500 , up 130 , and Mitsui Real Estate Development , which gained 100 to 2,890 . 
He adds , `` The notion they try to sell is that juries do n't make decisions rationally . 
Earnings for the group declined to $ 11 million from $ 33 million last year . 
Corning Inc. posted a 38 % decline in third-quarter net income to $ 76.5 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 123.9 million , or $ 1.37 a share , a year earlier . 
`` Bond investors were hoping that stock prices would continue to fall , '' said Roger Early , a vice president at Federated Investors Inc. , Pittsburgh . 
Sen. Boren happily told reporters that there had been `` a meeting of the minds '' with the White House , and that the committee had given Mr. Bush `` a clean slate , '' free of the impediments imposed during the Reagan years . 
The two men are planning joint visits to a number of clients to attempt to smoothly hand over the reins . 
Your Sept. 26 `` Politics & Policy '' article about William Bennett 's Emergency Drug Plan for Washington gives the impression that the FBI has not been nor is actively involved . 
Richard Stoltzman has taken a gentler , more audience-friendly approach . 
That was when the tame old Peasants ' Party , desperate to live through the crisis , broke ranks with the Communists and joined with Solidarity in the East Bloc 's first liberated government . 
In the coming months , however , this is likely to change . 
A Modern Healthcare magazine article says 40 % of surveyed executives admitted falling asleep during formal presentations ... . 
Dollar : 141.90 yen , off 0.53 ; 1.8470 marks , off 0.0108 . 
When it opened in 1939 , Shannon was the first landfall in Europe for thirsty airplanes flying from North America . 
It is unclear what effect the sale of the shopping centers will have on earnings . 
Joseph Flom , of Skadden , Arps , Slote , Meagher & Flom , which became a leading legal firm in merger cases , said the case `` made takeovers respectable . '' 
The DAX index closed at 1466.29 , up only 3.36 . 
The Communist Party chief , facing what is viewed as the nation 's worst unrest in nearly 40 years , also said he would allow East Germans to travel abroad more freely , but made clear that the Berlin Wall would remain . 
The company is being acquired . 
But not all strategists or money managers are ready to throw in the towel completely on cyclicals . 
The Soviet State Bank announced a 90 % devaluation of the ruble against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb the nation 's rapidly growing black market for hard currency . 
Honeywell Inc. got a $ 22.3 million Navy contract for aircraft missile warning sets . 
If the answers to these questions are affirmative , then institutional investors are likely to be favorably disposed toward a specific poison pill . 
News of the halt comes amid growing anger in the Ukraine and Byelorussia over continuing high levels of radiation from Chernobyl . 
`` It 's easier to get worse than better in this game . '' 
Moreover , Suez had just finished winning an even larger battle last year for control of Societe Generale de Belgique . 
The government currently is subsidizing an estimated 23,000 loans above 11 % under the 235 program , and however disruptive to private investors , the refinancing is expected to yield at least $ 15 million in savings in fiscal 1990 . 
We have some level of financial interest '' in the collection . 
`` The institutions have driven ( commission ) rates down to the point where it makes no sense to commit capital , '' says Tom Gallagher , senior executive vice president in charge of institutional trading at Oppenheimer & Co . 
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions . 
He was n't protecting the Freedom Marchers ; he was tailing them as subversives . 
These big investors have flocked to indexing because relatively few `` active '' stock pickers have been able to consistently match the returns of the S&P 500 or other bellwethers , much less beat it . 
For now , the union issue is the most nettlesome of Federal 's Tiger problems , management believes . 
The index gained 527.39 Tuesday . 
Aided by the fluid playing of the St. Louis Symphony under Leonard Slatkin 's direction , this `` Serenade '' really swings . 
Earnings have plummeted , too , in each of the past three quarters . 
The Arabs had tried embargos before . 
She declines to show them . 
New York-based RJR Nabisco would n't say what it spends annually , but industry executives say it will spend more than $ 140 million this year , down from about $ 200 million last year . 
Its loss of $ 77.7 million , or $ 1.86 a share , contrasted with net of $ 68.5 million , or $ 1.58 a share , in the 1988 third quarter . 
Only 10 years ago , for instance , Lloyd 's was the pre-eminent insurer of thoroughbred horses . 
They worry that Mr. Breeden also will roll over when told to do so by the White House . 
Third , the theory suggests why legislators who pay too much attention to national policy making relative to local benefit-seeking have lower security in office . 
The company noted that its Fox-Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves . 
Dataproducts is fighting a hostile tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners , a group led by New York-based Crescott Investments Associates . 
Nomura said its pretax profits inched up 0.9 % to 248.91 billion yen ( US$ 1.75 billion ) from 246.60 billion yen in the six months ended March 31 . 
Flags fly at half-staff for the death of Bart Giamatti , the late baseball commissioner , and now the Bay Bridge lies in ruins . 
At Wells Rich , Ms. Heller will concentrate on accounts that include Philip Morris 's Benson & Hedges cigarette brand , which relies on print ads , Ms. Heller 's specialty . 
Rather than gathering momentum , the program is in danger of slowing even more as the government tackles several big assets . 
If Mr. Gorbachev 's goal is the creation of a free market , he and these Western observers have good reason to fear for his future , as economic liberalization within communist societies leads inexorably to demands for fundamental political reform accompanied by civil unrest . 
Union Pacific Corp. 's rail unit said that except for damage to shipping containers in its Oakland yard , its track , bridges and structures were unharmed . 
First and foremost , the vignettes presented by the various scientists represent a general consensus among specialists working in the respective aspects of the global environment . 
It will go for work ranging from refinery modification to changes in the distribution system , including the way service stations pump fuel into cars . 
The situation makes it harder to buy and sell shares quickly , exacerbating the rise and fall in stock prices during program-dominated trading . 
The offering , Series 1989-89 , backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities , brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 33.2 billion and its total Remic volume to $ 45.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
PROSECUTOR TO JOIN Gibson Dunn : 
Being held well below capacity greatly irritates them , and has led to widespread cheating . 
South Korean consumer prices rose 5 % in the first 10 months of this year , matching the government 's target for the entire year , according to the Bank of Korea and the Economic Planning Board . 
Despite health-care cost controls and programs to hold down inventory , the professional division , which makes products including sutures and surgical stapling equipment , `` achieved solid growth , '' Johnson & Johnson said . 
Sluggish demand was also evidenced by the weak 2.41-to-1 bid-to-cover ratio , which was lower than the average 2.79-to-1 ratio at the last 12 similar auctions . 
The net interest margin - the difference between the bank 's cost of funds and what it receives as interest payments -- improved in the quarter , as did certain areas of wholesale banking . 
He later resigned from his executive positions with Enfield , saying that actions by its board `` amounted to { my } dismissal . '' 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
Under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code , a company continues to operate under protection from creditors ' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay its debts . 
As for the humor that Gorky 's text provides , when repainted in such broad strokes ( particularly by the lesser members of the ensemble ) it looks and sounds forced . 
CONSOLIDATED FREIGHTWAYS INC. , Menlo Park , trucking company , $ 2.69 billion in annual sales , NYSE , had structural damage to CF Motor Freight subsidiary 's office in Palo Alto , no damage in Menlo Park . 
For example , he noted , operating profit was weaker than he had anticipated , but nonoperating earnings of $ 14.6 million and a lower tax rate helped boost net income . 
Fuel costs were up 10 % in the third quarter . 
Johnnie Johnson , who worked for Mr. Corry in strategic planning , recalls how his boss would routinely ask a subordinate to research an entire industry to target acquisition candidates . 
To make matters worse , the lone nomination came from another bureaucrat : A woman from the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance who nominated her boss . 
Takeover speculation , which has been buoying stocks of supply houses , may also ease , says Peter Sidoti , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Such an embarrassment of riches was inconceivable to the man who discovered the Burgess Shale , one Charles Doolittle Walcott . 
Some take a warm view of consumer-oriented paper companies , which buy pulp from the commodity producers and should benefit from the expected declines in pulp prices . 
He contended that the Fed wo n't ease rates further , but predicted Bundesbank officials will relax key rates in West Germany . 
That would force the buy-out firm and the target company 's management to reduce their level of ownership . 
Other aspects of the bill , however , are either structured in ways that create unnecessary burdens for the industry or actually are harmful to the exchanges , the industry and ultimately the general public . 
The market for electrochemicals include the paper , water-purification and textile industries . 
`` I think this is a market that required some level of security . 
NATO has n't budged from its insistence that any gun-carrying plane has offensive capability . 
50 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with an indicated 0.5 % coupon at par , via Bank Julius Baer . 
Under new rules , many of the country 's pubs would become `` free houses , '' selling beers of their choice . 
Ms. Applebaum had estimated third-quarter earnings of 55 cents a share , but said the losses for the unusual items were larger than expected . 
However , it does n't give much of a clue as to whether a recession is on the horizon . 
Third-quarter net income at Texaco rose to $ 305 million from $ 274 million last year . 
Its attendance is off 23 % from six years ago . 
Since 1978 , average annual growth rates for most pollutants have outstripped the growth of GNP . 
`` As we 've seen in the '80s , '' says Roger Werner , the president of the ESPN sports channel , `` those deals can turn sour if the numbers do n't work . 
From here out , these investors see a return to old-fashioned investing , based on a company 's ability to show profit growth . 
A native of the area , he is back now after riding the oil-field boom to the top , then surviving the bust running an Oklahoma City convenience store . 
I take advantage of this opportunity given to me by The Wall Street Journal to make a plea to the millions of readers of this newspaper , to become soldiers dedicated to the fight against the use of drugs . 
The company acquired the debt when it paid $ 155 million to purchase Wilson last year . 
A former executive agreed that the departures do n't reflect major problems , adding : `` If you see any company that grows as fast as Reebok did , it is going to have people coming and going . '' 
The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date . 
Some tariffs were eliminated when the trade pact took effect Jan. 1 . 
Today , no one gets in or out of the restricted area without De Beers 's stingy approval . 
A disheveled , roly-poly son of a Long Island potato farmer , Mr. Lynch is a veteran union organizer who worked on the presidential campaigns of Sen. Edward Kennedy and Mr. Jackson . 
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label . 
Currently , chips are produced by shining light through a mask to produce an image on the chip , much as a camera produces an image on film . 
( Puts , or sell options , would not be added until 1977 . ) 
The dollar finished at its intraday highs . 
The FDA is expected to approve today a program granting access free of charge to the drug AZT for children with AIDS . 
And despite their share of duds , they make movies that make money . 
Visitors in his chambers say he could cite precisely the years , months , weeks and days remaining until mandatory retirement would force aside the presiding president judge , giving Judge O'Kicki the seniority required to take over as the county 's top court administrator . 
Sir Alan assailed the monetary arrangement as `` half-baked '' in an article being published in an American economics journal . 
The government and the ANC , the bitterest of enemies , are engaged in an elaborate mating dance designed to entice each other to the negotiating table . 
`` We expect a big market in the future , so in the long term it will be profitable . 
Hubert de la Bouillaire , an editor on the film , backs Mr. Peters in a separate sworn declaration . 
Even if I had a lot of money , I could n't buy what I need . '' 
Rumors persisted last week that New York 's credit ratings -- single-A from Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A-minus from Standard & Poor 's Corp. -- are at risk . 
We expect a choppy and sloppy market for a short period , but we do n't think it will be ugly . 
But first on the list of priorities , says the National Federation of Independent Business , is to prohibit state laws requiring the inclusion of specialty items , such as psychiatric care , in basic health plans . 
If the media decide to work harder at educating the public about these complex and technical issues , that hardly can be termed non-objective journalism . 
Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate , shall , before it becomes a Law , be presented to the President of the United States ; If he approve he shall sign it , but if not he shall return it , with his Objections to that House in which it shall have originated , who shall enter the Objections at large on their Journal , and proceed to reconsider it . 
The dollar climbed immediately higher on news of Mr. Greenspan 's testimony , settling lower in later trade as dealers squared positions ahead of today 's preliminary report on third-quarter U.S. gross national product . 
British Air 's move raised new questions about the buy-out group 's efforts to revive a stalled bid for UAL . 
At the moment , he intends to keep the firm 's 180,000 Jaguar shares . 
And Time Warner Inc. is developing a spinoff of Time magazine aimed at kids , on the heels of its successful Sports Illustrated for Kids . 
Ms. Tilly of the tweety-bird voice showed great comic promise during her stint as the mobster 's girlfriend on the television show , `` Hill Street Blues . '' 
HealthVest , an Austin , Texas , real estate investment trust , said that Chemical Bank , the lead bank under its domestic bank agreement , told it that if $ 3.3 million owed to the bank group is n't paid by today , the group will call the $ 120 million that HealthVest has outstanding under the credit line . 
But if this prompts others to consider the same thing , then it may become much more important . 
Robert Borden Santa Monica , Calif . 
Back in the U.S.A. this kind of chi-chi airborne activity wins heartwarmingly covetous responses . 
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer . 
The devices could help indicate when surgery would help , says Charles Tator , a University of Toronto neurosurgeon . 
Managers in all three companies recognize speed as a component of quality and a key to customer satisfaction . 
For the past five years , unions have n't managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers . 
Mr. Ingersoll later recalled that Gen. Torrijos seemed afraid to act on the concerns of the U.S. . 
In a statement to employees , Eastern said the company was disappointed by the ruling . 
Mr. Noriega became an even greater threat in 1976 , when U.S. intelligence services discovered that he had been buying recordings of electronically monitored conversations from three sergeants working for the U.S. Army 's 470th Military Intelligence Group . 
UAL fell $ 6.25 a share to $ 191.75 on volume of 2.3 million shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange as concern deepened among takeover stock traders about the length of time it will take to revive the purchase . 
For instance , First Quadrant Corp. , an asset allocator based in Morristown , N.J. , said it quickly boosted stock positions in its `` aggressive '' accounts to 75 % from 55 % to take advantage of plunging prices Friday . 
Mr. Mulford , responding to critics of intervention , also said intervention is `` highly visible , '' is taken seriously by financial markets and works better than `` was recognized some time ago . '' 
Camera sales showed the strongest gains , rising 37 % to 50.59 billion yen . 
Volume totaled 14,580,000 shares . 
Separately , the U.S. Embassy has filed three protests in as many days with China 's government , alleging harassment of diplomats and their families , an embassy source said . 
Itel bought a 17 % stake in Sante Fe Pacific last year and Olympia & York later purchased about a 20 % stake ; they would have interests in the new realty company in line with their holdings in Sante Fe Pacific . 
But there were enough promoters announcing the end of history ( in this case suspension of normal laws of economic gravity ) for society to continue shielding its eyes . 
Kodak says its new CCD HDTV converter will help alleviate the problem by allowing programmers and broadcasters to convert movies and television programs shot in 35mm motion-picture film into high-definition video . 
Well , mankind can rest easier for now . 
The Census Bureau also said : 
Mr. Crary said testimony by Kodak 's patent counsel , Francis T. Carr of Kenyon & Kenyon , showed that `` he worked with Kodak continuously from the outset of the project '' in an effort to avoid infringement . 
The size of the cuts is n't known , but they 'll be centered in the exploration and production division , which is responsible for locating oil reserves , drilling wells and pumping crude oil and natural gas . 
Of 1,500 people sent a questionnaire , 951 replied . 
Foreigners would receive greater incentives to invest in the U.S.S.R. 
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits . 
In the long run , investment advisers say , most investors will be better off using the dollar-cost averaging method of buying stocks . 
The Kraft General Foods brand stopped advertising for about a year in 1987 and gave up several market share points and its leadership position in the coffee business . 
Sharp Corp. , Tokyo , said net income in its first half rose 59 % to 18.32 billion yen ( $ 128.9 million ) from 11.53 billion yen a year earlier . 
The French electronics and defense group said attributable consolidated net profit for the first six months of 1989 totaled 244 million francs ( $ 38.4 million ) , compared with 130 million francs ( $ 20.5 million ) in the corresponding period of 
`` The best thing you can do is get off the screen , '' says Mr. Buchwald . 
Traders said the thin trading volume points to continued uncertainty by most investors following last Monday 's record 13 % loss . 
WASHINGTON LIES LOW after the stock market 's roller-coaster ride . 
British brewers currently own thousands of pubs , which in turn sell only the breweries ' beer and soft drinks . 
The IRS has been seeking more than $ 300 million in back taxes from Mr. Hunt . 
The White House had enough votes to sustain a veto but chose to avoid a confrontation . 
Major injuries were n't reported at Candlestick Park , where the third game of baseball 's World Series was canceled and fans evacuated from the stadium . 
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation . 
`` Now the interest is in what else can I do with that money . '' 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration is increased to $ 124,875 during fiscal 1990 . 
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind . 
But the strategy can backfire ; if the ads appear too self-serving , the companies may end up looking like rank opportunists instead of good Samaritans . 
It said it will buy back two million shares , or 18.4 % , of the total outstanding , and continue operations buying and managing real estate . 
`` The team eliminated the crisis mentality that proposal deadlines can generate . 
An Air France spokeswoman said , `` we 're absolutely ready to study all solutions . '' 
On just three big deals -- for four years of baseball and for the Olympic Winter Games in both 1992 and 1994 -- Pilson bid a total of $ 1.64 billion . 
It alone is n't likely to stop a station from dumping CBS shows . 
Freddie Mac 's 9 % issue ended at 97 19\/32 , up 2\/32 . 
On Wednesday , shares were pushed up by index-related buying on the part of investment trusts as well as small orders from individuals and corporations , traders said . 
The volatility wo n't end soon . 
But some analysts remain sour on the company . 
The two companies , both based in San Juan , will form a bank holding company with assets of just over $ 9 billion . 
`` It makes people think , maybe this guy is n't so squeaky clean after all , '' says Mr. Garth , Mayor Koch 's media consultant . 
If a machine has a big computing task , Task Broker asks other computers in the network for `` bids '' on the job . 
But they have to attract good senior bankers who can bring in the business from day one . '' 
The 300 and 400 series aircraft will be powered by engines jointly produced by General Electric Co. and Snecma of France . 
Federal wiretap statutes recognize the right of employers to monitor employees ' for evaluation purposes . 
Dictates of good sense to the contrary not withstanding , the general inclination was to believe that the disturbance would be brief and that ball would be played . 
Since the value of its assets was n't known , analysts were free to pick a number . 
`` We are expecting a recession , '' says Donald Franklin , chief economist at Schroders investment bank . 
Total turnover in Glaxo was a thin 975,000 shares . 
Although time and place have yet to be determined , some details are in place . 
Sales fell 2.5 % to $ 1.54 billion from $ 1.58 billion . 
Mr. Wohlstetter , for example , said he wrote to Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. about program trading after the 190-point Dow plunge , and as in previous queries , `` what I get back is gobbledygook . '' 
Yield on the issue was 7.88 % . 
Sea Containers Ltd. , in a long-awaited move to repel a hostile takeover bid , said it will sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 apiece . 
`` We 've had the Russians and Chinese , and people from India visiting us , '' Mr. Iverson beams . 
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses . 
Mr. Smith 's managers have , at times , been called `` Ho Chi Minh 's Guerrillas . '' 
a - Ex-dividend . 
Most unusual will be water-borne commuters from the East Bay towns of Oakland and Berkeley . 
`` We think we 're on target in looking for renewed economic deterioration , '' he said . 
Moody 's said its rating changes actions `` reflect CS First Boston 's aggressive merchant banking risk as well as the risk profile of its current merchant banking exposures . '' 
By yesterday afternoon , Air Force transport planes began moving additional rescue and medical supplies , physicians , communications equipment and FEMA personnel to California . 
These units were handling calls both from people in the San Francisco area and from computers themselves , which are set to dial Digital automatically when trouble arises . 
Some individuals went to some lengths on their own to avoid the anticipated gridlock . 
BellSouth 's `` back-end protection was flawed previously . 
In April , Hoechst , the largest producer of CFCs in West Germany , said it wanted to reduce production of the product by 50 % by 1993 . 
The joke here is that the Giants lost by de fault . 
All are expected to reopen soon . 
She made money , but spent more . 
George L. LaMore , president and chief executive officer , will become chairman and chief executive upon Mr. Cunin 's retirement . 
Radio stations provided an emergency number for people who smelled gas but did n't know how to turn off their gas supply . 
Under terms of the sale , Nuggets owner Sidney Shlenker could receive up to $ 11 million in additional payments from the franchise 's future earnings . 
WHO 'S NEWS : 
Many clothiers , especially Ralph Lauren , have cashed in on the recent popularity of updated Ivy League and English styles . 
The text of the `` new policy '' guidelines from the Criminal Division are reprinted nearby . 
The big question is whether the new president will have the strength and the political support in Congress to take steps to cure Brazil 's economic ills . 
If I die early , I win -- a hollow victory , since I ca n't enjoy it -- and if I live long , the insurer wins . 
Canadian steel production totaled 290,541 metric tons in the week ended Oct. 21 , a 5.1 % increase from 276,334 tons the previous week but a 7.2 % decline from 313,125 tons a year earlier , Statistics Canada said . 
Try as they might , the Communists could neither replace nor break him . 
Although the board believed that Mr. Icahn is more interested in talking the stock price higher than acquiring USX , it adopted a poison-pill defense , to be swallowed if anyone amasses a 15 % stake . 
Texas is big and beautiful and they live here , that 's all . 
But most of them , led by Morgan Stanley & Co. , moved back in earlier this year . 
Northeast 's raised bid , which was supported by PS of New Hampshire 's official shareholder committee , is a prelude to what is expected to be a round of higher bids by the other groups trying to acquire the company , the largest utility in New Hampshire . 
A master of pork-barrel politics , he had crafted the $ 2.85 billion package in vintage style and used the full force of his chairmanship to keep the proposal intact and dismiss any alternative . 
What has jolted many junk buyers is the sudden realization that junk bonds can not necessarily be bought and sold with the ease of common stocks and many investment-grade bonds . 
The small U.S. firms are persisting because of their strong positions in patents , and because the prize is still there to be seized . 
International copyright secured . 
They know that they can hold off the ghosts only a little while longer by cutting carriers and ships . 
They tried to put Mr. Maynard out of business by an act of Congress . 
Still , `` I understand the reasons '' that other states are holding out , he said . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
`` The sell-off would probably have been worse if the dollar had been strong , '' he said . 
Proponents of expanding FHA programs say they merely want to help home buyers who are frozen out of high-priced markets . 
Richard M. Greenwood , Valley National 's executive vice president , said then that the company believed the write-downs were `` adequate '' and did n't plan to increase its reserves again . 
The percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year , while the coupon equivalent yield is based on a 365-day year . 
Dan J. Hartwell , 41 , executive vice president of Bank One , Dover , was named president and chief executive of the Dover bank , succeeding Mr. Pissocra . 
It 's uncertain if the pilots will continue to do so without a contract settlement . 
Total revenue is expected to double to more than $ 22 million from $ 10.8 million . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , the company closed yesterday at $ 45.50 a share , up 25 cents . 
Du Pont also announced plans for a 3-for-1 stock split , although the initial higher dividend will be paid on pre-split shares . 
X-rays have problems , too . 
The refinancing of $ 481 million in long-term debt reduced net income by $ 22 million , or five cents a share , but in the long run will save more than $ 250 million in interest costs . 
The lack of a strong product at the high end of Digital 's line was a significant drag on sales . 
If corporate bonds are bad in recessions , junk bonds are likely to be the worst of all . 
I personally do not want to hasten Mr. Lehman 's demise , but I can see him figuring prominently in his own article . 
THE FEDERAL COURT of appeals in Manhattan ruled that the dismissal of a 1980 indictment against former Bank of Crete owner George Koskotas should be reconsidered . 
Unemployment , for example , has continued to decline , and the September trade figures showed increases in both imports and exports . 
Nonetheless , Mr. Kurnit said that the latest decisions are having a chilling effect . 
`` It s almost product de jour , '' grouses one account executive at Dean Witter . 
`` There certainly has n't been a panic reaction , '' said Steven Norwitz , a vice president at T. Rowe Price Associates . 
`` We do know there are slight differences in the way human and animal insulins drive down blood sugar , '' Dr. Sobel said . 
As a result of last year 's decline , the government 's estimate for the number of people living below the poverty line declined by about 500,000 . 
Soon after that report , two other research teams uncovered evidence that the same damaged p53 gene is present in tissue from lung and breast cancers . 
The Sun concluded that Mr. Pierce is only part of the problem -- and a part that 's gone . 
After completing the sale and paying debts , the trust and corporation will consider a number of options including a stock repurchase , payment of special dividend or investment in more gaming properties . 
The sudden growth of the opposition movement , together with the steady outflow of citizens escaping through Poland and Hungary , has plunged the country into its deepest political crisis since an anti-Soviet workers ' uprising in 1953 . 
Buell recently said it would incur an aftertax charge of about $ 3.6 million in its fourth quarter ending Tuesday , in connection with the sale and discontinuance of several lines at a plant . 
In over-the-counter trading , MGM Grand was bid at $ 17.50 a share . 
In developing that theme at Interpublic Group of Cos . ' Lintas : New York unit , account supervisor Lisa Buksbaum says she made a `` couple of phone calls '' to Dallas ad friends and reported her `` findings '' to a team of writers . 
He previously held posts of senior vice president of compliance and senior vice president and general counsel . 
But the first quarter of the year is generally the weakest and OPEC production does n't seem to be slackening in anticipation of that . 
Many plant floors currently resemble a Tower of Babel , with computers , robots and machine tools that generally speak their own language and have trouble talking to each other . 
6:50 a.m . 
Longer term , the impact is unclear . 
Mr. Phelan has n't been making public remarks in recent days , and many people have urged him to take more of a leadership role on the program trading issue . 
Civil suits against planners by clients seeking recovery of funds are increasingly common . 
Officials say it is clear that alternate routes ca n't handle the overflow . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. , buoyed by improved operating profit in its tire segment , reported that third-quarter net income rose 11 % to $ 70.5 million , or $ 1.22 a share . 
The public sector borrowing requirement , the most widely used measure of Britain 's government deficit or surplus , showed a deficit of # 200 million in September , compared with a deficit of # 765 million in August and a deficit of # 1.08 billion in September 1988 , the Treasury said . 
In particular , advisers say , investors may want to look at securities that reduce the risk that CD holders are confronting right now , of having to reinvest the proceeds of maturing short-term certificates at lower rates . 
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power . 
The Merksamer bankruptcy-law filing appears to supersede that agreement . 
Such rate increases `` will increase the total cost of U.S. products and slow down the rate of increase of U.S. exports , '' said Richard Connors , a senior vice president of Yusen Air & Sea Service U.S.A. Inc. , the U.S. air-freight-forwarding subsidiary of Nippon Yusen Kaisha of Japan . 
The Lok Sabha , or lower house of Parliament , has 542 elected and two appointed seats . 
Eprex , used by dialysis patients who are anemic , and Prepulsid , a gastro-intestinal drug , did well overseas , he said . 
Daffynition 
Orin Kramer , an insurance consultant in New York , estimates that the 1906 San Francisco destruction , on an inflation-adjusted basis , included insured losses of $ 5.8 billion . 
But she asks a workman toting the bricks from the lawn to give her a boost through an open first-floor window . 
A huge silver stockpile at exchanges , refiners , consuming industries and government warehouses of at least 617 million ounces is the market depressant , says Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. in a report . 
Other analysts are nearly as pessimistic . 
But yesterday 's announcement indicates that Ford has n't lost interest . 
The company said the plant will ensure that it has adequate energy for the mill and will reduce the mill 's energy costs . 
Instead , the Fed could buy the broad market composites in the futures market . 
A Coke spokesman said he could n't say whether that is the direction of the talks . 
The prices of most livestock futures contracts had dropped sharply Monday . 
A year earlier sales totaled 7.567 billion francs . 
Economists said the bond market 's strength also is a sign that investors expect the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates amid growing evidence that the economy is slowing . 
The discount rate on three-month bills rose to 7.52 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75 % . 
Details of the plan , which would go into effect in 1993 , are sketchy , but each player would apparently be paid a base salary keyed to his position and ability . 
The accord with MIPS calls for Control Data to share its expertise in data storage , the companies said . 
And sometimes a reputable charity with a household name gets used and does n't even know it . 
This time , however , some analysts think he could face a real battle . 
Which types of stocks are most likely to qualify ? 
He said the ordinance also will benefit the mentally retarded . 
Last week , Sen. Malcolm Wallop ( R. , Wyo . ) held hearings on a bill to strengthen an existing law designed to reduce regulatory hassles for small businesses . 
At the core of it all is a love for plants . '' 
Last year , 45,000 went . 
Western Union had offered to swap each $ 1,000 face amount of the notes for six shares of common stock and two new debt issues : a $ 500 note paying an interest rate starting at 16.75 % annually and rising in later years , due in 1992 , and a $ 500 note , due in 1997 , paying a fixed rate of 17 % and including rights protecting a holder against a decline in the trading price of the bond . 
Lawsuits over the harm caused by DES have flooded federal and state courts in the past decade . 
The units are autonomous from U.S. attorneys ' offices and focus exclusively on prosecuting organized-crime cases . 
In addition , the chairman has a wary eye aimed a year or two down the road . 
No one panicked , '' a spokeswoman says . 
The fund has about $ 1 billion and is set up to handle `` precisely the kind of emergency '' the state faces , said Tom Beermann , the Governor 's deputy press secretary . 
Soviet firms that hold some are unwilling to part with it , and joint ventures are n't yet allowed to participate . 
Intel eased 1\/8 to 31 7\/8 . 
`` Clients want to see more of our senior people involved in the business -- not once a month , but two or three times a week , '' he said . 
Mr. Lee , president of Luzon Petrochemical Corp. , said the contract was signed Wednesday in Tokyo with USI Far East officials . 
The decision to keep the embattled F-14 's production line running for at least another year is an important victory for the House , and especially for Rep. Les Aspin ( D. , Wis . ) . 
`` I 'm on my own land , '' Mr. Pyszkiewicz says . 
Mr. Kume made the earnings projection for fiscal 1990 , ending next March 31 , in an interview with U.S. automotive writers attending the Tokyo Motor Show . 
The latest quarter included a gain of $ 193.3 million , or $ 2.46 a share , from the sale of New York Times Cable , completed in August . 
Mr. Bartlett managed to more or less maintain Moliere 's Alexandrine verse form , 12 syllable lines in rhyming couplets . 
Kadane Oil Co. , a small Texas independent , is currently drilling two wells itself and putting money into three others . 
-- Marvin Alisky . 
One research institute calculated that as much as 67 % of corporate-owned land is held by 403 companies -- and that as little as 1.5 % of that is used for business . 
Almost simultaneously , PaineWebber began a very visible buy program for dozens of stocks . 
`` They even drop semi-obscure names like Wolfgang Flottl , whom everybody these days apparently has heard of but no one really knows , '' says Mr. Revson . 
The last of the measurements reported was in 1985 , but recent conversations with Mr. Scotto indicated that he knew of no recent changes in the trend . 
Meanwhile , the Treasury sold $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills yesterday . 
In March , N M Rothschild in London and Rothschild Bank in Zurich showed assets of # 4.1 billion ( $ 6.51 billion ) and 1.26 billion Swiss francs ( $ 774 million ) , respectively . 
The three existing plants and their land will be sold . 
Mr. Terra said in the filing that he sold the stock to decrease his position in the Evanston , Ill. , banking concern . 
One recent Saturday morning he stayed inside the Capitol monitoring tax-and-budget talks instead of flying to San Francisco for a fund-raiser and then to his hometown of Chicago for the 30th reunion of St. Ignatius High School . 
Given enough of these , this will drive everyone out except the most hardy , '' he adds . 
Stroking his trademark white goatee during a recent interview , the diminutive Swede quips : `` It turned out to be lucky for us . 
Security is 60 % to 70 % of the common area charges of these centers , vs. an industry average of about 15 % . 
Anthony Wang , president , attributed the drop to the disruption of the company 's business resulting from the prolonged process of acquiring Cullinet . 
The young farmer makes money on the few hogs he sells here . 
National Convenience 's move is likely to be echoed by other chains , though analysts note that Southland Corp. , owner of 7-Eleven stores , and Circle K Corp. are too debt-heavy to roll out such an extensive effort . 
GE Capital Corp. , a financial services subsidiary of General Electric Co. , is providing Merksamer management with $ 15 million in financing . 
President Bush has the power to change how Washington works , if only he will use it . 
Mr. Redford , like it or not , is like a braking system on a runaway truck , kind of slowing it down into control . 
But British Air , which was to have supplied $ 750 million out of $ 965 million in equity financing , apparently was n't involved in the second proposal and could well reject it even if banks obtain financing . 
No strikeout , but certainly no home run . 
Few American officials were willing any longer to defend him . 
The executive recalls Mr. Corry whispering to him and others , `` Remember , this was Dave 's deal . '' 
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission ruled unanimously that the financial troubles facing the Seabrook , N.H. , nuclear-power plant have no impact on whether the plant receives a full-power license . 
Why , he used to lay in wait for Cap ; suddenly he 'd leap from behind some statue of Marshall onto Cap 's chest and grab him by the throat and choke him till he coughed up an additional $ 2 billion or so . 
`` I 'm too old to waste a weekend , but that 's what I did , '' the 48-year-old Mr. Juliano moans . 
But last month new construction in all types of homes waned , from single-family houses to large apartment complexes . 
But when Mr. Maynard came forward with his machine in the early 1970s nobody else was offering them in the U.S. . 
Along the way , the quake toppled a mall in Santa Cruz , knocked down buildings in San Francisco 's fashionable Marina District and sent a wall of bricks crashing on motorists in the city 's Financial District . 
Under Mikhail Gorbachev 's perestroika , the Soviets have sought economic ties all over the world , including new export markets . 
The profit rate is still low and the Q ratio was only 65 % in 1987 and 68.9 % in 1988 . 
Gold-oriented funds , for instance , which invest in companies that mine and process the precious metal , posted an average decline of 1.15 % . 
`` Readers do n't want to face all those ad pages at the front of a magazine , '' he said . 
Futures prices eased on indications of improvement in the industry 's labor situation . 
Died : Robert V. Van Fossan , 63 , chairman of Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Co. , Sunday , in Morristown , N.J. , of cancer . 
Three competitors bid between 300,000 yen and 500,000 yen , according to the Hiroshima government office . 
Diamond-Star said it will export about 1,500 Eclipse cars to Japan by year 's end . 
Both men were charged in a subordinate court and released on bail of S$ 1 million . 
South Africa negotiated a new debt agreement with its major foreign creditors for about $ 8 billion of its foreign debt outstanding , said Chris Stals , governor of the Reserve Bank and the country 's chief debt negotiator . 
In Australia , Britain , Canada and Greece , Brown-Forman Corp. has increased its marketing of Southern Comfort Liqueur . 
The intruder , among the broadest yet to hit a research network , appeared to affect only Digital Equipment Corp. hardware that uses Digital 's VAX\/VMS operating system . 
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } . 
Van Nghe quickly made influential enemies . 
Trading volume on the New York Stock Exchange dwindled to only 126.6 million shares yesterday as major brokerage firms continued to throw in the towel on program trading . 
Digital , however , does n't expect to displace IBM mainframes that are already installed at big companies . 
The devices might someday serve as temporary pacemakers or restarters for stopped hearts , says Dr. Tacker , whose prototype was dubbed the `` Tacker whacker . '' 
Mr. Rosen is also pushing retail sales . 
Golar Gas Holding Co. , a subsidiary of Gotaas-Larsen Shipping Corp. , offering of $ 280 million first preferred ship mortgage notes , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index gained 0.03 to 347.16 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 0.02 to 325.50 , and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.05 to 192.12 . 
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
Activity in derivative markets was strong with four new real estate mortgage investment conduits announced and talk of several more deals in today 's session . 
Las Vegas has seen nothing quite like it before . 
Curiously , Randall Arney as Teddy seems the only cast member unable to get beyond the zombie approach to a Pinter character . 
`` It 's an attractive market with good growth opportunities , '' he added . 
The size and pace of disbursements will accelerate further under the Brady Plan , which promises larger and earlier disbursements to approved countries . 
Note that the younger couple 's portfolio has a higher expected annual return , 10.1 % vs. 8.8 % , as calculated by Seidman Financial Services , which is the financial-planning affiliate of BDO Seidman . 
Without buffer stocks , inflation exploded . 
DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation . 
Bashing the D.C. government is risk-free for members of Congress , who do not have to answer to their own constituents for it . 
You get a rain at the wrong time and the crop is ruined . '' 
A year ago , Silicon Graphics introduced a model priced at $ 15,000 -- almost as cheap as mainstream workstations that do n't offer special graphics features . 
A ministry official said the growth leads to the conclusion the adverse effects of a consumption tax introduced in April have diminished . 
AT&T already has a factory in Matamoros , Mexico , to make electrical devices . 
He thinks that without a recession copper prices could exceed a high of $ 1.65 a pound , which was reached last year . 
Chairman and CEO Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. Owings Mills , Md . 
The harvest arrives in plenty after last year 's drought-ravaged effort : The government estimates corn output at 7.45 billion bushels , up 51 % from last fall . 
Francis M. Wheat , a former Securities and Exchange Commission member , headed the panel that had studied the issues for a year and proposed the FASB on March 30 , 1972 . 
The market 's wild week may speed along the market-reform legislation that has been pending for months in the aftermath of the 1987 crash . 
He chastises Jo Franklin-Trout for her inept presentation of advocacy journalism , judging her project as `` intellectually slipshod . '' 
The new two-year notes were priced with an average yield of 7.74 % . 
But why should an iffy $ 6.79 billion leveraged buy-out deal shake the foundations of the entire stock market ? 
Duck swarms . 
NEW BEER : 
The answer seems perfectly clear . 
Revenue rose 3 % to $ 9 million from $ 8.8 million . 
The question of segregated schools , in Brown vs. Board of Education , was such an issue . 
Stan Hathcock , an Atlanta garage owner who opposes a longer warranty , estimates that the current plan costs him as much as $ 15,000 a year in lost business . 
She issued a separate statement , separating herself from a Commonwealth document reasserting the political value of imposing sanctions against South Africa . 
Such requirements , they argue , make it difficult to provide a basic , low-cost health-benefits package . 
That 's based on a multiple of anywhere between 8.5 to 10 times UAL earnings , which are estimated to come in somewhere around $ 16 a share this year . 
The buy-out group is also entitled to $ 16 million to repay a fund created by the pilots union for an employee stock ownership plan . 
Warner-Lambert , Morris Plains , N.J. , reported sales that were a record for any quarter and the eighth quarter in a row of 20 % or more per-share earnings growth . 
Besides sacking other senior Politburo officials who allied themselves with Mr. Honecker , Mr. Krenz could loosen controls on the news media , free up travel restrictions , and establish a dialogue with various dissident groups . 
Yesterday 's conference agreement is the second major bill to emerge from negotiations this week , as appropriators approved a fiscal 1990 transportation bill late Monday that includes a sweeping ban on smoking on most domestic airline flights . 
Another suggestion would draw banks more directly into tracking down money launderers by developing a `` suspicious international wire transfer profile , '' which banks would use to spotlight questionable payments . 
Yesterday , Mr. Skase said the company is `` solvent and with the continued support of its bankers is able to meet its financial commitments . '' 
Most of the mailers are free , but Denver-based Financial Programs sells , for $ 15 , a version customized to the age of the child and the college of choice . 
Last month , the General Accounting Office reported that defaults in Federal Housing Administration guarantees were five times as high as previously estimated , and that FHA 's equity fell to minus $ 2.9 billion . 
In this case , the investor 's risk would n't exceed 3.6 % of the total investment . 
West Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was at 99.95 late yesterday , off 0.10 point from Monday , to yield 7.01 % . 
A year ago , the Tokyo company had pretax profit of 35.38 billion yen . 
Mobil 's latest move could signal the beginning of further reductions by other oil companies in their domestic oil-producing operations . 
Some entrepreneurs say the red tape they most love to hate is red tape they would also hate to lose . 
Hoses and plastics together account for about 42 % of Trinova 's total annual sales . 
Strokes , heart attacks , leg pains ( intermittent claudication ) and other problems stem from clogging of the arteries by cholesterol-rich deposits . 
James E. Ousley , computer products group president , said such arrangements could help slash Control Data 's computer research and development costs in half by the end of 1990 . 
The average six-month bill was sold with a yield of 8.04 % , up from 7.90 % . 
In my research , I have found a paper by Joseph Scotto of the National Cancer Institute and several colleagues reporting an 11-year decrease in UV-B radiation at eight U.S. measurement sites . 
For the nine months , the electronics and defense concern had net of $ 255.8 million , or $ 2.70 a share , down 5.6 % from $ 271 million , or $ 3.01 a share , in the year-ago period . 
`` The World Series , seven nights , was n't enough of an incentive , '' says Arnold Klinsky of WHEC-TV in Rochester , which dropped CBS for NBC six weeks ago . 
There was no immediate estimate of damage from the company . 
PS New Hampshire received a sweetened $ 2.25 billion offer from Northeast Utilities , likely spurring a new round of bidding for the utility . 
About 5.4 million Jaguar shares changed hands in active trading on London 's stock exchange Friday , and Jaguar shares moved up 19 pence to 696 pence ( $ 11 ) . 
Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Ford said then it would keep the Scorpio . 
A major chunk of the $ 2 billion is expected to be eaten up by overtime for city workers deployed in the emergency , said a spokesman for Mr. Agnos . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do n't have much to gain from a protracted battle . 
The $ 99 CD-ROM disk ( it can only be played on an Apple Macintosh computer at the moment ) combines animation , music and sound . 
According to a trader at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , the hardest hit junk bonds were those issued by RJR Holdings Capital Corp. , which are the easiest to sell . 
In any case , says Dr. Minna of the National Cancer Institute , `` We 're witnessing the discovery of one of the most important steps in the genesis of cancer . 
The latest earnings reflect an increase of about 5.5 million in common shares outstanding . 
But the cosmetic changes are n't expected to win over Britain . 
The companies said the accord was unanimously approved by a special committee of Erbamont directors unaffiliated with Montedison . 
NASA defended itself vigorously and successfully against a Rifkin suit to block the Galileo launch . 
The joint venture licenses a portfolio of about 1,400 patents and patent applications relating to optical-disk recording technology . 
In addition , in any survey , there is always the chance that other factors such as question wording could introduce errors into the findings . 
Ronald Kirk , president , says Lloyd 's has suffered because its structure does n't allow underwriters to deal directly with clients ; brokers are required intermediaries . 
The Labor Department said wage settlements in the third quarter called for average annual wage increases of 3.6 % in the first year and 3.0 % over the life of the contracts . 
`` We 've had whopping declines in consumer energy prices in each of the past three months , and at the wholesale level those are fully behind us now , '' said Jay Woodworth , chief domestic economist at Bankers Trust Co. in New York . 
Where non-violent civil disobedience is the centerpiece , rather than a lawful demonstration that may only attract crime , it is difficult to justify . 
Once the consolidation is complete , Bethlehem plans to concentrate its forgings business on nuclear fabrication , hardened steel and large-diameter steel rolls for rolling mills and selected custom-die applications . 
Some maintain underwriters also have been inept . 
But art that has fallen sharply in value is rarely put up for sale . 
The subject will be written into the plots of prime-time shows , and viewers will be given a 900 number to call . 
Paramount Domestic TV and MCA TV formed a joint venture last month , named Premier Advertiser Sales , to sell advertising in programs syndicated by both companies , such as `` Star Trek : the Next Generation , '' `` Charles in Charge '' and `` Friday the 13th : the Series . '' 
This is that the Reagan Revolution spanning Eastern Europe and Tiananmen Square shows the power of ideas unencumbered by international civil servants or government functionaries . 
Back in the Soviet Union she was a respected journalist , writing a weekly column about the national cuisine for Sunday Izvestia . 
Apple Computer Inc. has doubled its staff here over the past year . 
Now , it 's Mr. Icahn 's move . 
It was n't clear where Santa Fe Pacific expected to obtain the payment of more than $ 500 million , which would be well above the $ 400 million that California pension fund officials say they plan to provide . 
Among the other high-yielding funds , Fidelity 's Spartan Fund had a seven-day compound yield of 9.33 % in the latest week . 
The index , which uses a base of 1981 as 100 , was calculated at 140.91 points in October , from 140.74 in September . 
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program-trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue . 
The text by Patrick O'Connor is a tough read , but the pictures make her magnetism clear and help explain why Ernest Hemingway called Baker `` The most sensational woman anybody ever saw . 
Since the 1950s , federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in credit volume , subsidy rates , and policy applications , spurred on by the growth of government in general and budget gimmicks and deceptive management in particular . 
Where had all the money come from ? 
American Exploration Co. , offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The individual foreign policy carried out by U.S. legislators adds to a confusing U.S. performance that has emboldened Soviet initiatives in Central America . 
A one-time write-off for booking nonexistent revenue was partly to blame , but so were lower profits from a stingier contract with the Army and delays in getting paid . 
People familiar with the company say the board is n't likely to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion buy-out bid that collapsed last week after banks would n't raise needed loans and after a key partner , British Airways PLC , dropped out . 
Mr. Coats plans to offer his proposal as an amendment to a bill to raise the federal debt limit before the end of the month . 
A reading below 50 % indicates that the manufacturing industry is slowing while a reading above 50 % suggests that the industry is expanding . 
Wall Street reacted swiftly yesterday to the disaster by bidding up stocks of construction and related companies . 
But if the investment ca n't be bought or sold immediately , the order is automatically canceled . 
Times have changed . 
The electronics , automotive and aerospace concern said third-quarter net was $ 60 million , or 98 cents a share , down from $ 68 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier . 
Not that the language war is won , even on `` Batibot . '' 
Officials from the American Insurance Association 's property-claim service division , which coordinates the efforts of the claims adjusters in an area after a natural disaster , will be flying to San Francisco today . 
The appeals involved DES , which was approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use from the 1940s until 1971 to prevent miscarriages during pregnancy . 
There can be no quibbling that the Armenians endured terrible suffering , but one has to wonder what possible good such a resolution will achieve . 
In terms of diversions , Denver 's Stapleton International may have experienced the most far-flung : A United flight from Japan was rerouted there . 
The buy-back represents about 3 % of the company 's shares , based on the 3.7 million shares outstanding as of Sept. 30 . 
The commission said that EC television producers lost `` important market shares '' and suffered an `` unsustainable '' pressure on prices because of the Korean companies ' marketing and pricing policies , which it said were `` in clear violation '' of international trade rules . 
The results met estimates of analysts , who had already slashed their projections after the company said in late August that its 1989 earnings could tumble as much as 37 % . 
Municipals 
In a new TV ad , for instance , a woman going through the Sunday newspaper brands as hype claims by other stores that they are offering goods for `` 50 % , 60 % and 70 % off . 
`` Transition '' is a reference to the company 's five-year restructuring effort . 
A grand jury here indicted Norton Co. 's former director of advanced-ceramics research , charging him with interstate transportation of stolen property . 
It 's followed by Stroh Brewery Co. , which has agreed to sell its assets to Coors . 
That settlement represented the first time shareholders were granted a major payment in a greenmail case . 
Jerome Grossman , chairman of the panel , agrees that administrative costs of utilization management programs can be high . 
Experts say such long hours for attendants pose a safety risk . 
Investors in B.A.T have been on a roller coaster . 
And the league is trying to get more for its three-year national network contract , which expires after this season . 
But meanwhile , USAir is expected to show losses or lackluster profit for several quarters as it tries to digest Piedmont Airlines , which it acquired . 
But losers were spread in a broad range by the end of the session . 
Moody 's Investors Service said it lowered its rating on about $ 75 million of this Chatsworth , Calif. , concern 's convertible subordinated debentures , due 2012 , to Caa from B2 . 
The company , which currently has 13.5 million common shares outstanding , said it has no specific plans for the shares . 
The emphasis on market share is evident at Daikin Industries Ltd. , Japan 's biggest maker of industrial air conditioners . 
Texaco Inc. reported an 11 % increase in third-quarter earnings , which it attributed partly to the company 's massive restructuring after it emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings 18 months ago . 
That may soon change . 
It is considered an early signal of Fed credit policy changes . 
Dan Baldwin , managing director of high-yield investments at Chancellor Capital Management , said the Chicago & North Western offering was restructured in part because `` several large insurance buyers right now are demanding equity as part of the package . 
CAPITAL TRAVELS to Europe as 1992 unification nears . 
Mr. Craven said both Messrs. Eward and Whittington had planned to leave the bank earlier , but Mr. Craven had persuaded them to remain until the bank was in a healthy position . 
Exxon has made them before , at which point the state demonstrated they were untrue . 
Revenue rose 25 % , to $ 877.6 million , from $ 702.4 million . 
The conversion price for the debentures is $ 41.725 a share . 
It just means that Hong Kong would become a less exciting place . '' 
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit-card receivables . 
House leaders had hoped to follow the Senate 's lead by getting an agreement from House committee chairmen under which they would drop items that would n't reduce the fiscal 1990 budget deficit from the House-passed bill before the negotiations with the Senate began . 
Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock-market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . 
But once a franchisee agrees to a promotional program , the franchiser can demand full participation to the very end , says Lew Rudnick , a principal of Rudnick & Wolfe , a Chicago law firm with franchise industry clients . 
`` Obviously , we are looking at making economies across the board . '' 
A spokesman said later that Mr. Olson was being `` conservative '' in his estimate . 
They worry that new IMF funding of developing countries will simply end up substituting IMF debt for reschedulable commercial bank debt , a bad trade all around . 
Amex short interest climbed 3 % to 53,496,665 shares from 51,911,566 shares . 
`` That is consumer issues . '' 
I 've revised it several times and I think I may say with pride that there is not a single discordant word in the whole text . '' 
The sky filled with 12.8-pound shells , several of which fell back to Earth , destroying homes and buildings . 
It 's still unclear whether Secretary Kemp wants to completely overhaul the engine room at HUD or just tighten a few screws here and there . 
The RICO law has come under criticism from some defendants and defense lawyers . 
That leaves $ 13 , which could be used to buy S&P 500 options that will nearly match any gain in the S&P index . 
That is , with capital gains cut , the glue of the 1986 accord will be gone , and political realities will push up income-tax rates . 
The three insolvent thrifts will maintain normal business hours and operations under RTC-appointed managing agents , while the RTC tries to negotiate permanent resolutions . 
The chancellor sometimes has used the occasion to announce major economic policy changes . 
The company , citing market conditions , postponed a $ 200 million debt offer . 
Last Friday , he told the staff of Ms. that the magazine in January would begin publishing without advertising . 
But the worst possibility would be raising no working capital , he said . 
The market planning and sales promotion office of Nomura Securities Co. , for example , has more than 30 computers for its 60 workers , a respectable ratio . 
It looks to us like a golden opportunity for George Bush to chop off at the knees all this talk about a timid , unserious presidency . 
B.A.T rose five pence ( eight cents ) to 756 pence ( $ 11.91 ) in London yesterday as a late market rally erased a 28-pence fall earlier in the day . 
During that time , a buyer with the clout of a Renaissance could end up driving up the price of stocks it was trying to buy if it tipped its hand . 
Du Pont Co. reported that third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various chemicals and fibers , and in petroleum . 
But London 's problems were nothing compared with the Continent 's . 
The young John Gutfreund had been discovered by Billy Salomon of Salomon Bros. when he was still a bearded liberal , and put to work as a trader , and then as a rough-and-tumble syndicator . 
Mr. Wakeman was vice president of the instrument and controls division of closely held Omega Engineering Inc. , another company controlled by Mr. Hollander . 
`` It 's one thing to say you can sterilize , and another to then successfully pollinate the plant , '' he said . 
Ms. Sinatra sued over the use of her `` These Boots are Made for Walkin ' '' song in the ad . 
Chugai also will help Gen-Probe with its regulatory and marketing expertise in Asia , Mr. Bologna said . 
Some so-called high-quality junk issues , such as R.H. Macy & Co. 's 14 1\/2 % subordinated debentures , rose . 
I can adjust the amount of insurance I want against the amount going into investment ; I can pay more or less than the so-called target premium in a given year ; and I can even skip payments if my cash reserves are enough to cover the insurance portion of the policy . 
Mr. Sung could n't be reached for comment . 
Mr. Guber , by contrast , has been married to one woman for more than 20 years . 
For the third quarter , Belo said its revenue increased 11 % , to $ 101.5 million from $ 91.2 million last year . 
Nucor 's plant in Crawfordsville , Ind. , ultimately will produce only one million tons annually , a drop in the 40-million-ton-a-year flat-rolled steel bucket , and it will be years before such plants can compete in the high-profit market . 
`` Sometimes , '' says his wife , `` we 're happy about that . '' 
Ameritech Corp. 's earnings increased 2.8 % , after strong revenue gains were offset somewhat by refunds and rate reductions imposed by regulators in its Midwest territory . 
The Fed is responsive to , and can not help being responsive to , the more overtly political part of the government . 
Many hairline cracks in the concrete slabs afterwards . 
A network spokesman would n't comment , and ABC Sports officials declined to be interviewed . 
Bankers Trust uses Digital 's VAX to run its huge money-transfer and capital markets accounts , juggling hundreds of billions of dollars each day , he says . 
Says New York-based short seller Mark Cohodes , `` In my mind this is a $ 7 stock . '' 
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place . 
He believed colon cancer might also arise from multiple `` hits '' on cancer suppressor genes , because it often seems to develop in stages . 
Results for the 1988 quarter included a gain of $ 1.05 a share from sale of the Reda Pump and Oilwell Cable units , partly offset by a charge of 69 cents a share for recall of faulty truck steering systems . 
`` It does n't increase benefits , but it 's costly and time-consuming , '' Ms. Fixx says . 
But these players were dead . 
I 'm not going to do anything that is not acceptable in anyone 's home . 
They included one of Mr. Noriega 's closest friends and business partners , Carlos Wittgreen . 
One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker , which seats just one person in front and could hold a small child and bag of groceries in the rear . 
Likewise , in the U.S. , Nissan has grabbed 5.2 % of the car market so far this year , up from 4.5 % a year ago . 
Construction is set to begin in early 1991 . 
The prisons are too crowded . 
McCaw , the largest provider of cellular telephone service in the U.S. , already owns about 9.4 % of LIN 's stock . 
During the next decade , Mr. Kume said , Nissan plans to boost overseas vehicle production sufficiently to account for a majority of sales outside Japan . 
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds . 
Intermoda will initially only send the textile and clothing section of the Quelle catalog , translated into Russian , to Soviet customers who have access to convertible currency . 
The company has promptly paid all its expenses and obligations since March 16 , a Maxicare spokesman said . 
Another major factor in this positive trend was Ronald Reagan 's decision early in his presidency to fight the budget war on the expenditure side rather than raising taxes . 
An increasing number of big Japanese investors are buying up U.S. home mortgages that have been pooled and packaged for sale as interest-bearing instruments known as mortgage-backed securities . 
The sales pitch might n't be as farfetched as it seems . 
A spy was born . 
Coke has been studying the possibility of introducing a caffeine-free Classic for a year , a company spokesman said . 
Ready to jump ? 
The two that remain have n't yet reached the pre-trial fact-finding stage . 
Glass sales to Canadian and European auto makers and sales of replacement auto glass in all markets increased . 
Treasury Securities 
Also , the new stirrings are faint , and some question their extent . 
China 's leaders have promised generous liberties for post-1997 Hong Kong . 
The crowning moment in the career of Joseph F. O'Kicki came as 300 local and state dignitaries packed into his elegant , marble-columned courtroom here last year for his swearing in as President Judge of Cambria County . 
`` Now , Philip Morris { Kraft General Foods ' parent company } is committed to the coffee business and to increased advertising for Maxwell House , '' says Dick Mayer , president of the General Foods USA division . 
Eastern at the time disputed those assessments and called the experts ' report `` completely off base . '' 
F-16 deliveries also have fallen `` slightly behind schedule , '' although a return to the previous schedule is expected in 1990 , the company said . 
( Turner Broadcasting will pay CBS $ 25 million to air 50 hours of CBS coverage plus 50 hours of additional events . ) 
David Boren , the Intelligence Committee chairman , is upset that someone leaked a letter to the committee from the Reagan administration suggesting that the U.S. would undertake to warn Panamanian thug Manuel Noriega if it got wind of an impending coup that might result in his assassination . 
Vickers said its offer also includes an option to receive a redeemable loan note in lieu of cash . 
Warren Buffett has been on record as opposing stock-index futures since their inception in 1982 . 
They are worth more because they pay higher interest than newly issued bonds do . 
Elected as directors were Mr. Hollander , Frederick Ezekiel , Frederick Ross , Arthur B. Crozier and Rose Pothier . 
But reform has n't taken hold yet . 
Lion Nathan and PepsiCola Australia , a unit of PepsiCo Inc. of the U.S. , did n't say why Cadbury Schweppes will no longer hold the franchise . 
Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.83 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
The outlook on both federal bills is uncertain , especially remembering the 1987 defeat . 
Industry analysts have said that the purchase price for the paper was too high , causing a strain on Goodson 's finances . 
Typically , banks offer CD yields higher than those on Treasury bills , which are considered the safest short-term investments ; banks need a competitive edge to sell their products . 
But they are also talking about new magazines . 
Turner has made several movies , docudramas and documentaries for its networks in recent years , but the company has never acted as a full-fledged movie studio and released its own pictures to theaters . 
Today , Mr. Lang believes his magazines will offer what many women 's magazines do n't . 
Business , however , continues to be `` robust , '' and the stock market has n't affected the concern 's expansion plans , says Todd Krasnow , a senior executive . 
Time Warner has vigorously denied all of Viacom 's allegations . 
Ship lines operating in the Pacific plan to raise rates on containers carrying U.S. exports to Asia about 10 % , effective next April . 
`` I 'm the secretary-general , if there is one , '' he says , greeting a visitor to his office . 
Gov. George Deukmejian , who said he had been assured by state transportation officials that the structure could withstand an even larger quake , called for an immediate investigation . 
If the company can start to ship during this quarter , it could stem some , if not all of the red ink , he said . 
If the matter requires further legal work or litigation , Mr. Cane says , his lawyers may refer the client to a law firm . 
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed . 
Congress 's ham-handed treatment of the existing structure of junk-bond holdings reminds us of a story in the Journal earlier this year about the Baby Bell companies ' desire to have the court-ordered bans lifted on offering information services . 
Investors welcomed the move . 
Tell us about the HUD scandals . 
Nissan has increased earnings more than market share by cutting costs and by taking advantage of a general surge in Japanese car sales . 
But sales of domestic cars and trucks at Nissan Motor Corp. rose 26.1 % to 5,651 . 
The molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor , which directs the growth and function of white blood cells . 
`` Some Japanese executives are not yet ... comfortable about sharing strategic information with their American colleagues , '' the researchers say . 
Prior to a tender offer by A&P for Waldbaum Inc. in 1986 , the founder of the Waldbaum 's supermarket chain called an elderly relative to tell her to assemble her stock certificates for delivery . 
`` They say , ` Johnny Payson got $ 53 million for his , so certainly $ 10 million is n't too much for mine . ' 
It was nothing more or nothing less than a feeding frenzy . '' 
A year earlier , Flowers had fiscal first-quarter net income of $ 8 million , or 23 cents a share , on revenue of $ 170.4 million . 
If there 's somethin' strange in your neighborhood ... 
When they reapportion their districts after the 1990 census , every other municipality and state in the country will face this issue . 
`` This is America , '' he says . 
Try combining a money fund and an intermediate-term bond fund as a low-risk bet on falling rates , suggests Back Bay Advisors Inc. , a mutual fund unit of New England Insurance Co . 
Lawmakers , they say , would avoid putting many spending projects into legislation in the first place for fear of the embarrassment of having them singled out for a line-item veto later . 
Reducing those rates moderately ( say , to 75 % ) would still provide substantial assistance to borrowers . 
`` There is incredible negative psychology building in the market , '' said Donna Avedisian , a vice president at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
So I said , ` Hello . ' 
State Farm said about 25 % of its policyholders in California have also purchased earthquake insurance . 
Besides the marketing agreement , GRE said Nationwide Anglia has agreed to develop life insurance products with the composite insurer . 
If the case is converted to Chapter 7 , what remains of the oil tycoon 's once-vast estate -- now believed to have a value of less than $ 125 million -- would be sold off quickly with most of the proceeds going to the Internal Revenue Service , whose claim for $ 300 million in back taxes has priority in the case . 
`` Banks want to remain competitive , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote . 
THE U.S. . IS REQUIRED to notify foreign dictators of certain coup plans . 
The worker 's tart reply : `` It 's more than just travel . 
The year-earlier nine months include a gain of $ 35 million , or 13 cents a share , from sale of the company 's Electricity Control & Transformers division . 
Tim Pettee , an analyst with Merrill Lynch & Co. , said : `` The business turned faster than expected . 
The 27-year-old coffee cartel had to be formally dissolved this summer . 
Local service revenue increased 3.5 % and directory and unregulated business revenue jumped 9.5 % . 
Business was slow because many companies were closed yesterday . 
Thus , in an unprecedented arrangement underscoring the seriousness of the transfer , the CBOE , the American Stock Exchange and the Options Clearing Corp. , as well as the firm 's owner , Stephen Fossett , put up a total of $ 50 million to guarantee the customer positions being transferred to the bank holding company subsidiary in case the market plunged again yesterday . 
Most of us know a sucker . 
Nine-month sales were $ 2.79 billion , up 8.2 % from $ 2.58 billion a year earlier . 
There was a wanted poster offering `` Rewards for the Arrest of Express and Train Robbers Frank James and Jesse W. James '' and the original Pinkerton 's logo with an open eye and the inscription `` We Never Sleep , '' which inspired the phrase `` private eye . '' 
TVA , in its first public debt offering in 15 years , sold $ 4 billion of long-term and intermediate-term securities last week . 
For each poll , the odds are 19 out of 20 that if pollsters had sought to survey every household in the U.S. using the same questionnaire , the findings would differ from these poll results by no more than 2 1\/2 percentage points in either direction . 
THE STOCK of Applied Power Inc. , which split 2-for-1 in May , has risen since August 1988 . 
But the pullout is an embarrassment to New York City officials , coming at a time of high office building vacancy rates and departures by other major companies . 
`` The market was caught totally the wrong way ... . 
The North Texas Chevy Dealers recently had a record sales month after the debut of ad campaign that thumbs its nose at elite Easterners . 
In the aftermath of the California earthquake , President Bush and his aides flew into a whirlwind of earthquake-related activity yesterday morning . 
Mr. Guttman told one person familiar with the New York exchanges during the search for a replacement that he was looking for a president who would be `` responsive to the needs of the membership and the board . '' 
But Ramtron of Colorado Springs , Colo. , plans to start shipping commercial quantities of simple ferroelectric chips in December . 
In their quest to perfect apartheid , the Orange Workers have discovered a truth that most of privileged white South Africa tries mightily to deny : The master ca n't become dependent on the slave and expect to remain master forever . 
Mr. Chan now produces 1,000 bicycle and motorbike tires a month and 1,000 tins of tire-patching glue in the son 's small house . 
Hold on to those funny braids ! you wanted to caution her as the sets started to roll around once more . 
It 's impossible to say exactly how much of the total charity intake is devoured by stratospheric fund-raising costs , high-living operators , and downright fraud . 
The National Institutes of Health policy would require researchers to cut financial ties with health-care businesses -- or lose their government money . 
Back then , Mr. Pinter was not only the angry young British playwright , but also the first to use silences and sentence fragments and menacing stares , almost to the exclusion of what we previously understood to be theatrical dialogue . 
In Houston , we have seen how bad the housing problem can become . 
Ciba Corning , which had been a 50-50 venture between Basel-based Ciba-Geigy and Corning , has annual sales of about $ 300 million , the announcement said . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
Georgia-Pacific , which has suspended its stock-repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp . 
Still , Akzo has n't yet found a way to achieve another goal : a large presence in the U.S. market for prescription drugs . 
It is famous as the winter home of the whooping crane , that symbol of the destruction of wild America . 
Every Order , Resolution , or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of Adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the Same shall take Effect , shall be approved by him , or being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives , according to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill . 
He simply ca n't stomach the taste of Heinz , she says . 
Within a matter of weeks , less-conservative magazines reported that members of the ruling LDP had received much larger donations from pachinko organizations . 
The rub , he says , is that `` the junk market is n't as deep '' as before . 
What few comments he has initiated have been oblique , such as urging `` greater efforts toward the protection of human life '' at a meeting of Catholic lawyers in Boston last month . 
It is one of a series of studies on health commissioned by the New York Business Group , a non-profit organization with about 300 members . 
Stock prices fell broadly in heavy trading , dominated by futures-related program selling and further declines by UAL and other airline stocks . 
In the year-ago quarter , the company reported earnings of $ 2.2 million , or 35 cents a share . 
Conventional wisdom has long held that anywhere from one-fourth to one-half of all elderly long-term care patients are obliged to spend themselves into poverty before qualifying for Medicaid assistance . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , down more than 60.25 points early in the day , finished 18.65 points lower at 2638.73 . 
But a congressional source close to the panel said the rule only covered coup plans directly involving the U.S. . 
A Kellogg officer , who asked not to be named , said the Memphis project was `` pulled in for a reconsideration of costs , '' an indication that the ambitious plans might be scaled back in any future construction . 
More carefully targeted intervention might actually reduce the need for government action . 
The contract will be based on the three-month Hong Kong interbank offered rate , or Hibor . 
OPEC 's ability to produce more oil than it can sell is starting to cast a shadow over world oil markets . 
`` That 's just nonsense . '' 
An excellent environmental actor he is . 
But the higher mortgage ceiling is only the starter kit for what Senator Alan Cranston and Majority Leader George Mitchell have in mind for housing . 
The agency expects the bids to be equivalent of more than $ 80 million . 
Translation : Motorola appears to have taken a Hitachi technology that is patented in the U.S. , Hitachi says , and `` tried to make it look like a new technology . '' 
`` The bottom line is that it 's more hand to mouth than it has been before , '' he said . 
Even in Denenchofu , one of Tokyo 's richest neighborhoods , Mr. Morishita 's splashy brick manor -- one of some 10 houses he owns -- outshines the neighbors ' . 
Some analysts believe the company has the ability to pinpoint the trough in interest-rate cycles . 
Whittle Communications L.P. , which for months has fought a public relations battle with education leaders , said it has signed 500 schools in 24 states to subscribe to the controversial Channel One news program and its sister programs . 
It now is quietly circulating among creditors a preliminary plan to restructure debt . 
If they were to insist on a low bid of , say $ 200 a share , the board might n't be able to obtain a higher offer from other bidders because banks might hesitate to finance a transaction the pilots oppose . 
Mr. Darman 's inclination to save the sequester was backed up yesterday by White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater : 
On military alternatives if the U.S. pulls back : `` The Soviets already are present . 
The latter 's son , Ralph Ingersoll Jr. , took over the company and has been managing the Goodson properties and acting as an agent in the purchase of newspapers for Goodson . 
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems . 
The short answer , on a fundamental basis , is that airline analysts say the stock is worth somewhere between $ 135 and $ 150 a share . 
Within six years many figures were convicted for their illegal abuse of Franklin funds . 
For 1989 's first nine months , Capital Cities net income grew 23 % to $ 303.7 million , or $ 16.97 a share , from $ 246.9 million , or $ 14.43 a share . 
Last year she boasted to HG magazine : `` I 'd never looked at a garden in my life . '' 
The exchange should take a pro-active position . '' 
McDonald 's Mr. Millis said Goodyear appeared to have held or gained some market share in the U.S. for the first time since the second quarter of 1988 . 
The CBOE opened for business on April 26 , 1973 , in what had been a Board of Trade lunchroom . 
Joe Mack , a district manager for Cormack Enterprises Inc. , a Burger King operator in Omaha , Neb. , says discounting is so prevalent that `` we have to serve 15 % to 20 % more customers '' to keep sales level . 
Foreigners involved in prostitution will be punished according to the law , and those with sexually transmitted diseases will be expelled from the country , according to the regulations . 
Commodore has said it expects sales to rebound , but market researchers have said that sales of the low-end products may finally be trailing off . 
Wary investors have been running for the stock market 's equivalent of bomb shelters , buying shares of gold-mining and utility companies . 
But the interest rates they charge are often near Japan 's 54.75 % legal limit , says Kenji Utsunomiya , a lawyer specializing in loan troubles . 
In addition , the company cited cost-reduction moves and interest income . 
The maker of specialty chemicals has about 5.9 million shares outstanding . 
`` Frankly , I would n't expect the Japanese to get hooked on anybody 's technology , least of all the Soviets . '' 
It wo n't be cheaper ! 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
The surprise resignations of two top economic government officials heaped more uncertainty on London 's financial markets , which already have been laboring under worries about Britain 's ailing economy . 
And Mr. Straszheim conceded after a recent drop in manufacturing jobs that `` it may prove to be the case that we got whipsawed -- that we pulled the recession forecast at just the wrong time . '' 
Conspicuous by its absence is California . 
The earnings drop at GM Hughes Electronics is a sign of tough times at both the defense operations of Hughes Aircraft Co. and GM 's North American automotive operations , which are a primary customer for the Delco Electronics Corp. side of the GM Hughes unit . 
Betsy Engelken asked the same question earlier this year , when her husband was about to turn 50 . 
Goldman Sachs placed the stock back on its list of recommended issues , raised its 1990 earnings estimate and recommended that its clients shift funds from Kellogg to General Mills . 
In separate statements , the two sides said they want to have `` further discussions . '' 
Eight trading days after Oct. 12 , the day before the stock market plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the S&P 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average . 
The company blamed a number of factors for the earnings decline , including softer sales of joint-implants . 
Security costs are also quite high . 
The Section 89 victory could have a downside by making it harder to oppose lawmakers on other health proposals . 
The year-earlier periods do n't reflect results of the company 's Woodstream Corp. unit , acquired last January , but include some Canadian operations that were sold at the end of 1988 . 
But at just that moment , he is interrupted in his office by a servant in tuxedo who pours coffee from silver into a cup of china and dabs the brim with linen . 
Mobil is preparing to slash its work force in the U.S. , possibly as soon as next month , sources said . 
In a telephone interview Friday , Dr. Toseland said the number of sudden , unexplained deaths of diabetics he had seen this year was 17 compared with just two in 1985 . 
Critics of poison pills argue that they harm shareholders by letting corporate management defeat takeover bids at premium prices and by deterring premium bids from ever being made to shareholders . 
Mr. Putka covers education from The Wall Street Journal 's Boston bureau . 
`` Maybe people do n't believe I want to give this money away . '' 
But while index options are convenient , they have several disadvantages . 
In the wake of the Exxon Valdez spill in March , new governmental drilling bans are sharply curtailing exploration in promising locations offshore and in Alaska . 
`` I see we have about half the audience working for us , '' he said , tongue in cheek . 
At that point domestic sales will slow down , '' says Kim Yoon Kwon , director of marketing for Daewoo Motor . 
He was back in jail over the summer on shoplifting charges . 
Each group controls more than 40 % of Rally 's stock . 
Merchant banks were stronger across the board . 
`` If apartheid means you want cheap black labor and all the comforts that go with it , but you also want to exclude the blacks from social and political integration , then these are two contradictions that ca n't go on forever , '' says Mr. Verwoerd . 
U.S. Healthcare Inc. was added to the health care providers group . 
He gives pep talks in periodic `` family briefings '' beamed internationally on `` FXTV , '' the company 's own television network . 
Conceivably , in a scaled-back buy-out , they could be bumped back to coach seats for life . 
Poland is the second Communist nation to recognize the Seoul government ; South Korea established diplomatic relations with Hungary in February 1989 . 
But even before it begins , the campaign is drawing fire from anti-smoking advocates , who criticize Philip Morris 's attempt to bolster its beleaguered image by wrapping itself in the document that is a cornerstone of American democracy . 
While no figures exist , it is thought that many small investors in Belgium store securities privately , in some cases to avoid paying high inheritance taxes . 
At a recent White House meeting , Rep. Silvio Conte ( R. , Mass. ) , the ranking minority member of the House Appropriations Committee , argued with his friend Mr. Bush against a veto , and though Mr. Conte and Minority Leader Robert Michel of Illinois stood with the president yesterday , they are plainly uncomfortable with his position . 
When the loan agreement was announced , it was hailed as one of the first Western-style financing transactions ever used in China . 
Whatever the outcome of a test case , President Bush would have to move cautiously becase the very attempt would `` antagonize not just Democrats but Republicans , '' says Louis Fisher , a scholar at the Congressional Research Service who specializes in executive-legislative relations . 
Second , a long-term shareholder of a good company need n't worry too much when the stock price drops temporarily : It will bounce back . 
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less . 
Some analysts contend that silver is cheap now that prices are languishing at levels last seen in the mid-1970s . 
Revenue slipped 4.6 % to $ 835 million from $ 876 million . 
`` I 've heard that there is $ 40 billion taken in nationwide by boiler rooms every year , '' Mr. McClelland says . 
The Republicans maintain that a 30 % capital-gains exclusion will raise revenue in the short term and spur economic investment , while the Democrats maintain that an increase in the top income-tax rate and expanded IRAs will raise revenue and spur savings . 
`` People think of the steel business as an old and mundane smokestack business , '' says Mr. Iverson . 
Meanwhile , the company is operating with two separate pilot groups and seniority lists , and that is costing Federal `` a big number , '' says James Barksdale , executive vice president and chief operating officer . 
But his first crop wo n't be picked till next year . 
Besides reciting the pardon for program trading contained in the Brady Commission report , they said stock-index arbitrage was actually needed Monday to restore the markets ' equilibrium . 
Banking stocks were the major gainers Monday amid hope that interest rates have peaked , as Deutsche Bank and Dresdner Bank added 4 marks each to 664 marks ( $ 357 ) and 326 marks , respectively . 
Carl E. Pfeiffer , chief executive officer , was named to the additional post of chairman of this specialty-metals manufacturing concern . 
Still , some analysts insisted that the worst of the inflation is behind . 
Patrick J . Early , president of Amoco Corp. 's oil-production unit , says that despite recent stability , he plans continued tightening of costs and exploration spending . 
On the other hand , if we 're asking for something unreasonable or unethical and so on , then that 's a whole different story . 
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September . 
But A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research , said last week 's rally was a reflex reaction to the Oct. 13 stock market rout . 
He would n't leave until Mr. Cheney promised to do whatever the Pentagon systems analysts told him . 
Insurance premiums for one small Maryland concern went up 130 % in less than two years , the last increase coming after one of its three workers developed a herniated disk . 
And he says Manville has the financial flexibility to buy other companies at the best possible moment when other construction-related firms are hurting and selling cheap . 
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 2 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 69 days ; 8.40 % 70 to 89 days ; 8.20 % 90 to 119 days ; 8.05 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.90 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Perhaps it 's entertaining for those like you to discount the concerns of environmentalists , suggesting that their save-the-earth initiatives are `` whacky '' and referring to so many citizens as `` la-la activists . '' 
Its survey of 96 firms , each with 100 to 1,000 lawyers , shows that managing partners earned an average of $ 395,974 in compensation and cash benefits in the firms ' 1988 fiscal years . 
Worse , Salomon 's timing had been off . 
The agency then turned to a former backup singer for Ms. Midler who appeared in the ad and crooned what was generally considered a more than credible imitation of Ms. Midler 's 1973 hit song `` Do You Wanna Dance . '' 
But gripes run the gamut . 
Manville , a forest and building products concern , has offered to pay the trust $ 500 million for a majority of Manville 's convertible preferred stock . 
They 've been able to measure the minuscule movements of the artery wall as the beating heart raises and lowers the pressure of the flowing blood , a first for such tiny blood vessels , they report in Nature , a scientific journal . 
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen-Probe 's stock . 
Scam artists seek out such people -- or try to make sure that their victims isolate themselves . 
Where 's this huge amount of investment capital coming from ? 
Norms are consistently exceeded at 60 % of nitrogen oxide monitoring sites and 80 % of those for dust and soot emissions . 
`` They are typically not active in two-year note auctions , but today 's participation could be viewed as lighter-than-normal . '' 
The battery of legal documents filed in the past week in connection with the suit provide a peek into the inner workings of this Hollywood dogfight . 
Warner also contributed record results from its music business , where unit sales of compact discs rose more than 50 % from a year ago , the company said , helped by Prince 's `` Batman '' soundtrack . 
She is almost cavalier about the possibility Vietnam 's reforms will create rivals on her home turf . 
Jamaica costs 504 punts . 
But ZBB did not involve the strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and therefore degenerated into a bean-counting drill driven by budget politics . 
Great Western Financial said third-quarter profit rose slightly to $ 68.4 million , or 52 cents a share , from $ 67.9 million , or 53 cents a share , from a year ago . 
But since returning to advertising , Maxwell House has regained the lost share and is running neck and neck with archrival Folgers . 
Mr. Tisch , a billionaire in hotels and finance , was just learning the TV business . 
Last summer , he chucked his 10-year career as a London stockbroker and headed for the mountains . 
Mr. Breeden , not missing a chance to press his agenda , cited the earthquake . 
`` Beta is only part of the risk in a stock , '' says William F. Sharpe , the Stanford University emeritus professor who developed the measure . 
It ripens later than most apples , and growing it in U.S. areas with chilly autumns may be tricky . 
`` We believe that the court will find it unlawful , '' said a US Sprint spokesman . 
For Switzerland 's most prestigious newspaper , Neue Zuercher Zeitung , Mr. Rey seems destined to remain the `` former Bally raider , '' an image that has proved hard to overcome . 
Other trips were more productive . 
Under the plan , Gillette South Africa will sell manufacturing facilities in Springs , South Africa , and its business in toiletries and plastic bags to Twins Pharmaceuticals Ltd. , an affiliate of Anglo American Corp. , a South African company . 
He thinks Saab-Scania AB on Friday will announce the sale of 50 % of its car division to Ford ; the companies have been discussing closer cooperation for months . 
Mr. Schwarz 's great-grandfather founded the New York toy store F.A.O. Schwarz , but his family no longer has ties to the company . 
`` They 're anticipating further declines in rates and they 're going to get them , slowly , '' said Walter Frank , chief economist for the Donoghue Organization , publisher of Money Fund Report . 
The issue , which is puttable back to the company in 1999 , was priced at a spread of 110 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
These figures omit secondary guarantees , deposit insurance , and the activities of Government-Sponsored Enterprises ( a huge concern in its own right , as detailed on this page May 3 ) . 
BAY AREA COMMUTERS BATTLED earthquake-related transportation snarls . 
KKR loaded up the cable and television company with debt in an 1985 buy-out , then later sold Storer 's cable operations at a fat profit . 
In sum , the biases ennumerated above indicate a 0.7 percentage point understatement in growth of total real GNP . 
The trade group 's compilation of Commerce Department data showed that August imports , the second largest monthly total of the year , were up 5 % from July 's 1,458,000 tons but below last year 's high of 1,979,000 tons in June 1988 . 
As for Sassy , which competes directly with News Corp. 's Seventeen magazine , Mr. Lang says that in the next two years he will spend $ 6 million promoting and improving the magazine . 
They do n't even want to talk to you . 
The eucalyptus plantation and pulp mill , which would have covered about 175,000 acres in the Irian Jaya region , had been approved by Indonesia 's investment board . 
And this week , the industry 's efforts will go national for the first time when it unveils a $ 7 million advertising campaign . 
Several executives said another potential contender is WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather agency , which works on some other Philip Morris products . 
The transaction is expected to close within about 20 days , the company added . 
The company already is gearing up for a renaissance of nuclear power even though it has n't received an order for a domestic nuclear plant in a decade . 
Off the Strip , MarCor is building the Rio , a hotel-casino with a Brazilian theme and only 430 rooms -- all of them suites . 
The group attributed the strong results to the favorable economic climate , rising demand for air travel and improved average yield ( revenue received per ton of traffic transported a kilometer ) . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Recognition rose 87.5 cents to $ 6.625 . 
Weingarten-Siegel Group Inc. of Manalapan , N.J. , has built Cross Creek Pointe , Allegro Pointe and other Pointes in New Jersey . 
James N. Fiedler , president of Discovision and a vice president of MCA , said that IBM and MCA had n't planned to sell the joint venture , which is now profitable , but that Pioneer approached Discovision earlier this year . 
Net interest income in the third quarter edged up 1.4 % , to $ 317.7 million . 
Afterward , leaders of the dissident Democrats relented , and said they would n't offer their own proposal as they had planned . 
( Part of Mr. Dinkins 's strength is his ability to win the support of both the Brooklyn and Harlem factions . ) 
But most U.S. insurers have n't rushed to change the way they do business in Europe because they believe the European market will still be dominated by a handful of domestic companies . 
Michael L. Bandler , vice president for network technology at Pacific Bell Telephone Co. , says nearly all the network 's computer switches , which move thousands of calls a minute from one location to another , changed to battery power when the city lost power . 
A spokeswoman for J.P. Morgan , parent of the bank Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. , confirmed its appointment to assist the managers but declined to elaborate . 
Newspapers , including this one , have generally ignored his news releases . 
Proceeds will be used to commercialize recently patented technology and support the company 's international expansion . 
Had the suit been filed in time , they said , `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' would have been suppressed . 
An estimated 14.7 million Cray Computer shares will be distributed , Cray Research said . 
`` It really brings you down to a human level , '' she says . 
Intel clocks the chip 's speed at 15 million instructions per second , or MIPs . 
Kodak yesterday confirmed that it has entered negotiations with Maynard , Mass.-based Digital to manage all of its voice and data communications needs . 
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan . 
One Wang salesman who left the company in July recalls that when he tried to sell products to Eastman Kodak , he worked `` to muster support from internal allies , '' but `` those allies became skeptical as they saw the downtrend . 
That trend , and Wells Fargo 's heavy exposure to leveraged buy-outs , are about the only worries analysts have about Wells Fargo 's financial picture . 
`` There is no difference of opinion between ( Chairman ) Lord King and Sir Colin on any aspect of company policy . 
`` Investors in the U.S. and Europe are comfortable with the actions of the { Federal Reserve } in its willingness to supply liquidity to financial system , which helped the stock market rebound on Monday , '' he said . 
But neither the pilots nor the machinists appear interested , and Mr. Davis is barred from making a new bid under terms of an agreement he made with UAL in September unless UAL accepts an offer below $ 300 a share . 
But he said the downturn probably wo n't become a `` major contraction '' similar to those of 1974 and 1982 . 
It is inhumane to imply that a poor , unemployed woman can not receive immediate relief for her family at fair prices because she does not have as much to protect as a rich family . 
Under the terms of the three-year contract , similar to one reached at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star newspaper earlier this month , the 500 Globe and Mail workers will see a raise of 8 % in the contract 's first year and 7 % in each of the following two years . 
It also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency controlled by Eurocom and headed jointly by New York ad man Jerry Della Femina and two top WCRS executives . 
For the first time in 32 years , ferry service has been restored between the East Bay and San Francisco . 
`` If you want to cut through the clutter , you have to make your message as distinct , sharp and individual as possible . 
Still , analysts said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers . 
The bank also said it will establish a loan-loss reserve of $ 2.5 million to $ 4 million against a construction loan that is in default . 
If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall , but want to continue owning stocks , they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts . 
On this morning , he does n't sell much in Radzymin , either . 
But healthy skepticism vanishes when they are solicited by an organized charity to help fight cancer , famine , child abuse , or what have you . 
Exxon 's profit fell 9 % in the third quarter , hurt by sagging results at two of its three main businesses . 
`` There are so many possible proportions when you consider how many things are made out of eggs and butter and milk . 
Sales of electrical devices rose 13 % to 283.8 billion yen from 251.8 billion yen . 
James Cleveland , a courier who earned a Bravo Zulu for figuring out how to get a major customer 's 1,100-parcel-a-week load to its doorstep by 8 a.m. , considers himself far more than a courier . 
In each show , Mancuso gets to unleash similar harangues : 
Gen-Probe was another active takeover stock . 
I know that I 'm shouting into the breeze here as far as what we 're doing now . 
Chinese leader Deng told former President Nixon that the U.S. was deeply involved in `` the turmoil and counterrevolutionary rebellion '' that gripped Beijing last spring . 
Revenue in the latest quarter rose 12 % to $ 6.6 billion from $ 5.91 billion . 
Besides being upset with the film 's use of the Hells Angels name and logos , the Angels are angry with their depiction in the movie . 
Marc M. Goloven , an economist with Manufacturers Hanover Trust in New York , said that while the figures appear to indicate a sadly deteriorating U.S. trade performance , there 's still enough positive news in the data to justify buying dollars . 
In an era of ` sound bites ' and instant opinion polls it is dangerous to apply broad labels to a single term . 
The 11 banks in the syndicate sustained no monetary losses because none of the credit facility had been drawn down . 
From the perspective of East Germany 's old guard , reforms that smack of capitalism and Western-style democracy could eliminate their country 's reason for being . 
Debenture holders also will receive the equivalent of 10 % of the common stock in Chicago & North Western 's parent company . 
In other words , the growth rates of both total GNP and real private business product per labor hour have been underestimated by about 20 % . 
Per-share figures have been adjusted for a 2-for-1 stock split effective Oct. 20 . 
For the nine months , Textron reported net of $ 182.1 million , or $ 2.06 a share , on revenue of $ 5.41 billion . 
But even those who have found a way to cope with the imports and the slump , fear that furs are losing part of their allure . 
Mr. Perry , who runs Unilever Group 's world-wide personal-care business , paused to scan the crowd . 
Separately , Standard & Poor 's Corp. lowered its ratings on Valley National Corp. 's senior debt to double-B from double-B-plus , affecting about $ 300 million of long-term debt . 
Pravda gave no estimate for overall unemployment but said an `` Association of the Unemployed '' has cropped up that says the number of jobless is 23 million Soviets , or 17 % of the work force . 
In Montreal , Quebecor 's multiple voting Class A stock closed at C$ 16.375 ( US$ 13.94 ) , down 12.5 Canadian cents . 
His lawyer could not be reached for comment . 
Sharon , based in Farrell , Pa. , filed for protection from creditors under the federal Bankruptcy Code in April 1987 . 
They said Howell is particularly successful there because of its membership cooperation with local unions . 
British government bonds were little changed as investors awaited an address on economic policy by John Major , the new Chancellor of the Exchequer . 
Schlumberger Ltd. , New York , reported third-quarter net income edged up as growth in its oil-field services sector offset a decline in interest income . 
Although British Air is waiting to see what the buy-out group comes up with , Mr. Stevens said a revised transaction with less debt leverage is likely to be more attractive to banks . 
The new S&L bailout law allows $ 50 billion to be spent to sell or merge sick S&Ls and their assets , but that is a net cost . 
Time Warner Inc. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 176 million , or $ 2.88 cents a share , reflecting acquisition costs for a 59.3 % stake in Warner Communications Inc. and the purchase method of accounting for the transaction . 
`` Our felony caseloads have been consistent for 20 years , '' with about 15 % of all prosecutions going to trial , a department spokeswoman said . 
We observed at least two large plastic bags of shredded paper loaded into this truck . '' 
If a bank 's credit rating was lowered because of , say , its loans to Third World nations , that could also affect the ratings , liquidity and prices of the asset-backed issues that the bank supports . 
The judge handling the case in state Supreme Court , a trial court , had tossed out the jury verdicts , ruling that the matter should have been handled under federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration rules . 
Its partners are United 's pilots , who were to own 75 % , and UAL management at 10 % . 
Even so , `` We 're looking for chaos , '' said George Gray , a deputy district director at the California Department of Transportation . 
Enter Mr. Guzman Cabrera , who has a clear understanding of where union leaders fit in the pro-enterprise regime of President Salinas . 
Aetna Life & Casualty gained 1 3\/8 to 61 1\/8 , Cigna advanced 7\/8 to 64 3\/4 , Travelers added 1\/2 to 40 3\/8 and American International Group rose 3 1\/8 to 107 3\/4 . 
Indexing for the most part has involved simply buying and then holding stocks in the correct mix to mirror a stock market barometer , such as Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , and match its performance . 
The computer 's miscalculation has been painful for Renaissance . 
Yesterday 's closing price of $ 101.75 , down 50 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , puts the stock at about 1 1\/2 times book value , which is as low as it has sunk over the past decade . 
The packages must be sorted quickly and distributed to smaller vans for delivery , so couriers can be on the road by 8:35 . 
`` It 's evident we 're entering a more competitive era , '' he says . 
Maybe she could step across the plaza to the Met -- where she has still to make her debut -- and help out her Czech compatriot by singing the slow parts of `` Traviata . '' 
After today 's announcement , that range could increase to $ 3.35 to $ 3.40 a share . 
It 's like `` fire insurance , '' says Harrison Roth , the senior options strategist at Cowen & Co . 
Moody 's said it expects Valley National , of Phoenix , Ariz. , to make substantial further provisions against its real-estate portfolio , and that it continues to suffer from the high cost of carrying nonperforming assets , and from high loan-loss provisions . 
Pitney Bowes said the decision was based on a long-term analysis of the compatibility of Wheeler Group 's marketing business with other Pitney Bowes operations . 
The board would n't comment on its impending search for a new ad agency to handle its estimated $ 5 million to $ 6 million account . 
As long as a decade ago , Mrs. Thatcher declared she did n't want debate in her cabinet ; she wanted strong government . 
A unified system of taxation should be introduced rapidly . 
One can understand Mr. Bork 's fear that the new right to privacy will become intolerably stretched , though a Supreme Court composed of men and women with realism , guts and a sense of limits should be able to manage it . 
But Humana says its own facilities could serve its insured for less if they were properly equipped . 
In addition to being broadcast on cable television , the movie also is being distributed on videocassettes , the suit alleges in seeking unspecified damages . 
Long-term CDs declined just a fraction . 
Officially , the statement is n't an attack on the Rafale . 
Conference attendees are expected to be buzzing about the workings of the recently formed Resolution Trust Corp. , a federal agency charged with disposing of an estimated $ 200 billion of real estate dumped in government hands by insolvent savings and loans . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 250 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 11 classes by Morgan Stanley . 
In order to defuse pressure for an amendment , Mr. Mitchell and House Speaker Thomas Foley ( D. , Wash . ) had arranged for lawmakers to pass a statute barring flag desecration before voting on the constitutional change . 
Copper has been stuck in a trading range of $ 1.19 to $ 1.34 . 
A spokeswoman for Ogilvy & Mather said the agency does n't comment on `` idle speculation . '' 
It was as short as 29 days at the start of this year , when rates were marching steadily upward , and hit 42 days in August . 
`` Our goal is to develop quite rapidly to a top-10 position ... by the end of three years from now . 
BAKER FALTERS in the Mideast amid Israeli paralysis and Palestinian politics . 
Volatility is here to stay . '' 
Three years ago , the Internal Revenue Service 's office in San Jose , Calif. , opened its doors to on-site massage . 
Managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks headed by First Boston Corp. and co-managed by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Morgan Stanley & Co. , and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
But an unexpected deviation either way could roil bond and currency markets . 
Convex closed in over-the-counter trading on Friday at $ 15.375 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
Even when it became clear this spring that demand was n't coming up to expectations , Chrysler officials `` resisted '' cutting output because Cherokee and Wagoneer are `` very profitable vehicles , '' the spokesman said . 
It did n't release terms of the transaction . 
`` They have the most sophisticated computers in the world , '' says Mr. LLerena . 
The March contract ended at 13.79 cents a pound , down 0.37 cent . 
The maker of household products said the new dividend is payable Dec. 1 to shares of record Nov. 10 . 
It did , shaking the apple establishment to its roots . 
If I were to ask a sample of American parents , `` Do you wish the elementary schools to encourage creativity in your children ? '' the near-unanimous answer would be , `` Yes , of course . '' 
Nam Angels shows Angels fighting with each other and also depicts them as showing no remorse when a member is killed . 
This is the 22nd year in which the Washington media company has increased dividends . 
An additional piece of evidence from the Senate : Holding other factors constant , such as incumbency advantages and regional factors , the difference between popular votes for Republican presidential and senatorial candidates in states conducting a Senate election turns out to be a positive function of how onerous the federal government 's tax burden is per state ( a progressive tax rate hits higher-income states harder ) . 
Mr. Schulman said he believes that the roll-out of DEC 's new mainframe will `` occur somewhat more leisurely '' than many of his investment colleagues expect . 
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie . 
Akzo also has small operations in diagnostic tests , generic drugs and veterinary products . 
Hyundai Motor America , fighting quality complaints , declining sales and management turmoil , yesterday unveiled its 1990 ad strategy , tagged `` We 're Making More Sense Than Ever . '' 
Franklin said it expects to report earnings for the latest quarter next week . 
`` It 's important to share the risk and even more so when the market has already peaked . '' 
Judy Woodruff hosts this handsome four-part series about the history , economy , culture and politics of the island home of Chinese democracy and capitalism . 
Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of First Boston , James F. Lyons , William S. Goldberg and Harold S. Handelsman . 
-- `` The coaches should have a more personal and sympathetic attitude toward the athletes -- not treat us like pieces of meat . 
`` He does n't signify what people want , so the unrest will go on , '' Mr. Oldenburg predicts . 
This must be the last big stretch of the American seacoast that is `` undeveloped . '' 
`` The consumer has to throw out the idea that the auction house is a disinterested middleman , '' says New York art dealer David Tunick . 
Name-dropping recently helped Mr. Houston-Montgomery crash a party Fame magazine threw for 100 of the 2,809 people mentioned in the diaries of the late Andy Warhol . 
But even that is disputed by Manufacturers Hanover which , in alliance with the IRS , contends that Minpeco has already collected more than its actual damages from other defendants in the silver-conspiracy case . 
In 1906 , the rupture was 300 miles long and a couple feet wide . 
In Armonk , N.Y. , an IBM spokeswoman confirmed that IBM executives will be announcing some computer-integrated-manufacturing plans next week but declined to elaborate . 
Mr. Cawthorn said the profit growth in the latest quarter was due to the sale of two Rorer drugs . 
GR8FLRED : 
Why does n't he just follow through on one of these things ? '' 
The early move essentially established the day 's trading range , and traders said they saw little of the program activity that has battered the market recently . 
Currently , most traders on commodity exchanges specialize in trading either for customer accounts , which makes them brokers , or for their own accounts as socalled locals . 
With a market order , an investor tells a broker to buy or sell `` at the market . '' 
The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates . 
Last year , there was an issue of `` death-backed bonds '' -- securities backed by loans to life-insurance policyholders . 
His Tuesday night team , the Leftovers , is in first place . 
It has n't been operating since May 15 because of attacks by native landowners . 
`` I still think the woman has the right to do with her body as she pleases , '' he says . 
Mr. Kageyama suggests that Kotobuki Electronics Industries workers were having difficulty understanding their foreign bosses ' perspective . 
The latest developments in cold fusion research were presented in 24 reports delivered at the fall meeting here of the Electrochemical Society , the first scientific meeting in five months to hear formal reports on cold fusion experiments . 
Magnetic brain tweaking started in the early 1900s , when researchers produced flashes of light in the visual field with magnets . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Interprovincial Pipe Line Co. , an oil pipeline operator rumored to be mulling a gas pipeline proposal of its own , said that is n't in the cards . 
Terry L. Haines , formerly general manager of Canadian operations , was elected to the new position of vice president , North American sales , of this plastics concern . 
`` Adverse pressure on gross margins ... has subsided , '' Mr. Sculley said . 
Milton Roy jumped 2 to 18 3\/8 . 
Democracy is making a return with a vengeance to Latin America 's most populous and deeply indebted country . 
Imports from Canada rose to 272,000 tons in August from 209,000 in July . 
American Home Products Corp. wants to acquire Robins , but only if all legal challenges to the plan are exhausted . 
`` It 's a major issue , and they would n't want to leave it at a lower level , '' says Stephen Glazier , a New York attorney whose writings have been instrumental in pushing the idea that a president already has a line-item veto . 
London share prices were influenced largely by declines on Wall Street and weakness in the British pound . 
You might not find one in the ` Jurisprudence ' column . 
It currently is considering bidding for Swedish Match Co . 
The bank said the increase in loan-loss provisions wo n't affect the payment of dividends . 
Estimated volume was three million ounces . 
The Treasury 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 rose 23\/32 to 112 10\/32 to yield 10.03 % . 
Its Houston work force now totals 230 . 
Rather than trying to `` lecture us , '' says one congressional aide who attended the two-hour meeting , Mr. Krenz `` wanted to listen . '' 
That 's up from about 687 a month in 1985 , and it 's accelerating : So far this month , foreclosures are averaging about 85 a day . 
If the House prevails in its efforts to kill the catastrophic-care plan , the monthly Part B premium will be $ 29 next year . 
Pilot union Chairman Frederick C. Dubinsky said advisers to UAL management and the union will begin meeting in New York today and will work through the weekend to devise a new proposal to present to UAL 's board `` at the earliest time possible . '' 
A Board of Control spokesman said the board had not seen the claim and declined to comment . 
Many at Lloyd 's expect the San Francisco earthquake will cause the industry to boost rates even further . 
But for Soviet citizens who travel abroad for business or tourism , the rate will jump to 6.26 rubles to the dollar . 
Bond Corp. said the acknowledged losses mean net asset backing is in the red to the tune of 53 Australian cents a share , vs. positive asset backing of A$ 1.92 a share a year ago . 
Figure 1 demonstrates the performance of those businesses I 've invested in during this prosperous decade ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 20 , 1989 ) . 
It 's unclear whether Eastern will succeed in overturning the arbitrator 's decision , made in a long-simmering `` pay parity '' dispute that predates both the carrier 's Chapter 11 petition and its 1986 acquisition by Texas Air . 
We just do n't have that kind of income stream . '' 
John Fitzsimmons , chief executive officer of Data Systems , said the company was profitable and expected sales of nearly $ 100 million this year . 
Mr. Ittleson is executive , special projects , at CIT Group Holdings Inc. , which is controlled by Manufacturers Hanover Corp . 
`` The market will have to look for a new theme now and that theme will be a return to growth , '' declares Mary Farrell , a PaineWebber analyst . 
Lloyd 's 66 % stake in that market has shrunk to 50 % in that period , according to an official at the Institute of London Underwriters , a Lloyd 's competitor . 
Collectively , the statements raised questions about whether a new bid for UAL will ever get off the ground . 
The arrangement is subject to approval by the Supreme Court of British Columbia province , Crown said . 
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official . 
Besides Ms. and Sassy , closely held Lang Communications includes Success , a magazine for entrepreneurs and small businesses , and Working Woman and Working Mother , two monthly magazines . 
A small farmer and a seaport merchant could not be represented by the same spokesman , they said . 
Rather , the two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years , with a nearly five-year-old moratorium on new dual listings , separate and different listing requirements , differing trading and settlement guidelines and diverging national-policy aims . 
In the Northeast , however , sales declined 0.4 % in the period , with sales in New England falling 2.6 % . 
She said , `` I would say K mart 's number one job is to address its market-share loss { in discount stores } , which longer-term will lead to improved profit margins . 
Traders who had bought the goods at prices above the ceiling do n't want to take a loss on resales and are holding onto their stock . 
Nearly 20 years ago , Mr. Morishita , founder and chairman of Aichi Corp. , a finance company , received a 10-month suspended sentence from a Tokyo court for violating a money-lending law and an income tax law . 
Monday , October 23 , 1989 
Out of the $ 2 charge , the law firm pockets about $ 1.55 . 
Strong investor demand prompted the utility to boost the size of the issue from $ 3 billion . 
Excluding those receipts , the government deficit would have totaled about # 2.5 billion in the first six months , compared with # 1.3 billion a year earlier , the Treasury said . 
In the year-ago period , the company had profit of $ 34.3 million , or $ 1.32 a share . 
`` The cost of health care is eroding standards of living and sapping industrial strength , '' complains Walter Maher , a Chrysler health-and-benefits specialist . 
Today , for example , underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. said they expect to price a $ 150 million , 12-year senior subordinated debenture offering by Imo Industries Inc . 
But Mr. Greenberg 's sanguine outlook is n't matched by many fast-food industry observers . 
That range was quickly narrowed to $ 145 to $ 155 , although traders surrounding the post were told that $ 148 to $ 150 would be the likely target . 
IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , remained upbeat . 
Contrasts predictably accumulate : First the music is loud , then it becomes soft , then ( you realize ) it becomes louder again . 
Japanese companies have long been accused of sacrificing profit to boost sales . 
All this illustrates that Japanese ministries still have a `` provider '' mentality ; they do not serve the people , and particularly not consumers . 
GM 's car sales dropped 24.8 % in mid-October to 69,980 , while truck sales fell 26 % to 37,860 . 
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said . 
In 1986 , Stamford officials thanked Mr. Hoelzer for taking care of the mural -- and demanded he return it as soon as possible . 
The debt will include medium-term notes sold through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets ; Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. ; Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
The unit will be renamed Comair Aviation Academy and will continue to be headed by Scott Williams , a son of its founder , Comair said . 
Sierra has been instrumental in securing a number of the California bans . 
The bank 's medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries total $ 293 million , of which $ 146 million are n't accruing interest , the bank said . 
Why , when a key witness disappears , does Mancuso trash her apartment , tearing down drapes , smashing walls ? 
`` We need to have somebody worried so they do n't do this again . '' 
It also means use of quantity-based pollution limits such as transferable permits , rather than price-based limits such as effluent fees . 
National Environmental , formerly Yankee Cos. , is a sludge treatment company . 
Shamir said Tuesday that he was prepared to risk a policy conflict with the U.S. over an Egyptian plan to hold direct Israeli-Palestinian talks , which the premier 's Likud bloc opposes . 
A run-up in world oil prices last winter sent consumer prices soaring at a 6.7 % annual rate in the first five months of this year , but the subsequent decline in energy prices has pulled the annual rate back down to 4.4 % . 
Mr. Klein will work with Mr. Kroll on some of the agency 's joint venture activities and acquisitions while the case is pending . 
LSI LOGIC CORP. , Milpitas , maker of customized integrated circuits , annual sales of $ 550 million , NYSE , has halted manufacturing at its three plants in the area while they are inspected for structural damage . 
The exact strain of hepatitis that the cafeteria worker contracted has n't been determined but should be known by the end of the week , Dr. McBride said . 
In her first televised interview following Mr. Lawson 's resignation , Mrs. Thatcher reiterated her desire to keep sterling strong and warned again that full entry into the European Monetary System 's exchange rate mechanism would provide no easy solution to Britain 's economic troubles . 
But Sotheby 's , Christie 's and the National Association of Antique Dealers are still trying to get theirs . 
It is the very lack of obvious drama or spectacle that sets the beauty of our land apart . 
By 52%-36 % , Tennessee NFIB members favor laws to limit foreign ownership of land and facilities in the state . 
J.C. Penney Co. is extending its involvement in a televised home-shopping service by five to 10 years . 
Mr. Chan talks optimistically of expanding , maybe even moving into the import-export field . 
It 's somehow OK for Secretary Baker himself , however , to say all the same things . 
The company said the holders represent 52 % of the face amount of the debentures . 
And Seita is considering further diversification . 
HomeFed said the slide in loan originations was more a matter of design than a sign of cooling in the California market . 
The two surveys , which asked different questions , were conducted using national random probability samples . 
Par also said it was advised by the U.S. attorney for Maryland that it is one of a number of companies being investigated by a federal grand jury for alleged violations of the federal Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act . 
Just a short span across the bay to the west , the quake also showed its mettle : A four-square-block area of the Marina District lies smoldering under a steady stream of seawater being pumped onto rubble to prevent it from blazing anew . 
Analysts say Quebecor 's purchase is part of a trend toward consolidation in the North American printing industry . 
Bass ended up 3 higher at 966 , Guinness closed at 589 , down 7 , and Scottish & Newcastle dropped 11 to 359 , but Whitbread Class A shares rose 17 to 363 . 
At that rate , a majority of OPEC 's 13 members have reached their output limits , they said . 
It is entrenched in the country 's colonial bonds to the U.S. , in Philippine class structure , in the regional loyalties of its people and in its island geography . 
Traders said the market was exceptionally thin , as small investors remain on the sidelines . 
Only CDs sold by major brokerage firms posted significant increases in average yields in the latest week , reflecting increased yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction . 
-- A tax of between 3 % and 6 % on property holdings that exceed the governmentset ceiling . 
He defeated the contentious Mr. Koch in the Democratic primary partly because he seemed to offer hope he could heal the city 's racial and ethnic wounds . 
`` At that point , { First Interstate } decided it was the better part of valor not to negotiate further , '' said one industry official close to the talks . 
It 's also a fast fix for an ailing image . 
The bank also said it expects to report a $ 1.42 billion loss for the third quarter and a loss for the full year . 
National Patent Development Corp. said it plans to purchase as many as 200,000 common shares of its 81%-controlled Interferon Sciences Inc. unit in periodic , open-market purchases . 
Accepted bids ranged from 8 % to 8.019 % . 
`` Some foodstuff shipments will probably resume Thursday , '' he said . 
Mr. Whitten 's package appears to accomplish this purpose , but the state faces more resistance in its bid for an extended waiver on having to put up any matching funds on repairs completed in the next six months . 
And in the second game , with Mr. Kasparov advancing ferociously as white , D.T. offered feeble resistance and lost even faster . 
There were no immediate reports of deaths , but officials said a number of workers were still unaccounted for last night . 
The company said the debentures are being issued at an issue price of $ 849 for each $ 1,000 principal amount and are convertible at any time prior to maturity at a conversion price of $ 25 a share . 
If we wish to be serious about American education , we know exactly what to do -- and , just as important , what not to do . 
No reason was given in the filing for the sales . 
And for every champion , there are plenty of nags . 
Still , with competitors such as Eastman Kodak Co. faltering in copier sales , Xerox 's sales increases `` were encouraging , '' says Eugene Glazer of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
In any new proposal , British Air would expect a greater rate of return than the 20%-plus in the original proposal . 
`` Maybe we should take it as a compliment . '' 
But beyond this decorative nod to tradition , Ms. Bogart and company head off in a stylistic direction that all but transforms Gorky 's naturalistic drama into something akin to , well , farce . 
To do that , they must think in terms of sheetrock by the square foot , carpeting by the square yard , wallpaper by the roll , molding by the linear foot . 
Investors expect these shares will be targets of investment trust funds , which often buy small amounts spread across a wide range of issues . 
It was the Senate Republicans , though , who had edged away from the veto strategy . 
This letter was inspired by David Asman 's Sept. 25 editorial-page article about Fidel Castro , `` Man in the Middle of Drug Trafficking . '' 
BSB has 3.1 million shares outstanding . 
Teens will be able to listen to music with headsets . 
Zacks Investment Research did n't adjust one analyst 's estimate for a stock split , which therefore was artificially high . 
Kemper Financial Services has stopped executing its stock trades through four big securities firms because of their involvement in program trading , which Kemper and others say is ruining the market . 
The consensus forecast of 14 economists surveyed by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report is for a 1.2 % drop in September orders . 
Shearson , with its in-house order execution system , has handled the bulk of such program trades in the over-the-counter market . 
Many openings for mass cheating , such as questionable tax shelters and home offices , have gaped so broadly that Congress has passed stringent laws to close them . 
They just want to get their job done at any cost to the athlete '' . 
Dravo rose 5\/8 to 16 1\/8 . 
`` This clearly demonstrates that Mips is a systems company rather than just a chip company , '' said Mips Vice President John Hime . 
So far , the mega-issues are a hit with investors . 
In the suit , the department seeks to recover $ 7.7 million in costs incurred when the government terminated its contract with Meredith Relocation and sought other contracts to replace it . 
She believes the impact of losses from these catastrophes is n't likely to halt the growth of the industry 's surplus capital next year . 
Tandy said consumer electronics sales at its Radio Shack stores have been slow , partly because of a lack of hot , new products . 
By contrast , an investor in stocks must put up 50 % in cash . 
One major factor was the decline of the dollar against the mark , which began less than a year after Merkur 's 1985 launch . 
The panel found that since 1987 , real-estate prices rose nearly 50 % in a speculative fever fueled by economic prosperity , the 1988 Seoul Olympics and the government 's pledge to rapidly develop Korea 's southwest . 
Merger Fallout : Beware Employee Dishonesty 
Single-cell protein never panned out , and most companies abandoned such research . 
The latest quarter included a gain of about $ 62 million on the sale of the company 's urethane polyols and propylene glycols businesses . 
Enserch said the tendered units will raise its ownership of the partnership to more than 99 % from 87 % . 
For the nine months , net of $ 38.5 million , or 92 cents a share , trailed the year earlier 's $ 49.9 million , or $ 1.08 a share . 
`` We now see pro-choice legislators going on the offensive for the first time , '' says Kate Michelman , executive director of the group . 
The heavy buying in the last half hour led the specialists to take special steps . 
American Pacific and Kerr-McGee are the only two U.S. manufacturers of ammonium perchlorate . 
Thierry de Montbrial , director of the French Institutue for International Relations in Paris , says it is n't clear what , exactly , West Germany wants . 
Since the crash , many futures traders have n't assumed large positions for fear that the S&P 500 market , with much of its customer order flow missing , would dry up if prices turned against them . 
`` They wo n't fight the listed companies . 
He has leather jackets from Turkey that are lined with eel skin and topped off with raccoon-skin collars . 
Commodore said that its announcement is based on preliminary information and that the situation could look different by the time final results are announced early next month . 
The state examiner also said supervisors of a parallel federal examination seemed so reluctant to demand write-downs of Lincoln 's bad loans that he immediately grew suspicious . 
We recall that the mayor of Charleston complained bitterly about the federal bureaucracy 's response to Hurricane Hugo . 
`` At some point , if we are unable to cover our leveraged cost -- and at the moment we 're right on it -- we 're going to have to make a move . 
Mr. Delchamps , 46 years old , succeeds A.F. Delchamps Jr. , who died in a plane crash on Sunday at the age of 58 . 
`` Any fool can publish a money-losing magazine . 
Treasury Securities 
Opponents say Mr. Thornburgh 's plan will needlessly break up longtime , tightly knit crime-fighting units that have successfully prosecuted major organized-crime figures . 
Maryland National Bank -- $ 267 million of securities backed by home-equity lines of credit through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index . 
Others are doing `` index arbitrage '' a strategy of taking advantage of price discrepancies between stocks and futures . 
He added that the cost for stress-related compensation claims is about twice the average for all injury claims . 
The result was a more thoughtful , complete and competitive proposal , '' Mr. Anton concludes . 
Mr. Schmedel is editor of The Wall Street Journal 's Tax Report column . 
There 's a casino , the financial heart of it all . 
`` Sit tight '' through the coming volatility , Mr. Reitman suggests , though he concedes that many small investors will find Jaguar 's zigzags `` too hard to swallow . '' 
He said Bancroft attorneys are scheduled to meet with Mr. Green 's attorneys in Delaware Chancery Court at the end of this week to respond to the investor 's request for company records for the past five years . 
The maximum allowable property holdings for insurance companies would be reduced to 10 % of their total asset value , down from 15 % currently . 
Personally , I 'm glad there are people like him around to slow down the profit takers , and those who are in such a blind hurry for something that may appear to benefit them in the immediate future , not caring about the long-range implications . 
I expected him to say , `` I told you so , '' but he already was snoring . 
Other funds hold a smattering of junk bonds , too . 
The program matches funds raised from the sale of the commercial paper with small to medium-sized leases . 
The Hindu newspaper publishes the withheld portion of the Swedish National Audit Bureau 's report . 
The Navy awarded Litton Industries Inc. 's Ingalls Shipbuilding division $ 15.5 million for shipyard services on the Aegis cruiser program . 
Even if that scenario occurs , Westinghouse figures it is prepared . 
In a corner of the cavernous , new Nippon Convention Center sits Mazda Motor Corp. 's advanced-technology display . 
Nelson Holdings International Ltd. shareholders approved a 1-for-10 consolidation of the company 's common stock at a special meeting . 
In the Treasury market , analysts expect bond prices to trade in narrow ranges this week as the market takes in positive and negative news . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Analysts and financial officials in the British colony consider the new contract essential to the revival of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange , which has never fully recovered from the October 1987 crash . 
Currently , if the person taping is a party to the conversation , it 's all right to record without the knowledge of the other person on the line . 
The issue used at-market pricing . 
The other two main pillars of Banco Exterior 's traditional business -- wholesale banking and foreign currency trading -- also began to crumble under the weight of heavy competition and changing client needs . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly-average basis : 
Earlier this month the accounting firm of Ernst & Young and the securities firm of Goldman , Sachs & Co. , the experts hired by the creditors , contended that Eastern would have difficulty meeting earnings targets the airline was projecting . 
Shell Oil 
The capability utilization rate is a calculation designed to indicate at what percent of its production capability the industry is operating in a given week . 
To some mothers , the expected FDA action is a poignant reminder of what might have been . 
Apple Computer improved 7\/8 to 47 5\/8 ; Intel slipped 1\/4 to 33 1\/4 , and Valley National Corp. was up 1\/8 to 15 1\/8 . 
Neither was among the 46 traders indicted last August in a federal investigation of traders at both the Merc and the Chicago Board of Trade . 
Partners at other accounting firms say that the Deloitte firm in the U.K. is filing the suit to get even with the merged Deloitte-Touche firm for keeping major auditing work in England . 
The investor , Donald A. Wright , plans to run the company , said a spokesman for Kyle . 
The group 's Mark Cahoon says its efforts begun in 1989 have led to the introduction of bills in Massachusetts , Minnesota and Colorado to establish evenhanded procedures affecting all kinds of taxpayers . 
By Monday morning , they said , stock-index arbitrage sell programs helped re-establish the link between stocks and futures . 
That the motivation for the two-year reduction to 19.6 % is budgetary does not mean it is not in the public interest . 
That leaves the state roughly $ 2 billion to $ 4 billion short . 
Mobil Exploration & Producing U.S. Inc. , the group involved , currently has a work force of somewhat less than 5,000 . 
Freon , introduced in 1930 , revolutionized America by making refrigeration and air conditioning practical after all . 
The book is patronizing about this nouveau riche struggle for respectability , which has its tawdry aspects . 
Traders said Goldman Sachs , Shearson Lehman Hutton and Salomon Brothers were the main force behind the futures buying at the pivotal moment . 
Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain movie and other rights , and it was `` in Warner 's interest to accommodate MGM\/UA , Guber and Peters by permitting them to become MGM executives , '' Mr. Daly said in his affidavit . 
The exhibition by the U.S.-U.S.S.R. Trade and Economic Council underscores the growing U.S. interest in that nation 's market , though trade between the two countries is a minuscule $ 3 billion . 
Evelyn Boccone , 85 years old , has lived in the district most of her life . 
Separately , Purchase , N.Y.-based PepsiCo Inc. , as expected , said fiscal third-quarter net rose 11 % to $ 269.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , from $ 241.6 million , or 91 cents a share . 
`` This time though , '' he says , `` I think we got it . '' 
But it has only the Fed to pursue price-level stability . 
PWA 's long-term debt and capital lease obligations rose to C$ 1.24 billion at the end of the second quarter , nearly double the year-earlier figure , reflecting debt absorbed under the Wardair purchase . 
The central offices for both regions were previously located in Ludwigshafen , Basf headquarters . 
If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top-flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . 
The year-ago results have been restated to comply with government regulations . 
Nothing in the annals of tuition readied parents for the 1980s . 
Viacom officials declined to comment . 
The major question , said one holder who asked not to be named , is whether New York investor Bennett S. LeBow , whose Brooke Partners controls Western Union , is willing to offer a large enough equity stake to entice bondholders into agreeing to a new swap . 
Garish neon pachinko marquees blaze from the main streets and narrow alleys of cities and towns across the country . 
At Polaroid , the Personnel Policy Planning Committee may hear only about 20 cases a year ; the rest of the many hundreds of complaints are resolved at earlier stages . 
She could end up seeking a fourth term in an economy sick with inflation , high interest rates and a heavy trade deficit . 
Gargantuan sections of a double-decker freeway have been heaved about like plastic building blocks . 
Fiscal pressures also forced the adoption of new fees charged by federal agencies , and an 18 % increase in the Securities and Exchange Commission 's budget would be financed entirely by an added $ 26 million in filing fees . 
Former Rep. Fernand St Germain , brought down by the savings-and-loan crisis , now represents -- you guessed it -- savings-and-loans associations . 
Anheuser-Busch Cos. said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow . 
`` It may not be weeks or months , but they are also opportunistic and if they feel comfortable , they will move on a deal , '' he said . 
The Vermont American acquisition is designed to enhance their position in the accessories portion of the power-tool industry . 
The fields contain recoverable reserves of 435 billion cubic feet of natural gas and four million barrels of oil . 
Now there 's a new wrinkle in what young doctors want : More than half of 300 residents responding to recent survey said they 'd prefer a guaranteed salary over traditional fee-for-service compensation in their first professional position . 
`` Their attitude is , ` You want to talk mainframes , we 'll talk mainframes , ' '' says one computer industry executive . 
`` We 're taking on more debt than we would have liked to , '' acknowledged Michael Plouf , LIN 's vice president and treasurer . 
Also , it was not a funny time over here , what with the Vietnam War , the '68 Democratic convention , assassinations and riots . 
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge . 
The action at the Communist Party daily , viewed as the Soviet Union 's most authoritative newspaper , was considered the most significant development in a week of Kremlin wrangling over the press , including sharp criticism from Gorbachev . 
Stocks : Volume 237,960,000 shares . 
Revenue in the latest quarter rose 14 % to $ 589 million from $ 515.1 million . 
Cars ca n't move because of overflowing sewers . 
Then Procter & Gamble Co. agreed to buy Noxell Corp. for $ 1.3 billion . 
Mr. Sherry declined to comment when asked about the sales . 
In a bull market , credit does not matter , '' Mr. DeVoe added . 
`` I could get AZT , '' says Mrs. Glaser , who bears her infection without any symptoms . 
Domestic soft-drink bottler case sales are estimated to have risen only 1 % in the third quarter -- well below the 4 % to 5 % growth of recent years -- but about in line with the rest of the soft-drink industry . 
For instance , a CD-type annuity from North American Co. for Life & Health Insurance , Chicago , offers 8.8 % interest for one year or a 9 % rate for two years . 
Then they completed the other side of the trade by buying futures , which abruptly halted the stock market 's decline as traders began to buy stocks . 
The group had an operating profit of $ 65 million , against a loss of $ 13 million a year earlier . 
Currently , the rules force executives , directors and other corporate insiders to report purchases and sales of their companies ' shares within about a month after the transaction . 
Corporate Issues 
A second phase of research , which is still being planned , will test reformulated gasolines on newer engine technologies now being developed for use in 1992 or 1993 cars . 
Sir John has spurned Ford 's advances since the U.S. auto giant launched a surprise bid for as much as 15 % of Jaguar last month . 
Michael T. Carr , advertising director of Playboy magazine , was named publisher of National Lampoon and Heavy Metal magazines , succeeding George Agoglia . 
Yesterday , the Dow Jones Industrial Average did a now familiar dance : It plunged 60.25 points before lunch , with most of the drop occurring in 25 minutes . 
4:02 a.m . 
Although bond prices were n't as volatile on Tuesday trading as stock prices , traders nevertheless said action also was much slower yesterday in the Treasury market . 
Fees 2 . 
But Bogdan Gumkowski , who runs the casino at Warsaw 's Marriott Hotel , said the ventures would help Poland service its $ 39 billion foreign debt by pouring dollars into the state firms in the joint ventures -- the LOT airline and Orbis tourist organization . 
When the balloon is cruising along at a steady altitude there is little sense of motion . 
Gillette Co. , Boston , said it is planning to restructure its South African subsidiary . 
The panel 's action occurs in a politically charged atmosphere surrounding recent buy-out proposals , their apparent collapse and the volatile conditions in the stock market . 
As Conservatives rally around Mrs. Thatcher during the crisis , many harbor hopes last week 's debacle will prompt change . 
Healthcare has given HealthVest a 12 % note for that overdue amount , to be repaid over three years . 
We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.48 , up 0.24 ; spot index 130.73 , off 0.03 . 
That 's because the male part , the tassel , and the female , the ear , are some distance apart on the corn plant . 
The closely held Sunnyvale , Calif. , company also will announce an agreement to supply computers to Control Data Corp. , which will sell Mips machines under its own label . 
`` But think of the money you , the reader , will save on Halloween , '' said Mr. Barnicle . 
But he said the industry has `` a good decade ahead , '' particularly if aging baby boomers fulfill the industry 's dreams by buying RVs . 
The document proposes breaking up the monolithic system of state-owned enterprises and farms and allowing a big private sector to flourish , helped by tough anti-monopoly legislation . 
First Executive said the offering will raise about $ 299 million -- minus underwriting fees and other expenses -- that the company plans to use to write new life insurance and annuity business . 
Mr. Nogales , the first Hispanic person to serve as a Coors director , is an addition to the board , increasing its membership to nine . 
These critics object to Mr. Bush 's participation in a meeting that includes Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega among the guests . 
Scott Paper Co. , shelf offering of up to $ 360 million of debt securities , via Goldman Sachs , Salomon Brothers Inc. and Smith Barney , Harris Upham . 
To say that the Pentagon should act irresponsibly because acting responsibly will provoke Congress into acting irresponsibly leads to the conclusion that the Pentagon should deliberately exaggerate its needs in the national interest ; in other words , that it is justified in committing a crime -- lying to Congress -- because it is morally superior . 
`` I 'm happy that he feels positively about our company , '' he said . 
`` He asked me not to resign . 
The French water treatment group said consolidated net profit after payments to minority interests rose to 749 million francs ( US$ 119.2 million ) from 575 million francs in the first half of 1988 . 
Chase is vacating 1.1 million square feet of space , and Salomon Brothers Inc. , whose headquarters is in the building , also plans to move shortly . 
On Friday , Hambrecht & Quist added St. Jude Medical to the list of 20 stocks it strongly recommends . 
GM is close to completing a friendly deal with Jaguar that is likely to involve an eventual 30 % stake and joint manufacturing ventures . 
Senate Democratic leaders said they had enough votes to defeat a proposed constitutional amendment to ban flag burning . 
Mr. Hastings 's case was particularly nettlesome because it marked the first time a federal official was impeached and removed from office on charges of which a jury had acquitted him . 
Since the spill last March , Exxon and the state have been wrangling over whether spraying dispersant on the oil in the first hours after the spill , when the weather was clear and calm , would have helped limit the environmental damage . 
`` All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should concentrate on high technology , electronics or biotechnology , and get out of mature basic industries , '' Mr. Andersson recalls . 
Dividend-related trading swelled volume in Merrill Lynch , which closed unchanged at 28 3\/8 as 2.7 million shares changed hands . 
Weyerhaeuser 's pulp and paper operations were up for the nine months , but full-year performance depends on the balance of operating and maintenance costs , plus pricing of certain products , the company said . 
Net loss : $ 100.2 million ; $ 1.90 a share 
But other Bush administration officials have criticized Maryland Gov. William Schaefer for blocking the use of possible sites in that state . 
All Eastern 's previous court efforts to head off the pilots ' demands have failed . 
Further consolidations in the industry could follow . 
Petrolane Gas Service 's 13 1\/4 % debentures traded at 102 , after trading around par earlier this week , and RJR 's 13 1\/2 % subordinated debentures of 2001 were at 101 5\/8 after trading at below par earlier this week . 
When the Engelken family got back from its trip up north , Mr. Engelken wrote it all down , just to make sure no detail was missed . 
Ford and Saab officials declined to elaborate publicly on the announcement Friday that their negotiations failed to yield an agreement `` that could make long-term business sense to both parties . '' 
Mr. Gonzalez and his colleagues , particularly the finance minister , Carlos Solchaga , are charged with having abandoned their socialist principles and with having become arrogant elitists who refuse even to go on television ( controlled by the state ) to face their accusers . 
The bond market , which sometimes thrives on bad news , cheered yesterday 's stock market sell-off and perceptions that the economy is growing weaker . 
That award ended a dispute between Dean Witter and Mr. Bachman over who was responsible for certain bond-trading losses around the time of the 1987 stock-market crash . 
In an Oct. 10 editorial-page article , `` It 's the World Bank 's Turn to Adjust , '' Paul Craig Roberts lays most of the blame for what ails developing countries at the doorstep of the World Bank . 
For Mr. Sherwin , a conviction could carry penalties of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine on each count . 
Texas simply pumped harder . 
9.88 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 7\/16 % one year . 
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital-punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional . 
In England , this would mean that the British Deloitte would lose revenue for its audit of GM 's Vauxhill unit . 
A Chemical Securities group won a $ 100 million Oregon general obligation veterans ' tax note issue due Nov. 1 , 1990 . 
Its 1.7 million-share offering was priced at 15 . 
In November 1987 , a district court judge in Detroit ruled against the UAW . 
A test using new `` genetic probes '' showed that little Will Quinlan had not inherited a damaged retinoblastoma supressor gene and , therefore , faced no more risk than other children of developing the rare cancer . 
Among the other alumni are Stephen Wolf , now chairman of UAL Inc. , and Thomas Plaskett , president of Pan Am Corp . 
M. Anthony Burns , Ryder 's chairman and chief executive officer , said : `` We 're constantly trying to find ways to regain the earnings momentum . 
Timber stocks got a big boost . 
The sector was still 8.8 % above its output levels from a year earlier , however . 
Grace , a maker of specialty chemicals that already owned about 30 % of closely held Sierra , said it owns a 49 % stake in the new company . 
The Pale Pachyderms propelled six of 'em out of the unfriendly confines of Candlestick Park during the two games en route to 13-7 and 9-6 wins over the San Francisco Giants . 
He adds , `` That 's the forecasting business . '' 
The prime minister , whose hair is thinning and gray and whose face has a perpetual pallor , nonetheless continues to display an energy , a precision of thought and a willingness to say publicly what most other Asian leaders dare say only privately . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Succeeding him as chairman and chief executive will be Frank Lorenzo , chairman and chief executive of Continental 's parent , Texas Air Corp . 
Trust income grew 15 % , to $ 49.9 million , while service charges , fees and commissions increased 22 % , to $ 79.4 million . 
New experiments at some of the big national laboratories are still unable to find hints of nuclear fusion reactions , leaving only the finding of tritium in a Texas experiment to support University of Utah chemists ' claim of achieving hydrogen fusion at room temperatures . 
In a letter to investors , Chairman Edward S. Finkelstein wrote that he expects the company to `` benefit from some of the disruption faced by our competitors . 
The companies will retain their current regular quarterly dividend of 25 cents during the sale process , Mr. Rothman said . 
The announcement came after the market 's close . 
There , Mr. Shevardnadze felt legitimized to unveil his own peace plan : The U.S.S.R. would prolong a suspension of arms shipments to Nicaragua after the February election if the U.S. did likewise with its allies in Central America . 
In centering on the disruption of a few proud local customs such as the historic homes tour and the damage to the antiquities , your reporter served to only perpetuate an outdated and stereotypically provincial view of this otherwise thriving port city . 
Virginia GOP lieutenant governor candidate Eddy Dalton tries to have it both ways on the abortion issue . 
That unit of its Georgia Kaolin Co. subsidiary was sold to a unit of Unimin Corp . 
Both Warner and Sony declined to comment on the terms of the settlement discussions . 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY , Scotts Valley , maker of hard disk drives for computers , annual sales of $ 1.37 billion , OTC , closed to assess what appeared to be minor damage to some of its 20 buildings . 
For the nine months , the company said profit fell 49 % to $ 23.5 million from $ 46 million in the year-earlier quarter , which included divestiture-related gains of $ 50.6 million . 
Mr. Breeden also is trying to use a far more catastrophic event -- the California earthquake -- to move another rule change past Congress . 
Needless to say , he was talking about RICO . 
Yesterday , the company introduced four products , three of which are aimed at a hot new class of computers called notebooks . 
Shares of Coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 1.50 apiece to $ 19.125 in national over-the-counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . 
He is 37 , an astronomer with impressive credentials , and something of a genius at making computers do his bidding . 
`` Because of shrinkage in the economy , rates can be expected to decline over a one-year horizon , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote . 
While Utah is not yet a haven for environmentalism , public views toward the environment have significantly improved . 
Its GM Hughes Electronics and financial-services units both reported that third-quarter earnings were down from a year earlier . 
With $ 2.3 million , he and other investors launched Lithox last year to market a gallstone cure being developed by researchers of the University of California at San Diego . 
Shearson does n't break out the earnings of its subsidiaries . 
`` I 'm not accusing insurers of dereliction of duty , '' Robert Patricelli of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce told Mr. Waxman 's panel . 
In an internal memorandum to employees , Messrs. Connolly and Driscoll described the restructuring as an effort to continue rationalizing operations assembled during a series of mergers over the past five years . 
For the leadership , that was too painful to bear . '' 
Santa Fe Energy Co. , a unit of Santa Fe Southern Pacific Co. , bought from Amoco the rights that allowed it to drill the Sharpshooter . 
Terminals at San Francisco International also were damaged , but the tower itself was intact . 
`` We wo n't comment on them . '' 
It has n't made merger overtures to the board . 
As orders for its aircraft and submarine parts dwindled , three years of steady growth ended with a 69 % drop in income in this year 's first half . 
Business : Airline 
The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. `` have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months '' on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . 
Mr. Taft paid an average of $ 28.43 for each share . 
Mochida advanced 40 to 4,440 . 
Only walking and golf increased in popularity during the 1980s -- and only slightly . 
There are some important caveats : Before investing in stocks , individuals should have at least three to six months of living expenses set aside in the bank , most investment advisers say . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Meson said it holds 67,400 Verit common shares , including net purchases of 8,100 shares bought from Oct. 10 , 1988 , to Oct. 11 , 1989 , for $ 3.875 to $ 7 each . 
Sony , for its part , could decide that the cost of a Warner settlement or court fight is too high , choosing instead to find someone else to run Columbia , although that too would be costly given the financial arrangement already guaranteed to Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
White House officials were delighted that the compromise includes the concept of a training wage , which Mr. Bush has fought for throughout the year . 
A private market like this just is n't big enough to absorb all that business . 
Here is the red tape that irks surveyed business owners the most : 
The average one-year savings-type CD was down to 7.99 % from 8.01 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , a New York information service that tracks CD yields . 
Moreover , the opportunity to sell steel at a price acceptable to USX may be gone , for now . 
Now , those red applelike things stores sell in summer are fruitbowl lovely , but usually not good eating . 
`` That 's the biggest risk of all -- the risk of not meeting your objectives , '' says Steven B. Enright , a New York financial planner with Seidman Financial Services . 
`` We were disappointed we could n't use wood , '' says architect Walter J. Richardson , `` but the Japanese only want stronger materials . '' 
The junk market 's `` yield hogs are learning a real painful lesson , '' he says . 
Much of the cost of cleaning up after the earthquake will involve repairing highways and bridges . 
The Oil Pollution Act , scheduled to come up for a vote in Congress this fall , would provide that if claimants are n't paid within 90 days of a spill , the liability fund would compensate them and seek reimbursement from the owner or operator of the vessel , says a spokesman for Rep. George Miller ( D. , Calif. ) , a sponsor of the bill . 
Perhaps even the American apologists will now accede . 
After all , in all five recessions since 1960 , stocks declined . 
Broader averages also posted modest gains . 
That way , parents will reduce borrowings and outlays from current income when the time comes to pay tuition . 
The U.S. officials said that despite the rapid changes under way in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union , all the Cocom members agreed on `` the continuing need for this organization , '' which was founded 40 years ago at the start of the Cold War . 
He said that his resignation was a mutual decision with Capital Holding management , but that he was n't actually asked to resign . 
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc . 
I do n't know why . '' 
The number of makes has mushroomed because the U.S. is the world 's biggest and richest market for automobiles ; virtually every auto maker wants to sell here . 
Managers who retire Dec. 30 will have an additional 15 % added to their monthly pension for as long as five years or age 65 , whichever comes earlier . 
The suit alleges that American Brands misrepresented the financial condition of Pinkerton 's before the sale , failed to disclose pending lawsuits and material contracts in which Pinkerton 's was in default , had n't registered the Pinkerton 's name and trademark in the United Kingdom and did n't tell California Plant Protection about some labor controversies . 
Thrice married but now single , Mr. Peters got plenty of ink last summer for an on-set romance with actress Kim Basinger during the making of `` Batman . '' 
Revenue was $ 613.7 million , up 18 % from $ 521.2 million a year ago . 
Worth watching , although the music has lasted better than the plot or the humor . 
Last week , Bonn agreed to reschedule 2.5 billion marks in Polish debt that came due last year . 
In the past , the socialist policies of the government strictly limited the size of new steel mills , petrochemical plants , car factories and other industrial concerns to conserve resources and restrict the profits businessmen could make . 
The TVA currently plans to issue a total of $ 6.7 billion in bonds to refinance its high-interest debt . 
McCormick Capital Inc. said its tender offer to buy back as many as 1.1 million , or 44 % , of its common shares at $ 3 apiece , which expired Friday evening , was oversubscribed . 
But individuals familiar with the generally successful Drexel talks say the firm is meeting resistance from some big states , including New Jersey , New York , California , Pennsylvania , Connecticut and Missouri . 
The defendants could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
The Venezuelan currency plummeted this year , making it difficult for auto makers there to afford imported parts . 
Other RJR securities also closed higher . 
`` The pigs in the trough may have to give a little bit of the slop back and then the deal can go through , '' said Peter C. Canellos , tax partner at Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz . 
Along the way , investors dumped takeover stocks and shares of banks that have leveraged-buy-out debt and risky real estate loans on their books . 
Nerds and geeks sometimes find themselves a bit isolated at Harvard . 
It 's not good ; the market is setting up for another fall . '' 
In contrast , sell limit orders must be placed above the market price and buy limit orders are placed below . 
But while the Merc reopened a half hour later , the CBOE remained closed , leaving many options traders unable to make trades that might have reduced the losses . 
The agency 's workers and private companies would be allowed to bid for the assets up for sale . 
Some delays have been caused by a shortage of micoprocessors -- notably Intel Corp. 's newest chip , the 486 -- but others apparently have been caused by Dell 's explosive growth and thinly stretched resources . 
Statistics on acquisitions by foreigners vary in detail , because unlike Sansui , which is listed on the Tokyo and Osaka stock exchanges , most of the Japanese companies acquired by foreigners are privately held . 
The measure includes $ 2 million secured by Mr. Rudman for a marine-research project at the University of New Hampshire , and Sen. Ernest Hollings ( D. , S.C . ) used his power to add $ 10 million for an advanced technology initiative in the Commerce Department . 
As if he were still in his old job , Mr. Wright , by resigning with his title instead of being forced from his job , by law enjoys a $ 120,000 annual office expense allowance , three paid staffers , up to $ 67,000 for stationery and telephones and continued use of the franking privilege . 
Allianz did n't say whom , if anyone , it will support . 
He tapped Jimmy Johnson , a teammate on the 1964 University of Arkansas squad and the head coach at the University of Miami , where he led the Hurricanes to five winning seasons and a national championship in 1987 . 
Along the way there also are lots of romantic dalliances . 
When the Congress ( I ) lost the 1977 election , following Mrs. Gandhi 's hated emergency rule , a similar coalition took power and then disintegrated . 
Giant Group said a federal court in Delaware has denied a motion by Rally 's Inc. seeking to block a group led by Giant Chairman Burt Sugarman from acquiring more of the company 's shares . 
However , the quarter results included $ 28 million in royalty income from patent licenses , up from $ 21 million in the year-earlier period . 
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . ) 
The Manufacturers Hanover Corp. unit , which is seeking repayment of a $ 36 million loan , has asked the court to give its claim priority over that of Minpeco , which won a $ 132 million judgment against Mr. Hunt , his brother Nelson Bunker Hunt and other defendants last year in a case stemming from their alleged attempts to corner the silver market in 
Municipal , mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose 1\/8 to 1\/2 point . 
The shipments went mostly to food-service distributors that supply pizzerias and restaurants . 
Mr. Lipstein 's absence from the meeting here raised speculation that the sale is in trouble . 
Meanwhile , a federal jury found Mr. Bilzerian guilty on securities fraud and other charges in June . 
Mr. Tomash will remain as a director emeritus . 
These insurance company contracts feature some of the same tax benefits and restrictions as non-deductible individual retirement accounts : Investment gains are compounded without tax consequences until money is withdrawn , but a 10 % penalty tax is imposed on withdrawals made before age 59 1\/2 . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
The Commodore 64 and 128 , mainly used for children 's educational software and games , had surprised market researchers by continuing to produce strong sales even though other low-profit personal computers now operate several times as fast and have much more memory . 
But the new chairman vehemently opposed a provision in the bill that would give the agency the right to close the markets at times of stress . 
And the failures make it possible for Warner in its current lawsuit to paint the producers as ingrates . 
And where were all our handsomely paid Indian Ocean allies last year when our convoys were being attacked ? '' 
Another -- and critical -- factor is the U.S. , Hong Kong 's biggest export market . 
BankAmerica spokesmen said preliminary reports indicate the company was n't materially affected by the Tuesday earthquake . 
NEW ENGLAND CRITICAL CARE Inc. offered $ 35 million in convertible subordinated debentures through Morgan Stanley & Co. and Prudential-Bache Capital Funding . 
Waxman sells a variety of hardware products for the home repair market . 
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever . 
Time Warner declined comment . 
`` We have a good strong backlog for the fourth quarter even without '' the systems that were announced yesterday . 
Many South Korean business people want a devaluation instead , arguing that the won 's recent gains already have weakened the country 's export performance . 
The current contract pays the NFL $ 1.4 billion . 
Prospect , a New York-based leveraged buy-out firm , also agreed to invest $ 15 million in Recognition , which in turn agreed to repurchase as much as $ 20 million of its stock . 
So far , New York , New Jersey , Nebraska , Georgia , Michigan and Minnesota have outlawed Mr. Maynard 's device , citing health concerns . 
Price : $ 4.50 ) . 
As a result , prices paid to farmers for the commodities , which are used in products as diverse as bubble gum and chicken feed , plummet 20 % to 33 % . 
`` It is clear , '' Ms. Waite says , `` that most of the effect of increasing education has been to shift who is helping the wife\/mother . 
There are drawbacks . 
Plant officials are still assessing damage to parts suppliers and Port of Oakland facilities that handle shipments to the plant . 
So-called E-mail is the collection of inter-office memos , gossip , technical data , schedules and directives distributed over local and national computer networks . 
The 1986 tax overhaul , the biggest achievement of President Reagan 's second term , is beginning to fall apart , and interest groups are lining up for tax goodies all over Capitol Hill . 
`` This is especially true for spring merchandise , '' says Jim Rindos , credit manager at Bernard Sands . 
`` But we 'd rather put funds into our own business rather than someone else 's . 
General Motors Corp. has signaled that as many as five of its U.S. and Canadian plants may not survive the mid-1990s as it struggles to trim its excess vehicle-production capacity . 
The stock 's decline also has left the UAL board in a quandary . 
In addition to owning HBO , with 22 million subscribers , Time Warner separately operates cable-TV system serving about 5.6 million cable-TV subscribers . 
Insurers , such as Cigna Corp. , Transamerica Corp , and Aetna Life & Casualty Co. , buy reinsurance from other U.S.-based companies and Lloyd 's of London for one catastrophe at a time . 
The announcement said the acquisition should be completed by December after a definitive agreement is completed and regulatory approval is received . 
When WCRS created Della Femina McNamee out of the merger of three smaller agency units in 1988 , it said it did so in order to attract larger clients , especially packaged-goods companies . 
Taxes are not going out of business . '' 
International sales accounted for 47 % of total company sales for the nine months , compared with 50 % a year earlier . 
CORPORATE DOWNSIZING digs deeper . 
That Stevens himself is not grotesque or repellent , but funny and sad and enlightening , is entirely the author 's triumph . 
The consumer agency also disputed Newmark & Lewis 's continuing strategy of advertising `` new lower prices '' when allgedly there have n't been price reductions since June 1 . 
Curdling Confession 
Over the summer , Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time . 
Mr. Rosen , among others , suggested that the quake , the strongest since the 1906 temblor that struck San Francisco , will in the short term create a two-tier price system for quake-prone communities , with dwellings built on sturdy ground likely to demand higher prices . 
In the early 1980s , I predicted a significant acceleration in productivity growth over the rest of the decade . 
The state bar association 's policy making body , the House of Delegate , voted Saturday to ask Chief Judge Sol Wachtler to give the bar 's voluntary program three years to prove its effectiveness before considering mandatory pro bono . 
A Seagram spokesman in New York would n't comment . 
The other bidder is United Illuminating Co. , New Haven , Conn. , with a bid valued at $ 2.2 billion and and a proposal for seven years of 5.5 % rate increases . 
Procter & Gamble Co. , helped by a gain from a lawsuit settlement and continued growth overseas , posted a 38 % rise in fiscal first-quarter net income . 
Lotus said net rose to $ 23 million , or 54 cents a share , on sales of $ 153.9 million . 
`` The Japanese will come to Mexico , but not immediately , '' says Kazushige Suzuki , director-general of the Japanese External Trade Organization in Mexico . 
A bigger test will come next year if , as many analysts expect , bulk chemical prices slump in Europe . 
And so our institutions of higher learning lurch from scandal to scandal on gridiron and basketball court , while the casualties mount . 
Meanwhile , the $ 50 million of Series C bonds , which are suject to the alternative minimum tax , were priced at par to yield from 6.25 % in 1990 to 7.10 % to 2000 . 
Batch processing is the high-volume , single-job data processing that most mainframes typically chug through at night , such as updating accounts at banks . 
Mr. Cohen , the Drexel general counsel , said , `` I do n't think , as we say in investment banking , that ` by the end of the day ' we 'll be losing any licenses . '' 
C. Hyde Tucker will become president and chief executive officer of Bell Atlantic International Inc. , a unit of this telecommunications concern , effective Jan. 1 . 
Bush administration officials say inflation is under control . 
The Flamingo Hilton , Imperial Palace , Frontier and others are pouring millions of dollars into facelifts , new room towers and casino floor space just to keep up . 
The Financial Times 100-share index finished 10.6 points higher at 2189.7 . 
Stuart E. Eizenstat , a partner in the Washington law firm of Powell , Goldstein , Frazer & Murphy , was named a director of this utility holding company , increasing board membership to 14 . 
The board could eventually come under some pressure to sell the company because its members can be ousted by a majority shareholder vote , particularly since one-third of UAL stock is held by takeover stock speculators who favor a sale . 
After that , individual traders face the risk that the new investment they choose wo n't perform well -- so their trading costs could be sustained for nothing . 
Anti-Jones sentiment flooded the local press : `` A crude obnoxious hick , '' said one writer ; `` a real oink , '' said another ; `` Who in the hell does he think he is ? '' wrote a third . 
Among previously disclosed possible bidders is Bloomingdale 's Chairman Marvin Traub , who has aligned himself with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and Blackstone Group . 
New types of financing must make funds available without draining Poland 's hard-currency reserves . 
It wo n't happen again . 
In September , a New York appellate court overturned a state judge 's ruling that awarded the Cup to the New Zealand team . 
Travelers and other insurers have maintained that cleanup costs are n't damages and thus are n't covered under commercial policies . 
Some investors whose names were bandied about by traders as potential UAL stock buyers said they were n't buying . 
The biggest flurry of investor activity came early in the day . 
One dealer said the talk was that the firm sold about $ 500 million of bellwether 30-year bonds . 
Mr. Courter is further hobbled by a record of votes opposed to government regulation on behalf of consumers . 
As of June 30 , it had settled about 15,000 of 81,000 claims filed and its unpaid claims totaled $ 136 million , a large portion of its $ 268 million in cash and marketable securities . 
It 's a valid approach , but it puts a heavy burden on the director to show an uncommon degree of imagination and taste . 
Ogilvy & Mather , whose declining profitability prompted its takeover by WPP Group earlier this year , will see its profit margins bounce back to the `` 11.5 % range '' in 1990 , said Graham Phillips , the agency 's new chairman-elect . 
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Now that the Supreme Court opened the door on the subject of abortion , politicians are squinting under the glare of democratic choice . 
There is also worry that the Pepper Commission studying long-term health care will again push lawmakers toward employerpaid solutions . 
`` It 's so weird to have to decide what 's really important to you , '' said Barbara May . 
Bank of Montreal said it added 850 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 725.8 million ) to its reserves against losses on Third World loans , bringing the total it has set aside this year to C$ 1 billion . 
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum-wage bill , opening the way for the first wage-floor boost in more than nine years . 
`` They 're going to have mega-problems . '' 
Banks may contribute more senior debt . 
The Norfolk , Va. , company has 172.2 million shares outstanding . 
But then the noise turned into a roar . 
It 's set in New York , but it resonates with the terrible dynamics of the Latin American drug wars . 
`` Spirits companies now view themselves as global marketers , '' says Michael Bellas , president of Beverage Marketing Corp. , a research and consulting firm . 
`` It makes no sense for us to put money at risk when you know you 're going to lose , '' says Mr. Antolini , of Donaldson Lufkin . 
In two of three years , the actual result should fall within that range if all the assumptions were accurate . 
During the Reagan years he expanded his business and intelligence contacts with the Cubans and the Sandinistas . 
Transportation department officials , however , said they were as surprised as anyone by the Cypress destruction . 
It was agreed at the outset of the Washington Drug Initiative that the FBI 's role would be to continue targeting the major drug traffickers through our National Drug Strategy . 
The move is part of a drive to increase Colgate 's business with dentists , a company spokeswoman said . 
First , there 's the name : `` asset-backed securities . '' 
Stocks : Volume 176,100,000 shares . 
The chemical segment had a $ 6 million gain on the sale of ammonia and urea businesses , which was offset by a $ 6 million charge for future environmental expenditures . 
EMC manufactures data-storage systems for mainframes and minicomputers . 
And the Poles are engaged in commerce . '' 
The company also took a write-off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed-price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow-growing business . 
Its margin fell only seven basis points , or 7\/100ths of a percentage point , from a year ago , compared with a 13-point drop at Security Pacific Corp. and much larger declines among banks in other parts of the country . 
`` This is n't a new kind of union leadership , it 's a new Mexico . 
But when the two men met in New York a day after Mr. Icahn disclosed the rise in his USX stake , Mr. Corry learned that Mr. Icahn wanted him to sell all of Texas Oil -- not just its reserves of about 1.2 trillion cubic feet of natural gas and 28 million barrels of oil but also its pipeline , gas-gathering and contract-drilling operations . 
The study also said each federal court should set strict time limits for the pretrial exchange of documents and evidence , ranging from as much as 100 days for cases in the fast track to as much as 18 months for complex disputes . 
The molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor . 
When supplies are short , it often hands them over only in exchange for milk or grain . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Eagle shares rose 12.5 cents to $ 11 . 
Egg-industry lobbying helped persuade six states to ban Mr. Maynard 's automatic egg-breaking machine because of fears over salmonella . 
The association said domestic demand grew 8.8 % in September . 
Mr. Hammack is eager to know what Aetna will pay for the house , which has to come down . 
Precious Metals 
Mr. Waggoner could n't be reached . 
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs . 
Most own two to 10 stocks , and buy or sell no more than three times a year . 
That arrangement apparently has worked well , and Thomas A. Bologna , president and chief executive officer of Gen-Probe , founded in 1983 , said the sale of the company means `` we will be able to concentrate on running the business rather than always looking for sources of financing . '' 
`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) . 
By afternoon , the broader market joined the advance in full strength . 
The Supreme Court is scheduled to consider the case Nov. 3 and may issue a decision as early as Nov. 6 . 
Its stock has slumped recently , closing unchanged Friday at $ 29 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange ; at that price , the company has a market value of about $ 278.4 million . 
The loyal servant has come full circle . 
Moreover , he said , technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they 've been `` erased '' from a computer 's memory . 
Navigation Mixte holds the remaining 50 % . 
`` By the end of the 1990s , '' he said , `` we want to be producing roughly two vehicles overseas for every vehicle that we export from Japan . '' 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Sigmund Levine , Bancroft secretary and treasurer , said the closed-end fund 's directors will consider Mr. Green 's offer in a couple of weeks at a regular meeting . 
Unincorporated Business : Partnerships and sole proprietorships , professional corporations . 
The inverse trading relationship between bonds and stocks was interrupted yesterday as bonds fell despite a modest decline in stock prices . 
`` No magic bullet will be discovered next year , an election year , '' says Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif . ) 
At Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , they are `` financial consultants . '' 
The acquisition `` gives us additional production capacity for the food service coffee business and a stronger distribution network , '' a P&G spokesman said . 
It is no coincidence that from 1844 to 1914 , when the Bank of England was an independent private bank , the pound was never devalued and payment of gold for pound notes was never suspended , but with the subsequent nationalization of the Bank of England , the pound was devalued with increasing frequency and its use as an international medium of exchange declined . 
His hand on the monetary tiller seems one reason why the economy next month seems highly likely to begin an unprecedented eighth year of peacetime growth without a recession . 
Last October , during the 1988 Summer Games , NBC relentlessly pitched a new series , `` Tattingers . '' 
( People in the phone business call this technology `` 900 click . '' ) 
The president also hinted he might veto this year 's intelligence authorization bill if it is too restrictive . 
But by that time , many big institutions had switched business to London . 
San Antonio , Texas -- $ 575 million of electric and gas system revenue refunding bonds , Series 1989 , 1989A and 1989B , tentatively priced by a First Boston Corp. group to yield from 6.15 % in 1991 to 7.30 % in 2009 . 
Unless Mr. Lawson 's resignation leads to a change in British interest-rate policy -- Mrs. Thatcher 's administration firmly supports high interest rates to keep inflation in check -- or posturing toward full inclusion in the European Monetary System 's exchange-rate mechanism , Mr. Lawson 's withdrawal will have little long-term impact on exchange rates , Mr. Chandross concluded . 
The state of Alaska recently bought the Veritrac system , he says , `` to monitor the Exxon cleanup effort . '' 
Small-business patrols would be an especially helpful gesture whenever a small-business person is scheduled to testify against a robbery suspect . 
Cross & Trecker , a Bloomfield Hills , Mich. , machine-tool maker , said the net sales price of the total transaction is $ 24 million . 
The Justice Department said it filed a lawsuit seeking more than $ 7.7 million from a Meredith Corp. unit on charges that the company defrauded the government on a contract to provide relocation services for federal employees . 
Mr. Webster cites a four-page mailing from the United Cancer Council that offers a chance to win $ 5,000 in gold bullion to those giving as little as $ 5 to cancer education . 
It has been a well-paid transaction , this bartering away of the prestige of the republic 's highest office . 
Although a substantial short position reflects heavy speculation that a stock 's price will decline , some investors consider an increase in short interest bullish because the borrowed shares eventually must be bought back . 
James A. Hagen , chairman and chief executive officer , noted that earnings advanced `` in the face of a drop in business , brought on by the general economic slowdown . '' 
Further , under the agreement , First Tennesse would continue to develop the software that creates customer products and sevices . 
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo . 
The Ford issue , through Ford Credit 1989-A Grantor Trust , was priced at a yield spread of 95 basis points above the Treasury 7 3\/4 % issue due July 1991 . 
`` If one thinks that rates are going down , you do n't care how much supply is coming . '' 
Industry sources said they expect a fierce battle to emerge between TransCanada , which has a monopoly on Canadian gas transportation east of Alberta , and Nova and Westcoast , which control the pipelines within and running west of Alberta , respectively . 
Our mission is to help our clients grow , and to use every tool of marketing communications to accomplish that . '' 
The new understanding did n't just spring to life in a spontaneous eruption of sweetness and light . 
West Germany also has increased its credit guarantees to Hungary by 500 million marks to 1.5 billion marks as the emerging democratic state rushes through its own economic reforms , including a broad privatization of state-owned industry and tax incentives for industrial investment . 
Typically , he will be billed only several weeks after the expenditure , and then has another couple of weeks before he has to pay the bill . 
Still , local builders are eager to tell the world that most of San Francisco does n't look like the TV images of destruction . 
In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year . 
Historically , New York is almost always in trouble . 
NRM Energy Co. said it filed materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission calling for it to restructure into a corporation from a limited partnership . 
The initial costs are said to be in the $ 2 billion a year range , but that 's only the beginning . 
The flood of claims and counter-claims worried consumers and actually hurt sales of the new cereals . 
Convertible mortgages have become an increasingly popular way to finance prestigious buildings of late . 
Billing is included in a caller 's regular phone bill . 
A foul-smelling demon supposedly plagued a house in Mannington , Ky . 
Stock prices , meanwhile , are about 140 points lower than the peak of 2791.41 reached on the Dow industrial average Oct. 9 . 
Some projections show Mexico importing crude by the end of the century , barring an overhaul of operations . 
In Bombay stock market circles , the buzzword is `` mega . '' 
The hotels and management interests will be sold at an auction , said John Rothman , president and chief executive officer of the trust and a director of the corporation . 
Comsat Video , which distributes pay-per-view programs to hotel rooms , plans to add Nuggets games to their offerings , as Mr. Turner did successfully with his Atlanta Hawks and Braves sports teams . 
That committee determined to open Arizona to banking across state lines . 
Warner tells another . 
A spokesman for the city would n't confirm the size of the bond issue , but did say that a general obligation offering is in the works and should be priced sometime in the next two weeks , before the November mayoral election . 
The Golden Gate handled as many cars as normally yesterday , but over four hours rather than the usual two-hour crush . 
Most troublesome is the shrinking pool of `` names , '' the well-heeled investors ( some of them royal ) who , as members of about 360 syndicates , underwrite policies . 
`` We consider our internal controls to have worked well , '' she said , adding that some procedures have been strengthened . 
In 1988 , Dallas-based Sterling protested a similar decision by NASA involving the same contract , claiming it had submitted the lowest bid . 
Steven F. Kaplan was named a senior vice president of this graphics equipment company . 
But operating a U.S. department-store chain would be very difficult , '' says Motoyuki Homma , managing director of the international division at Mitsukoshi Ltd. , one of Japan 's leading department stores . 
Sales jumped 12.2 % to 232.12 billion yen from 206.87 billion yen . 
Previously , no OPEC member had been willing to accept a reduction in its percentage share of the group 's total output target , or ceiling . 
All the concerns are based in Toronto . 
He said the loss was n't `` that much different '' from Ford 's $ 37 million loss on U.S. automotive operations , but he declined to be specific . 
The station is promised $ 1.8 billion within the $ 5.36 billion provided for research and development in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , and the nation 's high-speed aerospace plane -- cut by the Senate -- could receive as much as $ 60 million in new funds or transfers . 
For example , 12 % of this year 's respondents said they expect a recession within 12 months . 
That gives them both the threat of a strike and the ability to resist any wage concessions that may be necessary to make a transaction work . 
And as a result -- as the recent vote by the House to undo Mr. Cheney 's program terminations suggests -- the preservation of jobs is becoming the real goal of defense `` strategy . '' 
Several months ago , it also added black health and beauty aids displays to many stores , a spokeswoman said . 
As a senior vice president , he has headed the company 's designer lingerie division , Oscar de la Renta , since its inception in 1988 . 
I really want to see that happen again . '' 
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
For its fiscal year ended March 31 , Computer Sciences had revenue of $ 1.3 billion . 
The balloting , considered a test for the prime minister and the ruling Congress ( I ) Party , comes amid charges of inept leadership and government corruption . 
`` We continue to be on target for ... increasing TPA sales 20 % to 25 % this year , '' said founder and Chief Executive Officer Robert Swanson . 
`` Some companies were delinquent in filings and other actions , all of which cost money , '' Mr. Holmes said . 
`` They are angry about the government ... so they hold back the goods , '' he said . 
Mr. Ondaatje sold his stake in Pagurian Corp. to Hees earlier this year and is said to be seeking a media acquisition . 
The Galileo worm apparently was hatched on a computer in France hooked up to NASA 's Space Physics Analysis Network , Mr. Redmond said . 
GM closed down $ 1.875 at $ 44.875 in New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday . 
Long-term Treasury issues declined about half a point , or $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Mr. Threlkeld said the copper market seems to be anticipating a recession in three months , with declining use being the result . 
The arbs may recoup some of their paper losses if the UAL deal gets patched up again , as they did in 1982 when Occidental Petroleum Co. rescued them with a $ 4 billion takeover of Cities Service . 
Here are some of the major components of the gross national product expressed in seasonally adjusted annual rates in billions of constant ( 1982 ) dollars : 
Ms. Clifton had been executive financial assistant to the chairman . 
Market conditions point to even lower prices next year . 
The department distributed the revisions and clarifications to U.S. attorneys around the country this summer as part of a routine process of updating prosecutorial guidelines , Mr. Runkel said . 
For one of the superstars of glasnost , Vitaly Korotich , editor of the trail-blazing weekly Ogonyok , Friday , Oct. 20 was a somersaulting day that turned from tension to elation . 
Maryland National Bank 's retail finance division will continue to service the loans . 
In this niche , makeup colors change seasonally because they are linked to ready-to-wear fashions . 
In the September issue of Scientific American , Thomas E. Graedel , distinguished member of the technical staff at AT&T Bell Laboratories , and Paul J. Crutzen , director of the air chemistry division of the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz , West Germany , wrote , `` It is now quite evident that chlorofluorocarbons , particularly CFC-11 and CFC-12 are the major culprits responsible for ozone depletion . '' 
The Federal Trade Commission ruled that five major title-insurance companies illegally fixed prices for title search-and-examination services by participating in joint `` rating bureaus '' in six states . 
Steelmakers have also been adding capacity of so-called electrogalvanized steel , which is another way to make coated corrosion-resistant steel . 
Rep. Jim Leach ( R. , Iowa ) says the Lincoln S&L affair is `` the biggest bank heist in history , '' and adds : `` The great question that remains to be resolved is whether we have a congressional Watergate in the making . '' 
`` The arrogance of a judge , his demeanor , the way he handles people are not a basis for filing a complaint , '' says Mr. Bognato . 
Dr. Teich said Searle is `` the only company I know that voluntarily '' will make consumer information available . 
Although Paribas denies it , analysts say the new bid in part simply reflects the continuing rivalry between France 's two largest investment banking groups . 
The 30-share index fell 33.3 points to 1739.3 . 
Secured creditors would recover both principal and interest , while unsecured creditors would receive only principal and interest accrued before PS of New Hampshire filed for Bankruptcy Code protection in January 
LOCKHEED CORP. , Calabasas , aerospace and defense concern , annual sales of $ 10.59 billion , NYSE , said its Lockheed Missiles & Space division closed its Santa Cruz test facility because of power outages and landslides . 
Tuesday , October 31 , 1989 
Institutional investors that must evaluate poison pills on a regular basis are interested less in this general debate than in the answers to specific questions about the corporation issuing the pill . 
The political risk would be far less if the president drew a firm line and hewed to it , experts insist . 
Within minutes after the stock market closed Friday , I called Sen. Bill Bradley of New Jersey , advised him that the Dow Jones Industrial Average had declined by 190 points late that afternoon , and cheerfully informed him that he and his fellow Democrats were to blame . 
Ever since the link to cholesterol was disclosed , Americans have begun scarfing up psyllium in their breakfast cereals . 
`` Self-sufficiency has to be the cornerstone of your plan , '' says Stephanie Masaki-Schatz , manager of corporate emergency planning at Atlantic Richfield Co. in Los Angeles . 
In addition , mutual funds did n't appear to be major sellers of high-yield securities as was expected . 
TAXPAYERS ' RIGHTS are defined by a growing number of states . 
Spaced Out 
Little known outside the legal world but a powerhouse within , Litigation Sciences , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi PLC , employs more than 100 psychologists , sociologists , marketers , graphic artists and technicians . 
The government is funding several projects to push PC use . 
Advertisers do n't think of the magazine first , says Joan McCraw , who joined in April as national advertising director . 
A recall of the mushrooms blamed for the food poisoning began in early March . 
Mr. Fournier also noted that Navigation Mixte joined Paribas 's core of shareholders when Paribas was denationalized in 1987 , and said it now holds just under 5 % of Paribas 's shares . 
Persuading tradition-bound Japanese retailers to get involved in the turmoils of the U.S. retailing industry is n't likely to be so easy , analysts say . 
The preamble says that human life begins at conception and that unborn children have rights protected by the Constitution . 
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany . 
Bristol-Myers Co. and Squibb Corp. , Princeton , N.J. , merged Oct. 4 , but the new company reported third-period earnings for both companies . 
There is a scene at the end of the first week 's show where Mancuso attends the unveiling of the memorial to his dead partner David . 
The Senate will deliberate behind closed doors today and is scheduled to vote on the impeachment tomorrow . 
According to Mr. Verwoerd , the early Afrikaner pioneers were the first people to settle in the eastern Transvaal , even before the blacks . 
However , that figure could be revised , Financial Corp. said . 
Speaking of dark nights , the Met 's next-door neighbor , the New York City Opera , has canceled its season after failing to reach a settlement with its musicians , who wanted pay parity with the the Chicago Lyric and San Francisco Opera orchestras . 
In 1986 , Baker , Nye waged a proxy fight for control of Leaseway Transportation Inc. that ultimately led to Leaseway 's being sold . 
Federal examiner Alex Barabolak said Lincoln 's operations amounted to `` pyramiding debt to provide a luxurious life style for its owners . '' 
3:25 a.m . 
Ferro also said it would cancel the unused portion of a 1987 buy-back plan for administrative reasons . 
This amounts to an extraordinary repudiation of the tenure of New York mayoral candidate and former U.S. Attorney Rudolph Giuliani , who was more inclined to gathering scalps than understanding markets . 
G. Christian Hill and Ken Wells contributed to this article . 
Forget about Treasury bills or a money-market fund . 
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues . 
In one , imports and exports continue to grow at the respective average rates of 25 % and 5 % recorded during the first seven months , and the current-account deficit widens to $ 13.1 billion . 
Saturday night she dined in an emergency shelter on salmon steaks prepared by chefs from one of the city 's four-star restaurants . 
But according to Doug Madison , a corporate trader with Bank of America in Los Angeles , a large number of short positions must first be corrected , spurring a temporary upswing , before the unit can turn lower . 
Granges said it also plans in the third quarter to write down the carrying value of the Tartan mine by 2.5 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 2.12 million ) , and to write off most of the C$ 6.3 million carrying value of its Windflower gold property in British Columbia . 
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it . 
The company says those holdings constitute the third-biggest real-estate portfolio in Belgium . 
Of the almost 3,000 athletes surveyed , 1,240 took the time to respond . 
Industry analysts speculated that Mr. Price 's sudden departure may have stemmed from conflicts with Mr. Gatward . 
Rockefeller Group agreed to sell a 51 % interest to Mitsubishi Estate , a major Japanese developer and property owner , for $ 846 million . 
Both companies stress that employees know they are being recorded and that customer conversations are n't taped . 
`` They look the same . 
Their machine tools are even bolted to the shop floor . 
Three other major U.S. banks posted earnings increases . 
At the same time , abortion foes have developed a national legislative strategy , deciding to move on what Jacki Ragan , the National Right to Life Committee 's director of state organizational development , calls `` reasonable measures that an overwhelming mainstream majority of Americans support . '' 
The 231-191 roll call illustrates the limits of power a resurgent abortion-rights movement still faces . 
Overall OTC insurance issues were mixed . 
Donald Vinson , who oversees the experiments , is n't some white-coated researcher . 
`` Managers have long been those who supervise their subordinates so orders would be properly acted on , '' a spokesman says . 
The CWA claims that monitoring not only infringes on employee privacy , but increases stress . 
That may not come as a surprise to Americans who have watched the Japanese snap up properties in the U.S. from golf courses to a stake in Rockefeller Center . 
Until now , its inability to form membership ties with organized labor has kept it from penetrating the lucrative New York metropolitan area construction market . 
DISCIPLINARY PROCEEDINGS against lawyers open to public in Illinois . 
Among them are the shipbuilders , which had halved their shipyard work forces to cut costs during a prolonged slump in demand but now are capturing an increased share of the strengthening global market . 
The vaccine is effective in preventing a disease that still afflicts about 60 million children a year world-wide , causing an estimated one million deaths . 
`` The ideal defense in a case involving an accident is to persuade the jurors to hold the accident victim responsible for his or her plight , '' Mr. Vinson has written . 
The delay in getting AZT to children has been blamed on a combination of factors . 
However , a catalyst like Coniston could seek shareholder support for a sale to a labor-management group at the last price discussed by that group before the board meeting Monday . 
Earlier this year , Texas Air 's Eastern Airlines filed for bankruptcy . 
`` I expect to see the demand exceed supply for Fujis for the next 10 to 15 years , '' he adds . 
However , `` we are n't currently doing anything . 
Ratners and Weisfield 's said they reached an agreement in principle for the acquisition of Weisfield 's by Sterling Inc . 
Neither Mr. Hnilica , Mr. Carboni nor Vatican officials could be reached for comment over the weekend . 
Next year may see a drop of one percentage point . 
Mr. Azoff resigned as head of MCA Records , a unit of MCA Inc. , in September , and had been discussing a joint venture with both Warner and MCA . 
The average dropped 6.40 to 1247.87 and has now lost 21.7 % of its value since the losing streak began Oct. 10 . 
In recent months , three big Tokyo-based publishing concerns -- including Nikkei Business Publications , Nikkei Home ( no relation ) , and Magazine House -- applied for membership in Magazine Publishers of America , which represents almost all U.S. consumer magazines . 
According to Mr. Steinman , the newsletter publisher , Anheuser 's market share is nearly twice that of its nearest competitor , Miller Brewing , which had a 21.2 % stake last year . 
RU-486 `` probably represents a technical advance in an area where none is needed , or at least not very much , '' said Phillip Stubblefield , president of the National Abortion Federation , at a reproductive health conference in 1986 . 
`` While the stock market was falling , most { junk bond holders } were just watching it not knowing what to do , '' said Paul Suckow , director of fixed-income securities at Oppenheimer Management Corp . 
Pension reform was its main thrust . 
The trust , which was created as part of Manville 's bankruptcy-law reorganization to compensate victims of asbestos-related diseases , ultimately expects to receive $ 2.5 billion from Manville , but its cash flow from investments has so far lagged behind its payments to victims . 
Rally 's , a fast-food chain based in Louisville , Ky. , is contending that Mr. Sugarman and two other company directors failed to disclose to the Securities and Exchange Commission that they intended to acquire a big Rally stake . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index lost about 1 % , or 3.95 , to 448.80 . 
12:07 a.m . 
There was also a decline in the group 's net financial costs to 25 million francs from 50 million a year before . 
With Japan 's cash-flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult . 
Along with the exodus of shopping opportunities is an exodus of the jobs that the major chains used to provide to community residents . 
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . '' 
The charge will be added to $ 20 million in reserves established a year ago to cover the cost overruns . 
-- Give the EPA more flexibility to declare a pesticide an imminent hazard and pull it from the marketplace . 
Mr. Etzioni also suggests forbidding anyone from gathering background information about the jurors . 
Beneficiaries aged 65 through 69 will be able to earn $ 9,360 without losing any Social Security benefits in 1990 , up from $ 8,880 this year . 
Only 42 % of last year 's respondents anticipated slowing growth . 
Thus B.A.T 's restructuring may only make the company a more manageable target for other corporate predators -- possibly such acquisitive bidders as Hanson PLC . 
Still , few investors are able to sit tight when they are convinced a recession is coming . 
Each index point represents a $ 500 profit for each S&P 500 contract held . 
The dollar gained against most foreign currencies . 
American Medical is being acquired . 
Private security guards and moonlighting police can invoke the law of trespass to regulate access to these quasi-public places . 
But Saatchi 's troubles have only whipped up interest among outsiders interested in picking off pieces of its ad businesses . 
Sales of North American-built cars and trucks plunged 20.5 % in mid-October from a year earlier , as domestic manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier this year . 
On a commercial scale , the sterilization of the pollen-producing male part has only been achieved in corn and sorghum feed grains . 
Using a calculator and a unit-price guide for such jobs as painting , plumbing and roofing in each major region of the country , adjusters can figure out the value of a home in today 's market and what it would cost to rebuild it . 
In 1985 , the Medical Tribune reported that a growing number of critics are challenging the FDA bioequivalence-therapeutic-equivalence equation . 
And Industrial Bank of Japan started up a London securities subsidiary that sells Japanese stocks to non-Japanese institutions overseas , a move that stirred the anger of the stock brokerage firms . 
The debt load would have been higher but for a reduction of A$ 5 billion over the past year from asset sales , Mr. Bond said at a business gathering . 
The more we think about it , the more we suspect Mr. Brady does indeed have enough power where he already is . 
They want psyllium prices low for their purchases next year . 
Also involved in the group is Robert F. Angelo , formerly Phoenix 's senior vice president , field operations , who left Phoenix at the beginning of October . 
In recent years , unions and community groups have won big commitments from banks to make low-interest loans in certain neighborhoods by threatening to hold up proposed acquisitions with protests to the Fed about reinvestment act compliance . 
I was a last-minute ( read interloping ) attendee at a French journalism convention and so far the festivities had been taken up entirely by eating , drinking , smoking , sleeping and drinking . 
Critics on the left and right have been calling for all sorts of revisions to the measure for years . 
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces . 
The availability of timely assistance -- of a backstop -- can help markets retain their resilience . 
But GM officials said they , too , were surprised by the move , which left them to `` consider all our options and explore matters further . '' 
Where does Mr. Lehman get off castigating Gen. George Marshall for muscling in on naval prerogatives ? 
New York Stock Exchange volume was 164,830,000 . 
`` We hope to sensitize employers '' to recognize the problems so they can do something about them , Dr. Warshaw said . 
People may be particularly vulnerable to flim-flam pitches when they are in the midst of a major upheaval in their lives . 
Meanwhile , the securities companies -- most of them smaller than the banks -- are seeking access only to limited kinds of banking that would n't open them to the full brunt of competition from the banks . 
Per-share net rose to 55.10 yen from 54.51 yen . 
And what about insurance firms ? 
SCI TV 's six stations once were part of Storer Communications . 
Mr. Gaskin formerly was president and chief executive of Taylor & Gaskin Inc. and was a director of Prab Robots since 1985 . 
Now , in the '90s , we 're headed toward a total resort environment . '' 
Fujitsu itself , which said the bid had n't been approved by its headquarters , was clearly embarrassed . 
`` Let 's not forget this is the same company that has been profiteering with this drug for 2 1\/2 years , '' Mr. Weiss added . 
Revenue from financial and real-estate services jumped 23 % to $ 177.4 million from $ 144.1 million a year ago . 
Trelleborg 's internationally traded `` Bfree '' series stock plunged SKr29 ( $ 4.48 ) to SKr205 ( $ 31.65 ) in volatile trading Monday in Stockholm . 
Most oil companies , when they set exploration and production budgets for this year , forecast revenue of $ 15 for each barrel of crude produced . 
The action was confined to Nasdaq 's biggest and most liquid stocks , traders said . 
The offering , with an expected average life of 3.2 years , will float monthly at 20 basis points above the rate on an index of 30-day double-A-rated commercial paper , which now yields about 8.50 % . 
Instead , they are working to transform Banco Exterior into an efficient bank by the end of 1992 . 
`` Stop-close-only orders '' are stop orders that only become active during the closing minutes of trading . 
The company said the general financial performance of its U.S. brewing operations , G. Heileman Brewing Co. , was `` disappointing , and this has been reflected in the results . '' 
Kemper officials declined to identify the firms but acknowledged a long-simmering dispute with four securities firms and said the list of brokers it wo n't do business with may be lengthened in the months ahead . 
The bond fund will invest in high-grade or medium-grade bonds , mortgages or asset-backed securities , including as much as 15 % in foreign securities . 
Some members of the huge crowd shouted `` Viva peace , viva . '' 
Today , Aer Rianta is making a heap of money from its Soviet friendship . 
The company agreed to sell its minority investments in makers of steam-generating and related equipment , Stein Industrie and Energie & Verfahrenstechnik , to the major shareholder in the companies , Dutch-based GEC Alsthom N.V . 
They 're just as confused . '' 
Lincoln 's treatment by former thrift regulators , in an agency disbanded by the new law , has proved embarrassing for five senators who received thousands of dollars in campaign contributions from Mr. Keating . 
Interlake Corp. , proposed offering of $ 200 million of senior subordinated debentures , via Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Fully 62 % of the doctors surveyed for Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. think their fellow physicians are responsible for rising health-care costs , ahead of hospitals ( 55 % ) and patients ( 48 % ) . 
Although Columbia had a good summer with `` Ghostbusters II '' and `` When Harry Met Sally , '' rivals such as Warner , Paramount Pictures , Walt Disney Co. and Universal Studios have been thrashing Columbia at the box office . 
Finally , the theory suggests why Republicans generally have fared better in Senate races than in campaigns for the House . 
Moreover , the frumpy Fuji must compete with an increasingly dolledup Delicious . 
They 'd like to see some other names in their portfolios , '' said Michael S. Appelbaum , first vice president at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
Some of the three other bidding groups are expected to increase their offers tomorrow , a date set for revised offers by a bankruptcy court judge . 
Though the Cubs ' championship season ended with the National League playoffs , a revival of the Organic Theater 's production of `` Bleacher Bums , '' a play in nine innings set in the Wrigley Field bleachers , continues within spitting distance of the ballpark . 
Those percentages hardly changed from the previous year 's poll . 
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims . 
Some had predicted earnings of more than $ 4 a share for this year , up from last year 's fully diluted $ 3.27 a share on earnings of $ 680.6 million . 
Aside from slashing costs and investing heavily in its plants , Akzo has spent 3.9 billion guilders ( $ 1.88 billion ) on acquisitions since 1983 to give it better balance . 
An increasing number of references by the Soviet press to opposition groups now active in the U.S.S.R. , particularly the Democratic Union , allege that they show `` terroristic tendencies '' and claim that they would be prepared to kill in order to achieve their aims . 
Remember , though , that beta also has important limitations . 
Later , Mr. Dinkins became more deeply indebted to Mr. Sutton and other city pols , including then-City Council President Paul O'Dwyer , when they helped him get appointed city clerk , a largely ceremonial post responsible for the city 's marriage bureau , among other things . 
In 1987 , USAir Chairman Edwin Colodny stonewalled when Trans World Airlines Chairman Carl Icahn threatened to take over the carrier . 
The media has raised questions about Larsen & Toubro 's issue , pointing out that it exceeds the company 's annual sales and its market capitalization . 
Markets usually get noticed because they soar or plunge . 
Disgusted , I cast around for a different way to plan my asset distribution , and with hardly any heavy breathing the answer struck me : I was doing it already ! 
September orders for machine tools rebounded from the summer doldrums , but remained 7.7 % below year-earlier levels , according to figures from NMTBA -- the Association for Manufacturing Technology . 
`` I consider it one of the stupidest ideas of the 20th century , '' he says . 
Most expect the decline in New York stock prices to continue this week . 
Bolar has denied any wrongdoing . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
It also licenses optically based data storage and retrieval devices . 
The CFTC has 90 days to respond to such applications . 
City officials there had been were aware that a large company was moving in , but negotiations had all been conducted through a law firm and under the code name `` Everglades . '' 
Now , apparently , they do . 
Peter Lieb , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the case , declined to comment on the trial . 
The Los Angeles thrift holding company said it had a loss of $ 92.2 million , or $ 6.98 a share , for the quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
Yesterday a spokeswoman said the company was `` pleased with our progress '' in that regard and `` hopes to provide additional details soon . '' 
And they say there are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts . 
Goldman said Eastern would miss the same mark by at least $ 120 million . 
The huge drop in UAL stock prompted one takeover stock trader , George Kellner , managing partner of Kellner , DiLeo & Co. , to deny publicly rumors that his firm was going out of business . 
`` If the { Tennessee Valley Authority } sale is any guide , there appears to be good demand for top-quality , long-term paper from both domestic and overseas accounts , '' he said . 
The company 's board approved the repurchase of up to 45 million common shares , or about 26 % of its shares outstanding , through the end of 1992 . 
`` Russian ships are arriving in the gulf and there is n't enough grain in the pipeline , '' said Katharina Zimmer , a futures analyst with Merrill Lynch & Co. in New York . 
The reason does n't relate to your selling skills . '' 
Long-term bonds , with many years left before maturity , swing more widely in price . 
The figure also may reflect initial claims filed by striking Nynex Corp. workers who have become eligible for unemployment benefits , the official said . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
You become expendable . 
It said the maximum cost of the plan would be $ 9.7 million . 
Allianz said it won French government approval to buy as much as one-third of Navigation Mixte , a diversified financial , transport and food holding company . 
Because of the recent junk-market turmoil , the fund is considering investing in other issues instead , including mortgage-backed bonds . 
But then steady , concentrated buying by Bear , Stearns & Co. , which frequently buys stock for corporate raiders , took hold and steadied the fall in UAL , which eventually buoyed the entire market . 
Prices on the larger models , which range as high as $ 13 million , generally wo n't change . 
NASA said the Galileo worm had nothing to do with either delay . 
`` We kind of got caught between bureaucracies , '' says President William F. Brooks Jr . 
At the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in California , new experiments indicated that the lithium added to the heavy water so it will conduct a current can produce previously unsuspected electrical effects on the surface of the palladium rod -- which Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons might have misinterpreted , reported Philip Ross from the California laboratory . 
City officials feared widespread gridlock on the first day that normal business operations were resumed following last Tuesday 's earthquake . 
Under those measures , financial institutions would be restricted from owning any more real estate than they need for their business operations . 
Charles Gardner , a former Unisys vice president , and James Neal , a former company consultant , have admitted participating in this and other bribery schemes . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton gave small investors some welcome news by announcing that it would no longer handle index-arbitrage-related program trades for its accounts . 
The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much-larger Paribas . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Ford said it holds 22.8 million ordinary shares . 
The Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade set up a special bureau last month to monitor the issue of import and export licenses . 
Bank Building , which expects to report a fourth-quarter loss , said it engaged advisers to `` explore financial alternatives for the company including the possible sale of the company or one or more of its units . '' 
Mr. Goldberg , who took over as head of the IRS in July , has been disturbed by what he considers the inefficiency , waste and lack of coordination among the branches of the vast federal agency . 
The solicitation material indicates that donations will go toward a campaign alerting and informing the public about some health or other issue . 
Japanese and U.S. photographic firms are beginning to produce electronic cameras and X-rays that do n't require silver , dealers say . 
The plant was evacuated and workers sent home . 
They are economists and financial reporters who sympathize with the view that a capital-gains tax cut benefits the rich . 
The Ministry of Construction spreads concrete throughout the country and boasts in international conferences that Japan 's paved roadway per capita is the longest in the world , but they seldom think of the poor commuters who spend so much time sitting in traffic . 
Winnebago Industries slid 5\/8 to 5 1\/4 . 
Nonetheless , the suit seeks unspecified damages that an attorney for Quickview claimed could run into the millions of dollars . 
Late in London , the dollar was quoted at 1.8410 West German marks and 142.70 Japanese yen , up from late Monday in New York . 
For the fiscal year , the company said it anticipates reporting earnings of $ 23 million , or about $ 1.15 a share , including a charge of about $ 5.9 million , or 22 cents a share , related to the merger that created Legent out of Duquesne Systems Inc. and Morino Inc. in March 1989 . 
The West German machinery and plant equipment industry 's orders rose an inflation-adjusted 1 % in September from a year earlier despite a sharp drop in foreign orders , the German Association of Machinery Makers said . 
WORLD ODDITIES come alive in a multimedia version of the Guinness Book of Records . 
`` By doing it in this manner we can have , I would say , more time without the press of social activities or mandatory joint appearances , things of that nature for public consumption , '' Mr. Bush said . 
Some analysts say the latest results only seem pale by comparison with a spectacular second half of 1988 . 
`` M&A is getting all the headlines right now , but these other things have been building up more gradually , '' she says . 
At Fireman 's Fund Corp. , a spokesman said 142 claims were received in the first 24 hours after the quake , and the company is braced for as many as 5,000 claims from its 35,000 residential and 35,000 business policyholders in the affected area . 
Japan is going on a capital-spending binge that could make its trade surpluses even harder to shrink . 
Increasingly accurate estimates of the severity of the quake became available before I got to my car . 
In Japanese firms , the president usually is in charge of day-to-day operations , while the chairman 's role is more a ceremonial one . 
Many a piglet wo n't be born as a result , and many a ham will never hang in a butcher shop . 
The initial $ 11 million research program will conduct the most extensive testing to date of reformulated gasolines , said Joe Colucci , head of fuels and lubricants at General Motors Corp. research laboratories . 
In a move apparently aimed at heading off new punitive legislation , Mr. Deng sent an indirect signal to Washington via T.D. Lee , a Columbia University physicist who met Mr. Deng and other Chinese leaders in Beijing last month . 
One cell was teased out , and its DNA extracted . 
Minpeco attorneys said they would appeal the decision to a federal district court . 
International Business Machines dropped 7\/8 to 99 7\/8 . 
Of that amount , $ 20 million was payment for the land underneath the building and the rest was for the building itself . 
Pfizer said third-quarter sales increased 4 % to $ 1.44 billion from $ 1.38 billion . 
`` Reports from branches are that there has been greater interest in the last day or so , '' said Steven Braitman , a vice president at Chemical Bank in New York . 
`` Long-term investing -- that 's not Steinhardt 's style , '' chuckles an investor who once worked at Steinhardt Partners . 
What will Mr. Sagan do with his new theater building if the allure of Hollywood and Broadway proves too much for such Steppenwolf stalwarts as John Malkovich ( `` Dangerous Liaisons '' ) , Joan Allen ( `` The Heidi Chronicles '' ) , and Glenne Headly ( `` Lonesome Dove '' ) , and the company crumbles ? 
Equitec posted a $ 3.3 million net loss in the second quarter on $ 11.8 million of revenue , compared with a net loss of $ 12.9 million in the year-earlier period on revenue of $ 9.1 million . 
Mr. Wetherell , the underwriter , reckons half of his business could be transacted by computer , cutting costs at least 10 % . 
Many employees stayed home yesterday , but customer service was being maintained . 
In 1983 , Texas Air 's Continental Airlines filed for bankruptcy . 
And National Geographic 's smaller-than-average size means extra production costs for advertisers . 
Trinova , which had 34.2 million common shares outstanding Sept. 30 , had repurchased 29,700 shares since October 1987 before this latest announcement . 
Harley has said it does n't intend to be acquired by the Glazer group or any other party . 
The program trading situation seems to have driven individual investors as well as others out of the market , and even Europeans are suspicious . 
But the stock market , despite some stomach-churning declines , has far outperformed other securities over extended periods . 
The combination of so many chains available for sale , the recent failures of such retailing LBO 's as Miller & Rhoads Inc. and declining investor confidence will drive down prices , retailing observers said . 
Mining is likely to remain Trelleborg 's main business . 
`` When I made this investment , I made it on a lifetime basis , '' he explains . 
Judge O'Kicki , a stern and forbidding-looking man , has been a fixture in the local legal community for more than two decades . 
In Frankfurt , a Lufthansa spokesman confirmed talks are under way , but declined to comment . 
Revenue rose 21 % to $ 243.4 million from $ 201.2 million . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
Separately , a $ 400 million issue of Fannie Mae Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 15 classes by Bear , Stearns & Co . 
A strategic review is fundamentally different . 
Michigan -- $ 80 million of first general obligation bonds ( Series 1989 environmental protection program and recreation program ) , tentatively priced by a Shearson Lehman Hutton group to yield from 6 % for current interest bonds due 1990 to 7.25 % for convertible capital appreciation bonds . 
In October doctors were debating the product 's safety , some claiming it caused infections . 
Her Institute for Family and Work Relationships in La Jolla , Calif. , has noted a doubling in the number of couples seeking help the past two years . 
Mr. Marmalstein adds that his company is now holding some goods in anticipation of being paid in full . 
Caltrans spokesman Jim Drago in Sacramento declined to identify the engineering firm that did the reinforcement work . 
The environment can no longer be a normal issue , to be dealt with on a business-as-usual basis with comfortable increments of change . 
Of course that was n't the actual conversation the late anti-war activist , protest leader and founder of the Yippies ever had with his brother . 
`` That seems to be what all my friends are using to take the grandkids to the lake , '' she says . 
Mr. Garber manages to invest this tale of financial wars with the colorful characters and fast-paced action of a suspense novel . 
The president apparently will have only one bill to push , Sen. Packwood 's , and at least some of the dissident Democrats plan to support it . 
Any acquisition of Farmers needs the approval of insurance commissioners in the nine states where Farmers operates , and Mr. Bebear 's trip will take him to Idaho , Arizona and New York after his stay here ; he will meet with insurance regulators , legislators , industry excutives and the press . 
Campbell-Mithun also would be a sizable addition to an agency network : It has billings of about $ 850 million and blue-chip clients including General Mills , Jeep\/Eagle and Dow Brands . 
For most of the past nine years , he has striven to convince anti-abortion activists of his stalwart support for their position . 
`` Producers at the moment regard that area a good one in which to sell gold . '' 
Robert Pierce , chairman and chief executive of Foothills , said it 's too early to say whether Alaskan or Mackenzie delta gas would flow to market first . 
Saying this is a first for a Western company , West Germany 's largest mail-order group said the newly established Moscow-based Intermoda company is scheduled to begin operations in February 1990 . 
We must not shirk our responsibility and we can not just blame the demonstrators . '' 
The arrests capped a four-month investigation by the Internal Revenue Service , the U.S. Attorney 's office and a Security Pacific internal investigation team . 
The pound also dropped precipitously against the mark , falling below the key 2.90-mark level to 2.8956 marks from 2.9622 marks late Wednesday . 
Now along comes Stephen Jay Gould to dash this flattering illusion . 
Rigid ideological restrictions on property ownership should be abandoned . 
Also , the TW offering includes interest-deferred and pay-in-kind securities , which are currently unpopular . 
In Humphrey Bogart 's nightclub , Victor Laszlo leads Free French sympathizers in `` La Marseillaise '' to drown out the Nazis . 
It said it does n't anticipate any loss of principal on two of the loans , comprising $ 85 million of these credits . 
The Lockheed unit has 24,000 workers ; it expects to make the cuts through a combination of furloughs , attrition and retirements . 
Mr. Henning is a Chicago-based law firm management consultant and a writer . 
The offering is being made through BCI Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates , Series 1989-1 . 
The businessmen are introduced to potential agents and distributors and instructed in trade procedures . 
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia-Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom . 
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
Small-lot buying targeted at incentive-backed issues pushed up the Nikkei . 
While investigations into lawyer misconduct will remain secret , the public will be notified once a formal complaint is filed against an attorney . 
Net sank to $ 3.1 million , or eight cents a share , including $ 789,000 , or two cents a share , reflecting a tax-loss carry-forward . 
Mr. Belli , like many other personal-injury lawyers , suspects that the earthquake , which measured 6.9 on the Richter scale , will generate enough lawsuits to keep this city 's personal-injury and construction lawyers busy for quite some time . 
Titled `` Comments From Students , '' it focuses on the real shame of college sports : what happens to young athletes once they enter academe . 
A matching Eagleton-Newark Star Ledger poll last month showed a complete reversal . 
These complex products require close monitoring because each must be valued separately in light of current market conditions . 
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved . 
One was that , despite his 62 regular-season wins over the past three seasons in the Land Beyond the Late News , he has been overshadowed by his more-muscular mates and missed out on prizes that might have been his due . 
If the White House is looking for another unconstitutional bill , Rep. John Dingell is trying again to raise the Fairness Doctrine from the dead . 
In Toronto Stock Exchange trading , Bank of Montreal closed at C$ 33.25 , up 87.5 Canadian cents . 
In April 1986 , then-Vice President Bush had his staff write a letter spelling out that he would support a constitutional amendment banning abortions except in cases of rape , incest and life endangerment , but that he opposed federal funding in all but the latter case . 
Traders attributed the action in them largely to defensive positioning in a volatile market . 
Wells Fargo continued to generate one of the highest profit margins among major banks , minimizing a drop in net interest margin with 13 % third-quarter growth in high-yielding business loans and similar growth in mortgages . 
Sir Alan considers this an ill-advised and costly policy . 
Recruited from New York University 's MBA program , he rose within two years to head of production , overseeing such films as `` The Way We Were , '' `` Taxi Driver , '' `` Tommy '' and `` Shampoo . '' 
`` What I hope to bring to this is another word : process . 
Jackets may be sold next . 
The issue was oversubscribed and `` doing very well , '' according to an official with lead underwriter Morgan Stanley . 
However , when negotiations bogged down recently , WCRS 's chief executive , Peter Scott , met in Paris with another French firm , Boulet Dru Dupuy Petit , or BDDP . 
( Industrial output surged 21 % in 1988 , while inflation peaked last February at nearly 30 % . ) 
Each of the 1,075,000 warrants entitle the holders to purchase one share of Apogee common stock for $ 2.25 . 
Especially his neighbors , the major U.S. steelmakers . 
The merger should also allow the companies to reduce costs by combining operations in many locations in Puerto Rico . 
Payco American , a credit collection concern , jumped 1 3\/8 to 20 5\/8 on volume of 93,000 , and Mail Boxes Etc. , a private postal services company , advanced 1\/2 to 23 1\/2 on volume of 64,000 . 
TESTS ON 2,800-year-old mummies from Chile indicate ancient wood fires did n't produce dioxins or dibenzofurans , contradicting a theory the two pollutants today are coming from wood burning , General Electric Co. reports in Environmental Science & Technology magazine ... . 
But the government now claims that a group of company managers and lawyers engaged in an elaborate strategy over five years to obscure from federal authorities the extent and details of `` widespread '' fraudulent billing practices . 
The Arab League pledged an accord for a complete Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon , where about 70,000 people marched to the headquarters of Christian leader Aoun to support his rejection of a peace plan approved Sunday by Lebanon 's legislature . 
Last week , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce began using its national TV show to seek help , such as equipment , for business owners . 
I call her agent , David Dominici . 
Hasbro Inc. , the nation 's largest toy maker , reported third-quarter earnings increased 73 % from a year earlier on a 9.4 % sales gain , reflecting improved margins . 
In recent years , though , a passel of others flying the no-load flag have been imposing hefty charges -- all the way up to 6 % -- when an investor sells his shares . 
So here 's a rundown of the most common types of market orders permitted by the stock and commodity exchanges . 
Yesterday the company said it had filed a request with the Securities and Exchange Commission to withdraw the registration statement regarding the proposed swap . 
And that , they say , will be good for bonds . 
The Dow Jones industrials closed off 5.94 points , at 2653.28 . 
Perhaps even more offensive is the statement , `` It is surprising that George Bush and the White House inner circle would ally themselves with this crabby philosophy . '' 
The conversion increased total equity capital by about $ 38.5 million to a total of $ 156.8 million . 
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber . 
Though it is still doing stock-index arbitrage trades for customers , Morgan Stanley 's trading halt for its own account is likely to shake up firms such as Kidder , Peabody & Co. that still do such trades for their own account . 
Along the way , we 're introduced to the supporting cast : a blond bombshell secretary ( Randi Brazen -- her real name , honest ) , a scheming young boss ( Fredric Lehne ) , another blonde bombshell who 's also an idealistic lawyer ( Lindsay Frost ) , and a forensics expert ( Charles Siebert ) . 
Mr. Peterson also says he does n't consider himself a financial planner anymore . 
The unit 's first two offerings are slated to be `` The Secret Life of Ian Fleming , '' a dramatization about the former British spy who wrote the James Bond novels , and `` Treasure Island , '' produced by Charlton Heston , who also stars in the movie . 
The lucky ones gaze out at life with serene eyes and smile with a face of innocence at their perfumed happiness . 
At the same time , some sports events will move off `` free '' television and onto cable or pay-cable , where half the nation 's TV homes ca n't see them . 
One attraction for oil operators here and in other fields is the bargain-basement cost of drilling and equipment , reflecting service companies ' hunger for work . 
The energy of participating investors streamed into Tokyu Group shares , pushing prices of its companies up across the board . 
Beyond that , it has to compete with West Germany for a claim to the German identity . 
Factory owners are buying new machinery at a healthy rate this fall , machine-tool makers say . 
When they do hit , they hit fast , '' says David A. Wyss , chief financial economist at the Data Resources division of McGraw-Hill Inc . 
Both features appealed most to buyers under 45 . 
All the numbers were adjusted for normal seasonal variations in building activity . 
Previously , the July figure was estimated at a deficit of 613 million francs . 
Altogether , Macy and its subsidiaries own or lease 149 department stores and 61 specialty stores nationwide . 
`` Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg 's corn-based lines simply because they are made of oats , '' says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire . 
Of the self-starting vacuum cleaner , he says : `` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . '' 
But the New Environmentalists oppose private wealth creation ( which , they claim , depletes natural resources ) and nuclear power ( even though it would counteract the greenhouse effect ) . 
While the company has always been family-run , Mr. Brawer is n't the first person to marry into the family and subsequently head Maidenform . 
The bonds were won by a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group with a true interest cost of 7.17 % . 
The House approved an $ 837 million aid package for Poland and Hungary , nearly double what Bush had requested . 
Within the paper sector , Mead climbed 2 3\/8 to 38 3\/4 on 1.3 million shares , Union Camp rose 2 3\/4 to 37 3\/4 , Federal Paper Board added 1 3\/4 to 23 7\/8 , Bowater gained 1 1\/2 to 27 1\/2 , Stone Container rose 1 to 26 1\/8 and Temple-Inland jumped 3 3\/4 to 62 1\/4 . 
A one-time noncontract full-page advertisement in The Wall Street Journal national edition will cost $ 99,385 . 
The central bank has been helping , but apparently not especially eagerly . 
That also is n't easy . 
`` If they had this much trouble with Chicago & North Western , they are going to have an awful time with the rest . '' 
JAPAN 'S MISUSE of U.S. patents has been a sore point for American chip makers . 
`` Most American investors have just given up , '' Mr. Brody says . 
Revenue was $ 873.9 million , up 7.3 % from $ 814.8 million . 
The proposal values the company 's real estate operation at $ 2 billion . 
But they must also assign a price to each of these items as well as to floors , wallcoverings , roofing and siding , to come up with a total value for a house . 
The IRS offered no evidence of hidden sources of taxable income , so Judge Shields rejected its claims . 
Fundamental factors are at work as well . 
An NFL spokesman also says the league will probably expand its offerings to cable TV companies like ESPN . 
But Burns confesses in an interview : `` That 's not my handwriting . 
`` Norm Berry was a creative inspiration at the company , and nobody has filled that void , '' said Ms. Hill . 
`` From the beginning , it took a man with extraordinary qualities to succeed in Mexico , '' says Kimihide Takimura , president of Mitsui group 's Kensetsu Engineering Inc. unit . 
William Coors is their uncle . 
If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall , but want to continue owning stocks , they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts . 
Probing with the stimulators , National Institutes of Health scientists recently showed how the brain reorganizes motor-control resources after an amputation . 
But the pilots union , which has been pushing for a takeover since 1987 , appears to be pressing ahead with the revised bid to avoid further loss of momentum even though it has n't found a partner to replace British Air . 
Among other things , the bill calls for a reorganization of the Justice Department . 
`` Just imagine how exciting that would be if that 's your horse , '' he says . 
Those two groups have recently been leading the list of stocks setting new highs . 
The Fed 's stock market role ought not to be very ambitious . 
Warner says that what it really wants is for the producers to fulfill their contractual obligations , but the bitterness of this battle and the accusations flying on both sides make it unlikely that the decade-long relationship between Warner and its two most prolific producers can ever be repaired . 
For Eurocom , meanwhile , the move gives it a strong U.S. foothold in Della Femina , and more than quadruples the size of its ad agency business world-wide . 
Huge fire from broken gas main in the Marina in SF . 
Craig Torres and Anne Newman contributed to this article . 
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow . 
TransAtlantic Holdings PLC , a British-based , South African-controlled financial services investment group , and France 's Societe Centrale Union des Assurances de Paris reached an accord effectively reducing chances of an unfriendly takeover for Sun Life Assurance Society PLC . 
Moreover , sports has `` claimed its place '' as a guaranteed ratings-getter , says David J. Stern , the commissioner of the National Basketball Association . 
Throw in its railroad , minerals , pipeline and oil assets , he and others argued , and the Chicago-based conglomerate should be worth 30 a share . 
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments . 
Ignore the present condition . 
Phillips Petroleum 
But the firm has never had a day like yesterday . 
Top Japanese executives often make decisions based on consensus and personal relationships rather than complex financial projections and fancy presentations . 
In Japan , he 's known in racy weekly magazines as the `` King of Shady Money . '' 
Johnstown attorney Richard J. Green Jr. shelled out $ 500 in loans to the judge over five years , he said in testimony to the grand jury . 
U.S. Trust also created a four-member office of the chairman , effective Feb. 1 . 
Florida National said yesterday that it remains committed to the merger . 
`` Homeroom , '' a show about a black ad executive who gives up the boardroom for a fourth-grade classroom , is flunking the ratings test . 
She called her daughter to take her to the bank , who , in turn , persuaded her husband , a Mr. Loeb , to run this errand . 
But analysts say Sears faces an especially daunting challenge on the eve of the Christmas shopping season . 
By retreating to the apparent security of , say , money-market funds , investors may not be earning enough investment return to pay for a comfortable retirement . 
And they can further reduce the monthly amount if they start saving earlier -- when mother and child come home from the hospital . 
Because it 's impossible to gauge how long the walkout by 55,000 Machinists rank and file will last , the precise impact on Boeing 's sales , earnings , cash flow and short-term investment position could n't be determined . 
In the year earlier period , the New York parent of Republic National Bank had net income of $ 38.7 million , or $ 1.12 a share . 
The main issue in the strike at the Ohio facility was health-care benefits , Mr. Stein said . 
The House , meanwhile , approved $ 2.85 billion to aid in the recovery from the temblor and from Hurricane Hugo as state legislators moved toward a temporary sales-tax increase . 
Bell Atlantic added 148,000 new telephone lines in the quarter for a total of 16.9 million . 
Directors of Bergen Bank and Den Norske Creditbank , two of Norway 's leading banks , announced they had agreed to the formal merger of the banks . 
Justin Feldman and Jack Arseneault , attorneys for Mr. Antar , both declined to comment on the matter . 
Eventually we came to rest in a soggy patch of field where we had the exquisite pleasure of scrambling out of the basket into the mud while the French half of our ballooning tag team scrambled in . 
Both he and Mr. Lorenzo predicted that plan might be confirmed in January . 
But most economists doubt the streamlining would cut deeply into Conasupo government subsidy , which largely goes to reduce consumer prices for corn and milk . 
Many analysts expect Mr. Andersson , who owns 1.7 % of the company , to be named Trelleborg 's new chairman when Ernst Herslow steps down next year . 
Many Law School Grads Find Classes Never End 
Tuesday 's earthquake brought the San Francisco ad scene to a screeching halt yesterday , with only a few staffers showing up at their offices , mainly to survey the damage or to wring their hands about imminent new-business presentations . 
But though most of the 1,087 Federal pilots are believed opposed , it is unclear just how much their loyalty to Mr. Smith has been eroded . 
-- `` The pressure put on us to win at all times has resulted in physical violence , such as punching and slapping by coaches . 
But details on chips must now be extraordinarily fine , and the wavelengths of even ultraviolet light are long enough so that the images they draw may be too blurry -- much as someone using a wide paintbrush could produce a broad line but would have trouble painting a thin one . 
For 1988 , BellSouth earned $ 1.7 billion , or $ 3.51 a share , on revenue of $ 13.6 billion . 
Conservatives should take a position prior to the administration 's year-end deadline . 
The State Development Board set up a Hugo Hotline to accept business-to-business help . 
I myself took such courses in college , thinking I might end up a schoolteacher . 
With its ability to pick up rustlings and flapping wings , `` it was meant to be a toy for children for bird watching , '' says Mr. Appel . 
Stocks : Volume 198,120,000 shares . 
`` The upside was in the intangible real estate ... which is no longer an intangible . '' 
`` Most of us grew up believing in the axioms ` Haste makes waste ' and ` Do n't cut corners , ' ideas that seem to run counter to the concept of managing speed , '' says Dean Cassell , vice president for product integrity at Grumman Corp . 
Mr. Phillips also hopes to finally implement a reorganization announced earlier this year but put on hold by the WPP takeover . 
Lotus Development Corp. has slashed the lag between U.S. and Japan product introductions to six months from three years . 
For the Politburo replaced Mr. Honecker , who had led East Germany for 18 years and before that headed its security apparatus , with a man cut of the same cloth : Egon Krenz , the most recent internal-security chief and a longtime Honecker protege . 
Montgomery County , Maryland -- $ 75 million of general consolidated public improvement bonds of 1989 , Series B , via competitive bid . 
A spokeswoman adds , however , that the group is considering offering `` a behavior-modification course , similar to a smoking-cessation program , to teach people ways to stay with it . '' 
For each $ 1,000 of notes , the maker of specialty metals , industrial fasteners and consumer products will pay $ 1,026.46 plus $ 8.68 of interest accrued from Dec. 1 . 
But traders who watch the stocks warned the rise may be yet another `` one-day phenomenon . '' 
Partly because the 1987 market crash made it harder for them to find financing , many high-technology concerns have made such alliances recently . 
Suddenly , on television , in advertisements and on their cereal boxes , Americans were inundated with news about the obscure seed . 
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.46 billion . 
One option the board is likely to consider today is some sort of cooling-off period . 
They then addressed the decidedly `` questionable safety of ... a complex garden of endless hiding places . 
John Barry Ventura , Calif . 
Under current copyright laws , it is considered `` fair use '' to reproduce copyrighted material for one 's personal use or for use by one 's family or friends , while copying for purposes of resale or profit is prohibited . 
Reasons for the collapse of the Nimitz Freeway were sketchy yesterday . 
Mr. Cremonie 's firm once held about 4.8 % of H&R Block . 
But that was not to be . 
A search party soon found the unscathed aircraft in a forest clearing much too small to have allowed a conventional landing . 
The move , budgeted at about $ 7 million , actually came in at about $ 10 million , he said . 
The economy , he noted , moves the market , not vice versa . 
The $ 40-a-share proposal values the company at about $ 106.6 million . 
About 1,100 Chinese were awaiting repatriation yesterday . 
Carnival , for example , has already paid about $ 160 million of the total cost for Fantasy . 
One award is part of a Department of Defense contract to Loral Rolm Mil-Spec Computers and could be valued at more than $ 100 million over five years . 
For harried public-land managers across the nation , the response is increasingly to shut the gates . 
Alter some details of this example and it could be taking place today at Federal Express in Memphis , the Defense and Underseas Systems divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis , a General Electric plant in Columbia , Md. , or a number of other companies . 
Such an assertion most likely would bring about a court challenge from Congress that would clarify whether a president already has such power . 
-- Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows . 
When he gets calls , `` I do n't even have to consult '' with Mrs. Coleman , Mr. Masket says . 
The union has demanded a 37.6 % increase in the minimum wage while De Beers 's final offer was an increase of 17 % . 
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again . 
Some analysts said the restructuring of the railroad concern 's issue shows how tough it is for underwriters to sell even the junk bonds of a company considered to be a relatively good credit risk . 
In a report out last week , John Minna and colleagues at the National Cancer Institute say that about half the cells taken from lung cancer tissue they tested are missing this gene . 
Although accountants are n't noted as `` being deeply emotional , they really hold it all in , '' said Mr. Burton , former chief accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
BEING A TRAVEL agent used to be pretty glamorous . 
Mr. Noriega was accused of ordering in 1985 the beheading of Hugo Spadafora , his most outspoken political opponent and the first man to publicly finger Mr. Noriega on drug trafficking charges . 
Fear of alienating that judge is pervasive , says Maurice Geiger , founder and director of the Rural Justice Center in Montpelier , Vt. , a public interest group that researches rural justice issues . 
On the allegation of kidnapping , Judge Keenan wrote , `` The suggestion that Mrs. Marcos was brought to this country against her will is unsupported by affidavit or affirmation . '' 
Given the prelude 's thematic connections with the music preceding the last act , the idea is more worn than bad , though as luck would have it , for a change there actually was a conductor in the pit whom we wanted to hear , Carlos Kleiber , trying to make memorable music while we all waited for the bed lump to stir into song . 
For the past two years , he said , he and the exchange 's research department have been working on the new natural gas contract , seeking a good delivery site and studying the natural gas market . 
However , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , Bethlehem `` had pretty good earnings numbers , '' said Michelle Galanter Applebaum , an analyst with Salomon Brothers Inc . 
A former curator of the Museum of Cartoon Art in Rye Brook , N.Y. , pleaded guilty in July to stealing and selling original signed and dated comic strips , among them 29 Dick Tracy strips by Chester Gould , 77 Prince Valiant Sunday cartoons by Hal Foster , and a dozen Walt Disney animation celluloids , according to Barbara Hammond , the museum 's director . 
According to available details , yields range from 8.70 % , a spread of 80 basis points over three-year Treasury securities , to 10.37 % , a spread of 230 basis points over 20-year Treasurys . 
Selling the FHA 's loan portfolio to the highest bidder would save the taxpayers untold billions in future losses . 
Akzo is the leading seller of birth-control pills in Europe but is still seeking regulatory approvals to enter that market in the U.S. and Japan . 
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while . 
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto . 
`` If there 's an emergency and there are n't sufficient funds from elsewhere , I think the attitude will be supportive , '' said Kirk West , president of the California Chamber of Commerce . 
Aug. 6 , 1987 : 
`` It 's a baptism of fire for Corry , '' says one USX executive . 
For all historians and most journalists , this admission would have been sufficient to condemn the Malcolm articles . 
First Interstate said its operations outside of Arizona `` achieved results as expected for the quarter , '' but did n't specify the results . 
Mr. Gaubert 's lawyer , Abbe David Lowell of Washington , D.C. , says the impact of the ruling on other cases involving thrift takeovers will depend on the degree of similarity in the facts . 
Exchange officials extended trading hours , 75 minutes on Monday and 65 minutes on Tuesday , to clear up order backlogs . 
Mr. Marcus believes spot steel prices will continue to fall through early 1990 and then reverse themselves . 
Industry observers expect a wide divergence in performance . 
`` The paper reflected the truth . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year rose fractionally . 
In 1987 , KKR for the second time piled debt onto Storer 's TV stations , selling them for $ 1.3 billion to a new entity that was 45%-owned by KKR and 55%-owned by Gillett Corp. , which now operates the SCI TV stations . 
In August , Asarco , through its Lac d'Amiante du Quebec subsidiary , sold its remaining one-third interest in an asbestos mining limited partnership in Canada for $ 11.7 million . 
The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure , which busies itself piling more and more paper work on the teachers . 
In response to BellSouth 's amended pact , the Kirkland , Wash. , company extended its own offer to buy 22 million LIN shares for $ 125 apiece , which would give McCaw a 50.3 % controlling interest . 
`` The shareholders effectively will support the share price by clearing the share buy-back . '' 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 , and the bill gives the Department of Housing and Urban Development new authority to facilitate the refinancing of subsidized loans for low-income homeowners . 
Amid charges of `` timidity '' on Panama and elsewhere , the president was n't about to offend his most energetic constituency . 
It also marks a `` major commitment to { real estate } development , which we have n't been involved with before , '' said Dale Hanson , the fund 's executive director . 
Last year , the Irish airport authority , in a joint venture with Aeroflot , opened four hard-currency duty-free shops at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo Airport . 
The company 's decision was made after First Hospital failed to obtain financing for its offer . 
`` Graham Phillips has been there a long time , knows the culture well , is aggressive , and apparently gets along well with '' Mr. Sorrell , said Andrew Wallach , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert . 
Amstrad 's profit after taxes fell a similarly steep 51 % , to # 51.1 million from # 105 million a year earlier . 
CD yields are generally expected to fall further in coming weeks . 
The Western government report 's first scenario assumes a 30 % reduction in foreign borrowing and a 5 % contraction in foreign direct investment . 
Seasonal Stackup 
Unocal said it expects to complete the sale of its Unocal Norge A\/S unit by next March or April . 
The damage was so bad at Fossett Corp. , an options trading firm here , that it was forced to transfer its accounts to First Options of Chicago , a unit of Continental Bank Corp. , as a result of options trading losses . 
The agreement is subject to certain conditions , including obtaining financing . 
He had been vice president in that office . 
Interface Systems Inc. , Ann Arbor , Mich. , said it will report net income for the fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 fell to $ 470,000 , or 11 cents a share , from $ 805,000 , or 19 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Despite the criticism , Philip Morris 's corporate campaign runs little risk of getting yanked off the tube . 
Results were also bolstered by `` a very meaningful increase in operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. business , '' he said . 
Sales rose 9.7 % to $ 351.5 million from $ 320.4 million . 
`` The intimate apparel industry is perceived to be a growth industry and clearly { Maidenform } is a force to be reckoned with , '' says David S. Leibowitz , a special situations analyst at American Securities Corp. in New York . 
They said the agreement will be submitted to their respective supervisory boards next Wednesday . 
The recession , that is . 
Like the others , it is loaded with rye , wheat and oats in sacks labeled `` Asbestos . Made in U.S.S.R . '' 
Yesterday , the number grew to 40 ; today the number is expected to grow to 100 . 
The Ashland , Ky. , oil company reported a $ 38 million charge resulting from settlement of a 10-year dispute with the National Iranian Oil Co. over claims that Ashland did n't pay for Iranian crude it had received . 
Mr. Allday would succeed Martha Hesse , who is resigning . 
Another is expected from a consortium of oil and gas producers who won conditional approval this month from Canada 's National Energy Board to export about 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta gas to the U.S. starting in 1996 . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 2.09 , to 454.86 . 
( There are seven major languages and more than 70 dialects in the country . ) 
The machine is part of an effort by Mips to establish itself as a supplier of computers , not just of integrated-circuit technology . 
That 's because quota-trained managers will likely respond better to quantity than to price signals . 
Two other firms , Ovonic Imaging Systems Inc. of Troy , Mich. , and Magnascreen Corp. of Pittsburgh are developing a variation of the flat-panel screens called active-matrix liquid crystal displays . 
These movements were offset , however , by a steep rise in corporate income tax payments to 199 million francs from 35 million in the first six months of 1988 . 
The unit represents a small portion of Minneapolis-based Control Data 's overall computer-servicing business , which last year posted sales of about $ 400 million . 
In addition , power failures prevented its package-sorting facilities from operating , causing delays . 
In March , American Medical received a $ 24-a-share offer to take the company private from an investor group including large holder M. Lee Pearce . 
The bank employs 8,000 people in Spain and 2,000 abroad . 
The level of interest in the RTC 's properties has been greater than expected , and has come from larger companies than initially anticipated , says Stan Ross , Leventhal 's co-managing partner . 
The Merc said that as part of the disciplinary settlement , neither man admitted , nor denied the alleged violations . 
Testifying before a panel of the House Banking Committee , Mr. Greenspan said the short-term value of the dollar on foreign-exchange markets is n't the primary policy focus of the central bank . 
Warner Communications Inc. and Sony Corp. resumed settlement talks on their legal battle over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters , but continued to level strong accusations at each other in legal documents . 
a - Monthly construction contract values are reported on an annualized , seasonally adjusted basis . 
The benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 102 3\/32 , compared with 101 17\/32 Friday . 
The circuit breakers caused a 30-minute shutdown in trading in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index futures contract as the markets were falling . 
Phil Harms , a software engineer , was an eager customer . 
In England , Martin Leach , a spokesman for Lloyd 's of London , said the insurance market has n't yet been able to estimate the total potential claims from the disaster . 
The second part , consisting of $ 100 million of senior subordinated floating-rate notes , was priced at 99 3\/4 to float 4.25 % above the three-month London interbank offered rate . 
The efforts to get to the people who are addicted , try to rehabilitate them ; if they can not be rehabilitated , at least to contain them ; to educate people , to strongly discourage use of drugs by people who are casual users and first users , to stop this process among the young -- all of these things I think are extremely important . 
`` There is no question that investor confidence ( in the stock market ) is critical . '' 
Until recently , a farmer with no heir had to will the state his land to collect his pension . 
Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the lead sponsor of the GOP proposal , said he intends to unveil the plan today and to offer it as an amendment to whatever legislation comes along , particularly this month 's bill to raise the federal borrowing limit . 
Mr. Craven is widely credited with refocusing Morgan Grenfell 's energies on its core corporate finance , fund management and banking activities over the past year . 
That could widen the yield spread between Treasurys and asset-backed securities , as well as make it tougher to unload the latter . 
Complex cases , such as antitrust suits and many business disputes , would receive intense supervision by federal judges to keep pretrial proceedings moving . 
Almost all capital-improvement programs announced by major steelmakers within the past year involve building electrogalvanizing lines , used to produce steel for such products as household appliances and car doors . 
Candid Comment 
The appeals-court decision last year was particularly surprising because the same court had dismissed a similar case in 1970 involving singer Nancy Sinatra and a tire ad -- also a Young & Rubicam product . 
That may be because Mr. Gargan , smarting at what he considered slurs on his membership standards made by the rival group , enrolled his dog , Beauregard , as a member of the IAFP . 
Ogilvy & Mather 's top creative executive , Norman Berry , left the agency earlier this year . 
Currently , Boeing has a backlog of about $ 80 billion , but production has been slowed by a strike of 55,000 machinists , which entered its 22nd day today . 
There are also $ 29 million of 6 3\/4 % certificates due 2019 , priced to yield 7.10 % . 
`` What seem to be interpreted as great conflicts are relatively minor issues of tactics , '' he said . 
to help some scavengers or schemers , or help corporate America ? '' 
The action abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts to fund the payments , but is widely seen as a more realistic means of expediting reparations first authorized in 1988 . 
Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , whose $ 275-a-share offer was rejected by UAL 's board , has n't shown signs of pursuing a $ 300-a-share back-up bid he made last month . 
The champion apparently was not worried at all about D.T. 's strong points . 
They are supposed to play the game next Tuesday , in Candlestick Park here . 
Investors `` are buying stocks that have predictable earnings , '' said Edward J. Laux , head of block trading at Kidder Peabody . 
The stock market correction of Oct. 13 , 1989 , was a grim reminder of the Oct. 19 , 1987 market collapse . 
AB Bofors , a unit of Nobel Industries Sweden AB , enters into a $ 1.4 billion contract with India 's Defense Ministry to supply 400 Bofors FH-77B 155-mm field howitzer guns . 
In addition , despite IBM 's well-publicized recent problems , the computer giant still generates enormous amounts of cash . 
Yvon Bussieres was named senior executive vice president and chief operating officer of Provigo , a new position . 
Sales : $ 8.98 billion 
Pinnacle West Capital , which suspended its common-stock dividend indefinitely and reported a 91 % decline in third-quarter earnings , fell 5\/8 to 11 3\/8 . 
With uncertainty still hanging over interest rates and the dollar , the market failed to find a focus that might lead to further investor commitments , they said . 
As the market tumbled , disorderly market conditions prevailed : The margins between buying bids and selling bids widened ; trading in many stocks was suspended ; orders took unduly long to be executed ; and many specialists stopped trading altogether . 
That should help IBM address the damage that a resurgent Storage Technology Corp. has inflicted in that market . 
His favorites are American Barrick Resources Corp. , Echo Bay Mines Ltd. and Coeur d'Alene Mines Corp . 
By some estimates , several grain companies combined bought contracts for the possession of roughly one million metric tons of corn . 
United Illuminating said the preferred holders total package would equal about 60 % of their claims . 
Tokyu Corp. was up 150 at 2890 . 
Late yesterday in New York , the dollar rose to 142.75 yen from 141.80 yen Monday , but fell to 1.8667 marks from 1.8685 marks . 
It was reported stolen in transit en route to Washington , D.C. , in February . 
It also awarded $ 196,785 in back bonuses to former trader Michael Newcomb and $ 69,105 in fees to the two men 's attorneys . 
Nearly half of the respondents ( 47 % ) said their investment portfolio was worth $ 250,000 or more , and 17 % said it was worth $ 1 million or more . 
Nikon Corp. said unconsolidated pretax profit increased 70 % to 12.12 billion yen ( $ 85.3 million ) in the first half ended Sept. 30 , from 7.12 billion yen a year ago . 
Daniel James President Mexico-United States Institute 
The U.S. discovered the young Tony Noriega in late 1959 , when he was in his second year at the Chorrillos Military Academy in Lima , according to former U.S. intelligence officials . 
Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks , and many houses and storefronts are empty . 
This fatuous statement was not taken seriously when enacted in 1972 , and should not now be confused with the operative provisions of the statute . 
Financial printer Bowne & Co. said it formed a business translation service , which will provide legal , financial and other services in most major languages , including Japanese , Chinese and Russian . 
Mr. Fedders is philosophical about his travails . 
Decent life in the inner cities wo n't be restored unless the government reclaims the streets from the drug gangs . 
Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by flat or negative industrial growth , rising unemployment and a widening budget deficit . 
Instead of being just an ad agency , he said : `` We have redefined our mission here . 
When Roger Birnbaum , an executive who worked for Guber Peters in the early 1980s , left to take a job as head of production at the United Artists studio , they made him forfeit all credits and financial interest in the films he had helped develop , including `` Rainman '' and `` Batman . '' 
She and some friends are considering offering earthquake victims free yoga classes and `` aroma therapy '' -- massages with scented oils . 
But the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court held that federal law did n't pre-empt the states from such a prosecution . 
As Mr. Dougherty says , `` The last thing they need is enormous disruption at the top ... and Graham is obviously a long-term member of the Ogilvy Mafia , as we call it . '' 
With less capital coming in , China 's balance of payments would suffer . 
Joseph Jr. runs Coors Ceramics Co. , the other operating unit , which had about $ 150 million in 1988 sales . 
Among the most upbeat was BT Brokerage ( Asia ) Ltd . 
The bank 's Third World debt portfolio totals $ 560 million , down from $ 2.2 billion at the end of 1986 . 
Outokumpu is a mining , trading and construction concern . 
Since local benefit-seeking matters more and national policy making matters less in the lower chamber of Congress , this is precisely the pattern one would expect if Republicans are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their Democratic counterparts . 
Castle Harlan and Quantum said the plan is expected to be filed within 60 days with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Pittsburgh . 
On the Chicago Board of Trade , soybeans for November delivery closed at $ 5.63 a bushel , down half a cent , while the December wheat contract rose three-quarters of a cent to $ 4.0775 a bushel . 
Nelson Bunker Hunt 's attempted corner on silver a decade ago is still haunting the market in this metal . 
Diane Seaman , an NBC-TV vice president , says NBC has been able to charge premium rates for this ad time . 
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk . 
With the new service , American will fly 161 flights a week to 17 European cities . 
Both Saatchi & Saatchi , which announced its intention to sell off most of its consulting business in June , and Cleveland Consulting declined to comment on the proposed sale . 
John M. McNamara , chief financial officer of Milton Roy , said the company has no comment on Crane 's filing . 
Opponents do n't buy such arguments . 
After-the-fact judicial examination of an actor 's conduct has always been the common law 's method . 
Home delivery is the fastest growing segment of the Times 's 1.1 million daily circulation . 
The Continental markets alone contribute about 14.3 % of estimated world market capitalization of $ 9.671 trillion . 
`` I could n't afford to hire 16 whites . 
The attorney general 's office in Connecticut alone has put seven of them out of business over the past couple of years , and the enforcement drive is continuing there and elsewhere . 
The company deliberately understaffs , stretching employees ' schedules to the limit . 
She 'll think of an idea the editorial people think is impossible , then she 'll have us make it work . '' 
Pfizer posted its largest gains in healthcare sales , up 3 % , and consumer products , up 23 % . 
The increased demand would normalize trading and stabilize prices . 
Consider a $ 500 million offering of 9 % securities issued last spring and backed by Citibank credit-card receivables . 
Mr. Hahn said Georgia-Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings . 
Shortly after buying 66 % of the team from H.R. `` Bum '' Bright for $ 145 million , and mindful of the Cowboys ' ragged bottom line , the 47-year-old Mr. Jones set about his own round of team cuts . 
Unocal Corp. 's decision to put its Norwegian oil and gas interests up for sale earlier this week is another step in the company 's strategic review of its properties , and shows that few of them are sacred cows . 
In 1988 , Kidder eked out a $ 46 million profit , mainly because of severe cost cutting . 
Manufacturers Hanover 
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored . 
Swedish Export Credit Corp. -- # 100 million of 12 % bonds due June 15 , 1994 , priced at 101 5\/8 to yield 12.39 % annually less full fees , via Samuel Montagu & Co . 
The deal has , as one takeover expert puts it , `` so many moving parts . 
He could do more to cut public subsidies and transfers , thus making funds available for public services starved of money for six years . 
The Oneida , N.Y. , maker of consumer , food-service and industrial products also declared a quarterly cash dividend of 12 cents a share , with the same payable and record dates . 
But the new pact will force huge debt on the new firm and could still fail to thwart rival suitor McCaw Cellular . 
Researchers began using the drug in February on patients who had received kidney , liver , heart and pancreas transplants . 
A merchant bank and investment fund have agreed to co-sponsor a reorganization plan to bring Sharon Steel Corp. out of Chapter 11 proceedings and to acquire the company 's steel-related assets in a transaction valued at more than $ 300 million . 
This is not the case . 
Egon Krenz , the man tapped yesterday to become East Germany 's new leader , faces the same task that has fallen to neighboring socialist colleagues : reforming a country in crisis . 
Raymond Chandler , in a 1950 letter defending a weak Hemingway book , likened a champion writer to a baseball pitcher . 
The case of Rosa Parks , the black woman who refused to sit at the back of the bus , comes to mind as an illustration . 
Yellow pages advertising sales rose 11.8 % to $ 41.2 million . 
The companies block traffic much as highway on-ramps are blocked when traffic backs up . 
It also charges that Imperial , the holding company for Imperial Savings & Loan , experienced major losses and writedowns because of improper assessment of the risks of junk-bond investments and wholesale consumer loan packages . 
Fluor Corp. said it was awarded a $ 300 million contract to provide engineering and construction-management services at a copper mine in Irian Jaya , Indonesia , for a unit of Freeport-McMoRan Copper Co . 
Both Citicorp and Manufacturers Hanover reported earnings yesterday . 
Block 's tax-preparation business is mature , they say , and some of its diversifications are facing tough competition . 
AT&T assembled three of its top executives in Washington , all visibly angry , to try to refute MCI 's charges . 
`` I think it 's to Fox 's advantage to be associated with the Paramount-MCA venture , '' said Michael Conway , station manager of WTXF , the TVX station that is a Fox affiliate . 
Furukawa said the U.S. market is strengthening as related computer technology gains in sophistication and quality . 
Groups representing some independent auto-repair shops join a compromise on the Clean Air legislation worked out between environmentalists and Rep. Henry Waxman ( D. , Calif . ) . 
Still , Mr. Carew thinks he can reach a good chunk of the three million-plus black homes he needs by mailing to the almost 10,000 blacks who form what he calls `` the grapevine . '' 
These are not the actions of a development agency wed to central planning and to the concentration of investment decisions in the hands of government , as Mr. Roberts alleges . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.43 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note held at 1.42 percentage points . 
At least , that 's a theme emerging among many money managers who are anxious both to preserve the handsome stock-market gains they have already achieved this year and to catch the next wave of above-average performers . 
Luxurious homes and ranches have been raided by the military authorities , and sophisticated and powerful communications equipment have been seized . 
Even Mao Tse-tung 's China began in 1949 with a partnership between the communists and a number of smaller , non-communist parties . 
Nissan , Japan 's second-largest auto maker and the world 's fourth-largest , was getting beat up not only by its bigger rival , Toyota Motor Corp. , but also by Honda Motor Co. , the most successful Japanese car company in the U.S. but a relative pipsqueak in Japan . 
Well , notes IRS private ruling 8934014 , `` a fundamental principle '' is that income must be taxed to whoever earns it . 
VISUALIZING BLOOD vessels without poking catheters into the body may come out of research at AT&T Bell Laboratories . 
Prices this week will likely be dominated by reports on the progress of the corn and soybean harvest as well as by speculation about more purchases of U.S. crops by the Soviet Union . 
Now the Mirage and Circus Circus Enterprises Inc. 's $ 290 million Excalibur are going up . 
Now the wildlife refuge has been closed to the industry , possibly for years . 
Canada 's trade surplus with all countries narrowed to C$ 203.5 million in August from C$ 528.3 million in July , Statistics Canada said . 
For these workers at the bottom of the mine 's pay scale , this is usually enough to overcome the temptation to steal -- a crime that could earn them up to 15 years in jail . 
According to the report , completed last month , if China 's trade gap continues to widen at the pace seen in the first seven months of this year , the reserves would be wiped out either in 1990 or 1991 . 
`` One can hardly overemphasize the importance of her rear end , '' Ms. Rose writes . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
He added that federal agents hope to recover at least half that amount . 
Though Lloyd 's has talked for years about computerizing underwriting transactions , the effort has n't gotten very far . 
Gary Ciminero , economist at Fleet\/Norstar Financial Group , Providence , R.I. , expects the deflator to rise 3.7 % , well below the second quarter 's 4.6 % , partly because of what he believes will be temporarily better price behavior . 
However , the Treasury said it will postpone the auction unless it has assurances of enactment of legislation to raise the statutory debt limit before the scheduled auction date . 
Already , ruling Liberal Democratic Party demands that opposition members testify under oath in parliament have stalled one budget committee session and forced the committee to plan a special two-day investigation at the end of the month . 
Why should they have to co-exist with opportunists rushing in to turn a quick profit ? 
Parametric Technology Corp. , initial public offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which 1,365,226 will be offered by the company and 334,774 will be offered by holders , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. , Hambrecht & Quist Inc. and Wessels , Arnold & Henderson . 
Those allies included Politburo members Guenter Mittag , who has long headed economic affairs , and Joachim Hermann , chief of information policy . 
Chimanbhai Mehta , a parliamentarian and former Gandhi ally , predicts Congress ( I ) will win only 150 seats , a quarter of the house , if the opposition fields single candidates in 80 % of the races . 
A more blue-collar panel became a second aim . 
Mr. Genscher and U.S. Secretary of Commerce Robert A. Mosbacher , in separate speeches at the conference , appealed for more Western contributions to economic reforms and business development in Hungary and Poland . 
But we are , in reality , witnessing the continuing decline of the political economy of capitalism : not so much the end of history but the history of the end . 
Too bad theory fails in practice . 
The December contract settled at 73.97 cents a pound , up 0.59 cent , but it rose as high as 74.20 cents . 
Then , as an additional precaution , the car dealership took the judge 's photograph as he stood next to his new car with sales papers in hand -- proof that he had received the loan documents . 
But I still think the fundamentals are poor , '' said Denise Gilbert , an analyst with Montgomery Securities in San Francisco . 
Trinova third-quarter loss after a charge for a planned restructuring , which will include the closing or downsizing of about 25 % of its plants and a work force cut of about 1,500 over three years . 
The dollar gained . 
Under the agreement , BanPonce stockholders will be able to exchange each of their shares for either shares in the new entity or cash . 
The state can also bar Drexel as an investment adviser . 
Medicine in the 19th century was dedicated mostly to combating sepsis and diagnostic analysis . 
You never know where she 'll turn up . '' 
Mr. Cunin , 65 years old , was chief executive of the distributor of bearings and power-transmission products from 1982 to 1988 . 
But the new lens became the eye of a storm . 
If they were really getting insurance against environmental disaster , the price would be cheap . 
Far from being minimalist , the music unabatingly torments us with apparent novelties not so cleverly disguised in the simplicities of 4\/4 time , octave intervals , and ragtime or gospel chord progressions . 
But if the Japanese return in force , their financial might could compensate to some extent for local investors ' waning commitment . 
Move over , pornographic phone services : A legal service with a `` 900 '' number has been launched in California . 
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies . 
`` We want people to think of Lake View as an historical park and educational experience ... . 
PNC Financial Corp. , the parent of Pittsburgh National Bank , reported net income climbed 9.8 % , while net for Banc One Corp. of Columbus , Ohio , grew 3.8 % . 
Lawyers at such firms as Sullivan & Cromwell ; Willkie Farr & Gallagher ; Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz ; and Fried , Frank , Harris , Shriver & Jacobson all say they , too , have experienced a significant slowdown , particularly during the past few weeks . 
The uncertainty was multiplied by the persistent strength of the dollar , traders said , and by the U.S. trade deficit , which widened by 31 % in August from the previous month . 
Yet their best boast is that they produce 32 % of Polish pork . 
`` The women wanted photo albums , a certain brooch , kind of sentimental things . '' 
Not mentioned were the 50,000 people rendered homeless , and the more than 200,000 out of work for an indeterminable period ; the $ 1 billion-plus in losses to homes and personal property on the barrier islands ; the near - and long-term impact on the state 's largest industry , tourism , not to mention the human suffering . 
That 's because computers do most of the work , and low trading activity keeps a lid on commission costs . 
Under the agreement , Prospect is permitted to increase its stake in Recognition to 30 % . 
Earlier this month , IMA said it had received about $ 1 billion of senior debt financing from Chemical Bank and six other banks ; Chemical Bank said it was `` highly confident '' it could arrange the balance of about $ 509 million . 
This is particularly good news for those who hate risk , who are incapable of doing extensive amounts of planning and who refuse to see their life styles hurt in any way . 
In an international buying spree that began barely two years ago , Mr. Paul amassed a collection of about 30 pre-18th-century works , including the Preti , at a total cost of $ 28 million . 
The difference between the price and the face value payable at maturity is the investor 's return . 
Even without a specific takeover threat , Courtaulds is giving shareholders `` choice and value , '' said Julia Blake , an analyst at London stockbrokers Barclays de Zoete Wedd . 
Borden sells considerably more whole milk than reduced-fat milks in southern and Hispanic markets , he says . 
Most of San Francisco 's tourists and business travelers already have left -- despite hotel 's offers of rate cuts . 
Amdura , a Denver hardware and automotive distributor , said the new credit agreement will provide the working capital needed to meet ongoing requirements . 
Even some takeover-stock traders said they could n't quarrel with the board 's logic . 
In the 1988 quarter , the Phoenix , Ariz. , commercial banking concern earned $ 18.7 million . 
A broker may have to approach as many as 20 underwriters who insure the endeavors on behalf of the syndicates . 
Bradford Crowe , director of the mayor 's City Economic Development Office , says : `` There is no question that Vermont-Slauson had a halo effect on the surrounding neighborhood . 
At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . 
DARMAN'S MANEUVERS on the budget and capital gains hurt him in Congress . 
He declined to name the shareholder , the plaintiff 's lawyer or the court where the lawsuit was filed . 
In August , personal income rose 0.3 % and spending grew 0.9 % . 
Essentially , he ca n't make any hostile moves unless he makes a tender offer at least $ 300 a share . 
Buying was scattered across a wide range of issues , making the session fairly characterless , traders said . 
The summer crop is harvested , winter sowing has yet to begin . 
In Mr. Luzon 's first year , the bank eliminated 800 jobs . 
Texaco , like many other oil companies , has been struggling to replace its falling oil and gas reserves . 
The Canadian government introduced in the House of Commons legislation to extend federal regulatory authority over provincial government-owned telephone utilities in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba . 
They then began donating blood twice a week , receiving an EPO injection each time . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
Depending on the type of software and peripherals used , the machines can serve either as the main computer in a network of many terminals ( a role usually filled by a minicomputer ) , as a technical workstation or as a very fast personal computer . 
General Motors earlier this year said it would n't deliver bulk mail or free magazines in its Flint , Mich. , office , while Air Products & Chemicals , Allentown , Pa. , says it screens junk mail and often throws out most of a given mass mailing . 
Adding to Mr. Paul 's problems , dealers ( some with vested interests ) insist that he , relying rather too heavily on Sotheby 's advice , paid much too much for several pieces in the CenTrust collection . 
`` But it 'll sure make you poorer . '' 
`` The reason this is getting so much visibility is that some started shipping and announced early availability , '' said Hewlett-Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . 
Some jumbos posted fractional changes in average yields this week , both up and down . 
For instance , some analysts believe bond returns and volatility have moved permanently closer to those of the stock market . 
Like many sports buffs , Mr. Engelken has turned cynic . 
Costa Rica had been negotiating with the U.S. and other banks for three years , but the debt plan was rushed to completion in order to be announced at the meeting . 
But HomeFed said it purposely curbed loan originations in the quarter because of uncertainty over the new capital requirements and regulations that will emerge from negotiations over implementing the government 's massive thrift bailout bill . 
Our ability to influence the outcome of events in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union is far more marginal . 
`` He says he ` stole them , ' '' recalls Mr. Guterman . 
The official said he also would be comfortable with that new range . 
Failure to check rising medical costs ultimately could `` lead some of us who today are free-market advocates to re-examine our thinking and positions with respect to government-sponsored national health insurance , '' Arthur Puccini , a General Electric Co. vice president , warned earlier this year . 
One of the most remarkable features of the forced marches of the ethnic Turks out of Bulgaria over the past five months has been the lack of international attention . 
Investors expect SunGard Data Systems , a company that provides disaster recovery services for computer-dependent businesses , to profit from the earthquake . 
The Bush administration ought to be setting aside some of its buckshot for the non-duck ducks . 
A final opinion must be approved prior to the acceptance of tendered shares for payment under the offer , which was due to expire at 12:01 a.m. EDT today . 
The agency , with about $ 35 million in billings , will be dissolved , with some of its staffers absorbed by WCRS 's Della Femina McNamee unit in Boston , Ms. Heller said . 
It even directed newspapers not to publish anything that might stain the honor of the Turkish sultan 's wives . 
His base in South Jersey and on the House Energy and Commerce Committee helped him sustain a network of political-action committees to preserve his edge . 
A year earlier , CMS posted profit of $ 1.1 million , or 13 cents a share , on sales of $ 48 million . 
Four Democrats on the House Banking Committee sent President Bush a letter stating their concerns about the expected appointment of James Simmons , an Arizona banker and former fund-raiser for Mr. Bush , to the Oversight Board of the Resolution Trust Corp . 
During Winter Carnival week , for example , visitors at Sunday River in Maine can take a hot-air balloon ride . 
There is evidence that if people inherit defective versions of these genes , they are especially prone to cancer , perhaps explaining , finally , why some cancers seem to haunt certain families . 
He suggests investors think about buying cyclical shares in the weeks ahead , as well as growth issues . 
First , a pop quiz . 
Yesterday , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Golden Nugget common closed at $ 28.25 , up $ 2 . 
So the results , while not news , are n't exactly theater either , at least not good theater . 
The suit , he adds , `` is almost in the nature of a vendetta by a handful of disgruntled people . '' 
Jay Stevens , an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds , said he expected the Sunnyvale , Calif. , company to earn 35 cents a share for the quarter and said the firm 's weaker profit was partly the result of increased competition from International Business Machines Corp. , Amdahl 's principal competitor for mainframe sales . 
Mitsubishi Estate is one of the dozens of companies in today 's Mitsubishi group . 
He listens impassively . 
Those employees are suspected of illegally gaining an estimated $ 376.8 million , the prosecutor was quoted as saying by the Excelsior news service . 
Great Northern 's stock soared $ 20.125 , to $ 62.875 , on speculation that a higher bid would emerge . 
Most analysts think there 's little prospect the Contras can be a significant fighting force without U.S. arms , and after the February election their future in any form will be murky at best . 
It also plans to add suits cut for athletic men with broader upper bodies . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered by Prudential-Bache Capital Funding Inc . 
Greg Confair , president of Sigma Financial Inc. in Allentown , Pa. , also recommends that investors go heavily for cash . 
Under the terms of the accord , Ingersoll will pay about $ 255 million for the Register , a daily that Goodson bought for about $ 170 million in 1986 . 
If no margin agreed , there is a fallback rate of Libor plus 0.75 point in years one to 15 , and Libor plus 1.25 point thereafter . 
The sums awarded to Messrs. Kelly and Newcomb represent bonuses the two men said they deserved from the first half of 1988 , but which were n't paid because of a dispute over an incentive contract . 
The ministry said the swap , details of which were disclosed last Thursday , will allow both state-controlled companies to reinforce operations in their main markets and argued that the move shows the dynamism of France 's state-sector concerns . 
The results were in line with analysts ' expectations . 
Third-quarter earnings have been generally disappointing and with economic data showing a clear slowing , the outlook for earnings in the fourth quarter and all of 1990 is getting worse . 
But last February , a federal appeals court in New Orleans upheld a damage award against General Dynamics , rejecting the company 's use of the government contractor defense . 
McCaw wants to buy 22 million shares of LIN for $ 125 each , or $ 2.75 billion , which would result in McCaw 's owning 50.3 % of LIN . 
Her share decreases , but only slightly . '' 
Unit volume , or amount of products shipped , rose about 11 % in the international segment , with P&G continuing to win market share in Japan 's diaper and detergent markets . 
Attorneys for more than 18,000 women who claim injuries from the Dalkon Shield contraceptive device have asked the U.S. Supreme Court to refuse to hear an appeal of the bankruptcy-law reorganization plan for A.H. Robins Co. , which manufactured the device . 
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan-U.S . Business Council . 
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country . 
They 'd determine where parents could store their kids during the day , and they 'd regulate the storage facilities . 
A Boeing spokesman responded : `` All along the company has said there was no grounds for criminal prosecution . 
The theft was discovered early this year , soon after Ms. Hammond took her post . 
The bonds , rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 6.90 % in 2006 to 2009 . 
And , while the mutinous Fed member has n't gone public , some Fed governors , most notably Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , are known to have disagreed with the chairman 's decision to remain silent . 
The charter would just have to be restricted to a list of workers ' fundamental rights , without seeking to impose any norms . 
But he and his chief financial officer , John Pope , sowed some of the seeds for the deal 's failure by insisting banks accept low financing fees and interest rates , while they invested in the transaction only a small fraction of the $ 114.3 million they stood to gain from sale of their UAL stock and options . 
Former Rep. Robert Bauman , a Maryland Republican who lost his seat in 1980 after he was caught soliciting sex from a 16-year-old boy , has never regained his professional footing as a lawyer . 
New construction contracting climbed 8 % in September to an annualized $ 274.2 billion , with commercial , industrial and public-works contracts providing most of the increase , according to F.W. Dodge Group . 
Senior ministry officials huddled with creditors during the week in an attempt to agree on some form of restructuring that would keep Waertsilae Marine operating . 
Moreover , it 's trying to transfer its skill at designing military equipment to commercial ventures . 
Also , a cockpit warning system failed to alert the pilots the flaps and slats were not set for takeoff , the NTSB said . 
The Federal Trade Commission said it authorized its staff to seek a preliminary injunction barring Imo Industries Inc. from acquiring the shares outstanding of the U.S. unit of the British company , United Scientific Holdings PLC , for $ 69 million . 
As the death toll from last week 's temblor climbed to 61 , the condition of freeway survivor Buck Helm , who spent four days trapped under rubble , improved , hospital officials said . 
Bond Corp. , British Satellite 's biggest investor , would like to withdraw from the satellite-TV consortium , and analysts have speculated Hollywood studios might buy the Bond stake . 
A quake that measures two on the Richter is n't twice as severe as a `` one '' -- it 's 10 times worse . 
The airline had allowed them to move ahead of some union members in seniority following the 1985 strike , a move the union had contested in a previous lawsuit . 
Colorado National is a unit of Colorado National Bankshares Inc. and Central is a unit of First Bank System of Minneapolis . 
Early intervention into these types of problems can apparently save businesses long-term expense associated with hospitalization , which sometimes results when these problems go untreated for too long . 
The machinists are reviewing proposals they made in the past for recapitalizations that would pay a special shareholder dividend and give employees a minority stake . 
The Illinois Attorney General won a court order to prevent the couple from raising further funds without MADD 's permission . 
The stock market reacted strongly to the news . 
Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale . 
This is the worry that probably brought steadiness to the market earlier in the week , he said . 
Now why , you have to ask yourself , would intelligent beings haul a bunch of rocks around the universe ? 
The Task Broker `` turns that network into -- as far as the user is concerned -- one giant computer , '' said Bill Kay , general manager of Hewlett-Packard 's workstation group . 
The usually cautious giant will become the majority owner of the company that owns New York 's beloved Rockefeller Center at a time when tensions over Japanese purchases of U.S. property are at an all-time high . 
The TCI investment is a big victory for Viacom 's chief executive officer , Frank Biondi , and Winston H. Cox , president of the Showtime unit . 
Iran 's President Rafsanjani offered to help gain freedom for Western hostages in Lebanon , but said the assistance was contingent on U.S. aid in resolving the cases of three Iranians kidnapped in Lebanon in 1982 or the release of frozen Iranian assets . 
Their cowardly acts of civil disobedience , which they tried to hide under the cloak of outrage at a war they characterized as `` immoral , '' weakened the national fabric and threw additional burdens on those who served honorably in that conflict . 
A 20 % stake would allow Honeywell to include Yamatake earnings in its results . 
Aside from working with Mr. Robinson on the American Express advertising account for about 11 years , Mr. Roman serves on several of the same charities and boards as Mr. Robinson . 
This has been a week of stunning events behind what was once called the Iron Curtain and interesting shifts in official American policy toward Moscow . 
The OTC technology sector is far from a cohesive unit . 
The pound was at 2.8896 marks late Friday , off sharply from 2.9511 in New York trading a week earlier . 
Moreover , any unexpected strengthening of the dollar would hurt Georgia-Pacific because two of Nekoosa 's major product lines -- containerboard , which is used to make shipping boxes , and market pulp -- are exported in large quantities . 
`` This is one of the worst trade releases we 've had since the dollar troughed out in 1987 , '' said Geoffrey Dennis , chief international economist at James Capel Inc . 
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond . 
K mart tested the warehouse-club sector last year with its acquisition of a 51 % interest in Makro Inc . 
TIMES SQUARE development opponents are dealt setback . 
It has depicted the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over the Scottish town of Lockerbie . 
So after 70 years , it is confessing the obvious , hoping to be believed about other things . 
Treasury securities were essentially flat to about 1\/2 point lower . 
As of Sept. 30 , Halsey had 5.3 million common shares outstanding . 
The issue is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securitiess . 
This team initially called its new model Personal Retirement Account , or `` PRA . '' 
This year 's nine-month results include gains of $ 13 million , or five cents a share , from the sale of Schlumberger 's defense systems business , and $ 22 million , or nine cents a share , from an award by the IranU.S . Claims Tribunal . 
Employees wore identification badges listing not only their names but also their dates of hire . 
In addition , the agreement calls for Gilbert H. Lamphere , chairman of Prospect Group 's executive committee , to be named chairman of a restructured board that will include four new independent directors . 
AC&R Advertising is a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi Co . 
Wednesday , Mr. Belli 's staff was n't permitted into his office by city officials worried about their safety . 
A year later , it was 5.7 million . 
USAir and Mr. Buffett wo n't talk about Mr. Steinhardt at all . 
Late Friday , the company reported a loss of $ 51.3 million for the third quarter after earning $ 9.2 million a year before . 
The Office of Thrift Supervision banned B.J. Garman , a former director of the failed Vision Banc Savings Association of Kingsville , Texas , from working in any financial institution insured by the government . 
Michael Carpenter , president and chief executive officer at Kidder Peabody , said in a recent interview , `` We do n't think that index arbitrage has a negative impact on the market as a whole . '' 
Many factors besides a dread of 1997 will have a bearing on Hong Kong 's economy . 
Investors such as Marvin Davis of Los Angeles who have sought airline ownership this year have insisted they , not the pilots , must have control . 
Even the Bank of China , which normally took weeks to process letters of credit , was settling the letters at record speed to dispel rumors about the bank 's financial health . 
To wrestle with a demon in a house owned by a Litchfield , Conn. , woman , the Warrens recently called in an exorcist , the Rev. Robert McKenna , a dissident clergyman who hews to the Catholic Church 's old Latin liturgy . 
The legislation also requires broad new disclosures of the race , sex and income level of borrowers , but that information wo n't be gathered in new studies for several months at least . 
He attributed that to the issue 's aggressive pricing and large size , as well as the general lethargy in the municipal marketplace . 
Generally , regulators have n't announced enforcement actions in the past . 
A consequence of their departure could be a serious diminution of market liquidity . 
If a strike ever hits the Met , the company can still sell tickets to his `` Boheme '' and `` Turandot '' and boom out recordings ( of another era ) . 
The president was said to have been noncommittal . 
They are inevitably inclined to echo the conventional pap , since this is the least controversial option that is open to them . 
It seems to me the BPCA plan has the potential of making South Gardens a horticultural jail for people and plants . '' 
And of course they agree that people can impose restrictions on the use of their papers , whether in their own possession or as donated or sold to libraries . 
The CompuServe subsidiary ( which provides information to home-computer users ) is `` where the growth is , '' he said , but its format is `` still too complicated . '' 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. posted a sharp third-quarter turnaround from a year earlier , but net income would have dropped from the second quarter without a $ 37 million after-tax gain . 
In addition , White House aides think that there are numerous other important measures Democrats badly wanted passed -- such as the scaling back of a controversial catastrophic health-care plan for the elderly -- that might provide the president leverage in cutting deals with Democrats . 
A severe recession could , of course , raise delinquency rates , but so far the current levels of consumer debt do n't seem to loom as a major threat . 
As you mentioned , subsidies for development on a number of barrier islands were curtailed in 1982 by the Coastal Barrier Resource System . 
Liberals are the faction that says , Give peace a chance ; now they are saying Mr. Ortega should give them a break , lest the conservatives ask them to vote for bullets instead of bandages . 
Mr. Corry expected the Texas Oil & Gas sale to delight Mr. Icahn by addressing his concern about boosting shareholder value . 
Earlier yesterday , the Societe de Bourses Francaises was told that a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares . 
Mr. Nadeau also is chairman and chief executive of Unigesco Inc. , Provigo 's controlling shareholder . 
World-wide production would be cut in half by 1998 . 
It compares the position of key words in the story ; words in the headline or first paragraph get a higher value . 
Mr. Engelken turned off the motor and rolled down the window . 
Many couples `` are like ships passing in the night , '' a communications gulf that sparks problems on the job and at home , says psychologist Harry Levinson . 
For years , a strict regimen governed the staff meetings at Nissan Motor Co. 's technical center in Tokyo 's western suburbs . 
The government reported that the number of young cattle placed on feedlots during the quarter dropped 5 % compared with the year-earlier quarter . 
The Pentagon is a haunted house . 
Richard Carrion , who is currently president and chief executive officer of Banco Popular , said the merger will result in a `` larger and stronger locally based bank . '' 
`` October 13th left us with a cut and exposed nerve , '' said Jack Solomon , technical analyst for Bear Stearns . 
He said Businessland , which operates stores in 50 U.S. metropolitan areas , planned to absorb his firm 's operations . 
Please make me and thousands of other readers more comfortable with our daily purchase of your newspaper by raising your environmental standards to your overall impeccable quality levels , and increase your use of recycled paper . 
Is this the future of chamber music ? 
`` When they were making the decision , all hell broke loose with the finances . '' 
The company 's latest announcement said Mr. Waggoner will remain a director of Staar , a maker of products for small-incision surgery . 
Every morning , tractor-trailer trucks arrive at the Natick Ground Station from Boston 's Logan Airport , carrying the day 's package load . 
`` Human nature being what it is , people do n't always follow instructions , '' says Jack Guzewich , chief of food protection for the New York state Health Department . 
According to testimony in a public , 80-page grand-jury report handed up to the state attorney general , Judge O'Kicki extorted cash from lawyers , muscled favorable loans from banks and bullied local businesses for more than a decade . 
NRM said it expects unitholders to vote on the restructuring at a meeting Dec. 15 . 
Kidder officials stand by their aggressive use of program trading . 
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines . 
Presidio said the properties are generally situated in Wyoming , North Dakota , Texas , Oklahoma and Louisiana . 
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug . 
Both also will inspect and replace , if necessary , oil filters and oil strainers , at no charge to owners . 
Call Jim Wright 's office in downtown Fort Worth , Texas , these days and the receptionist still answers the phone , `` Speaker Wright 's office . '' 
The price of the second simulator ranges between C$ 16.4 million and C$ 18 million , CAE said , depending on when the Army exercises its option . 
The other months posted advances of 10 cents to 20 cents an ounce . 
Dedication runs high . 
Competition is intensifying as larger companies invade a mountain-bike market Mr. Sinyard 's company once had virtually all to itself . 
General Motors Corp. 's general counsel hopes to cut the number of outside law firms the auto maker uses from about 700 to 200 within two years . 
Instead , he should listen to see how that criticism can be used constructively to advance his objective of carrying out a set of tasks through the efforts of his subordinates . 
Is n't this the same guy who resigned as Navy secretary because he could n't get his 1,000-ship Navy ? 
In his office overlooking the runway of Shannon Airport , Mr. Ovcharenko enthusiastically throws out what he calls `` just ideas '' : 
The Bush administration accused Israeli Prime Minister Shamir of hindering peace efforts in the Mideast with `` unhelpful '' and disappointing statements . 
And some carriers are facing other unexpected headaches : USAir , for example , blamed some of its loss on merger expenses and on disruptions caused by Hurricane Hugo last month . 
Marks & Spencer is also considering opening stores across Europe sometime in the future . 
Moreover , Mr. Douglas sees a revival of institutional interest in smaller growth stocks that could boost the performance of these stocks in the medium term . 
-- Confirming other government data showing that wages are n't keeping pace with inflation , earnings of year-round , full-time male workers fell 1.3 % in 1988 after adjusting for higher prices , the first such drop since 1982 . 
Kellogg is so anxious to turn around Corn Flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents , trade sources say . 
`` The guys are going for their skis , their stereos , their personal computers , '' said Frank Fitzgerald , who helped others empty their apartments . 
Even if you 're healthy and can renew , your premium will go up sharply because you 're that much older . 
When the motorist returned to his car he could turn the card off and , if it showed time remaining , save it for later . 
Separately , Dominion Textile posted net income of 4.7 million Canadian dollars ( $ 4 million ) , or 12 Canadian cents a share , for the fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
Sales rose 2.9 % to $ 827.9 million from $ 804.3 million . 
In finding `` good news '' in Berkeley 's new freshman admissions plan ( `` The Privileged Class , '' editorial , Sept. 20 ) , you 're reading the headline but not the story . 
The business is n't related to Lotus 's main businesses of making computer software and publishing information on compact disks . 
Computer Sciences Corp. said it received a U.S. Postal Service contract that will have a value of at least $ 33 million . 
A bright spot is the company 's power-generation business , which is experiencing a surge of growth for the first time in years . 
The 30-share index ended 12.6 points higher at 1751.9 . 
Starting tomorrow , I 'm stalking you . 
After the HUD and S&L stories broke , some Congressmen began to worry that their influence peddling at executive-branch and independent agencies might some day get them in trouble . 
Several reports as the day progressed gave vague or conflicting indications about whether banks would sign up . 
Ready , Willing and Unable I always lift the hood When my car does n't start ; If gadgets at home do n't work I coolly take them apart . 
He launched into Saint-Saens 's `` The Swan '' from `` Carnival of the Animals , '' a favorite encore piece for cellists , with lovely , glossy tone and no bite . 
Edison said the acquired stores would be integrated into its current operations . 
`` What I thought I was saying is that the market is troubled but still viable and , appropriately enough , quite quality-conscious , which is not at all bad , '' he says . 
Its 1988 revenue was $ 25 million . 
For that matter , perhaps he fixed to the wrong currency . 
The Ministry of Agriculture and Fishery actually is a ministry for farmers and fishermen instead of a ministry of provisions . 
`` In the next few weeks , I will be consulting with my political advisers and with the Democratic leaders about the best way of preserving the interests of my constituents , '' said Mr. Garcia , 56 years old . 
McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. said it obtained `` firm '' financing commitments from three major banks in regard to its offer for 50.3 % of LIN Broadcasting Corp . 
`` I guess I thought , ` This is the World Series and I 'm not gon na wimp out ! ' '' 
According to a report widely circulating in East Berlin , it was Mr. Krenz who ordered police to stop using excessive force against demonstrators in Leipzig . 
Bond prices continued to edge higher in anticipation of more news showing a slower economy . 
But the new statistics show that by September , the burst in spending seemed to be tapering off . 
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares . 
While that could make it vulnerable to a veto by Mr. Bush , Democrats argue that a presidential rejection would give their party a valuable issue in next year 's congressional elections . 
Analysts say Mr. Suominen had grown increasingly worried about the state 's potential financial exposure as Waertsilae Marine 's losses ballooned to more than double the figure estimated in August . 
Using reduced instruction-set computing , or RISC , chips made by Intergraph of Huntsville , Ala. , the system splits the image it `` sees '' into 20 digital representations , each processed by one chip . 
It adds that births were `` extremely unlikely '' after the fourth cycle and concludes couples who do n't achieve a pregnancy after four to six procedures should be advised that success is unlikely . 
Furthermore , it is also likely to encourage those on Capitol Hill asking for cuts in the assistance to El Salvador if President Cristiani does not bend to demands of the Marxist guerrillas . 
This is just not so . 
East Rock Partners Limited Partnership said it proposed to acquire A.P. Green Industries Inc. for $ 40 a share . 
What managers really fear is that the pro-union movement could spread beyond the pilots . 
Essentially , the critics of stock-index futures fall into two camps . 
With the exception of August , when exports rose 2.1 % , exports have declined every month from year-earlier levels since March . 
The 33 % bracket should apply to all income over the applicable level , not just the 5 % rate adjustment amount . 
But most cases of non-violent civil disobedience are not nearly so benign . 
Mr. Booker , executive director of Ford 's Latin America Automotive Operations since December 1988 , was named vice president of Ford Asia-Pacific . 
But at least Burger King has signed on , and says that by year end it wo n't be using any shell eggs . 
Executives say Mr. Gorbachev 's moves to break up the government 's foreign trade monopoly have created uncertainties as well as opportunities . 
An A.P. Green official declined to comment on the filing . 
The bleak trade report was played down by the Bush administration . 
Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a `` sell '' recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The AFL-CIO also embraces treatment guidelines . 
Maybe some of our talk-show hosts and anchors have already been taken over ? 
France 's national tobacco company , known for making brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises and Gitanes , is branching out . 
South Korean exports to the U.S. during the period fell 1.6 % from a year ago to $ 15.06 billion , while imports from the U.S. soared 26 % to $ 11.56 billion . 
It is the kind of libel the teachers ' unions do n't mind spreading , for their own narrow purposes . 
What about those caring people all over the country who are donating food , water and other necessities of life to these people who could be any of us ? 
For any given move in the overall market , it suggests how steeply that particular issue might rise or fall . 
Although Wang will report a loss for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 and the full fiscal year , Mr. Miller says he expects the company will return to profitability by the fourth quarter . 
The problem for IBM trial lawyers Thomas Barr and David Boies was how to make such a highly technical case understandable . 
Also , it has not yet been decided exactly how much of the mortgage AEW will be able to convert into equity . 
As a result , he took the lead in arguing that the cut should be blocked on procedural grounds . 
The release of several economic reports had little impact on the market , including a report that the U.S. trade deficit expanded to a surprisingly wide $ 10.77 billion in August , up from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July . 
SYDNEY-Qintex Australia Ltd. , under pressure from bank lenders , has called in accounting firm Peat Marwick Hungerfords to help oversee asset sales and restructure the resorts and media company . 
`` People are very concerned about who is going to step up to the plate and buy municipal bonds in the absence of institutional buyers . '' 
`` The extent of the claims wo n't be known for some time , '' Mr. Leach said . 
Mr. Stoll draws his title from the cuckoo 's habit of laying eggs in the nests of other birds , making them surrogate parents . 
`` We 're not out of the woods yet by any means , '' said George R. Mateyo , president and chief executive of Carnegie Capital Management Co. , Cleveland . 
At EDS , third-quarter profit jumped 16 % to a record $ 110.9 million , or 93 cents a share , from $ 95.9 million , or 79 cents a share . 
Despite his racial advantage , to be a great butler is a heroic calling ; one 's pantry is `` not unlike general 's headquarters during a battle . '' 
The warrants may be exercised until 90 days after their issue date . 
India 's Gandhi called for parliamentary elections next month . 
The sterilizing gene is expressed just before the pollen is about to develop and it deactivates the anthers of every flower in the plant . 
Four of the planes were purchased by International Lease from Singapore Airlines in a previously announced transaction . 
Among takeover stocks , Jefferson Smurfit jumped 1 1\/4 to 42 1\/2 after SIBV-MS Holdings said the price to be paid to Jefferson Smurfit 's minority holders has been raised to $ 43 a share . 
It said it expects net to rise to 11 billion yen from 8.22 billion yen . 
When the champ has lost his stuff , the great mystery novelist wrote , `` when he can no longer throw the high hard one , he throws his heart instead . 
Congress closed this loophole last year , or thought it did . 
Among those are the 1,850 acres in the San Francisco Bay area , including 208 acres in the Mission Bay area . 
If they do good credit analysis , they will avoid the hand grenades . 
Eventually little French farmers and their little French farmwives came out of their stone houses and put their hands above their tiny eyes and squinted at us . 
I am not sure that judges , many of whom I like very much , are proper repositories for making distinctions about pop singers , '' said Richard Kurnit , a New York advertising lawyer . 
Snack-food tonnage increased a strong 7 % in the third quarter , while domestic profit increased in double digits , Mr. Calloway said . 
The indictment charged that Pymm operated a machine to crush broken thermometers and recover the mercury in an illegal workroom . 
Within a few minutes , the true extent of the catastrophe was becoming clear . 
HOMESTEAD FINANCIAL CORP. , Millbrae , financial services concern , annual revenue of $ 562 million , OTC , said three of its 17 Bay-area branches were closed yesterday . 
Industry analyst John H. Qualls , a vice president with Hill & Knowlton in St. Louis , forecasts that domestic auto makers will have a 93-day supply of cars at the end of the year , even if car sales improve to a 6.5 million vehicle rate for the quarter . 
`` They still bear the memory of October 1987 , when they bought gold after the stock market crashed and ended up losing money because gold prices subsequently fell , '' Mr. Nichols said . 
Mr. Whittle Friday said several more advertisers have been added . 
Sun , Hewlett-Packard and others say Intel is n't wholly to blame for the snafu . 
At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . 
Jujo Paper predicted that for the full fiscal year ending next March 31 , sales will total 400.0 billion yen , up from 366.89 billion yen . 
It chronicles how , over a period of a dozen years , Southern Methodist University bought its way to football respectability in the Southwest Conference , only to find itself trapped and strangled by the athlete-payoff system it created . 
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans . 
Establishing these practices would permit earlier identification of emerging financial crises , provide better information for loan sales and budgeting decisions , and reduce fraud . 
`` On the down side , sales could fall as much as 90 % for some companies ; on the upper side , sales will be flat . '' 
But is exile in Hollywood enough ? 
No sophisticated professional expects economists to be right all the time . 
Fortunately , the Hubble Space Telescope -- set to be launched on the shuttle next year in a search for distant solar systems and light emitted 14 billion years ago from the farthest reaches of the universe -- was moved from Sunnyvale to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida at the beginning of October . 
The increase was spread fairly evenly among all three types of funds . 
Which , it should be added , does n't prevent the charities from raking in a lot of money anyway . 
The technology group includes many of the OTC market 's biggest stocks , which dominate the market-weighted Nasdaq Composite Index . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.65 % . 
The Victorian house that Ms. Johnson is inspecting has been deemed unsafe by town officials . 
There 's no fire sale here . '' 
Reflecting airline takeover activity , however , both the Fidelity Select Air Transportation Portfolio and the National Aviation & Technology fund posted better-than-average returns for the the year to date : 30.09 % for the Fidelity Air Transportation fund and a whopping 47.24 % for National Aviation & Technology . 
The Financial Times of Canada has no links to the British daily newspaper , The Financial Times . 
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 . 
Ratners and Weisfield 's said they expect to sign definitive agreements shortly and to complete the transaction by Dec. 15 . 
`` You 'll see the annual unraveling of it . '' 
The Secaucus , N.J. , company has formed a joint venture with a distributor called La Lecheria to market a higher-fat milk targeted at Hispanic consumers . 
Excluding the provision , Republic earned $ 44.6 million , up 15 % from a year ago . 
`` Then there 'll be another swing . 
Philip Morris Cos. , New York , adopted a defense measure designed to make a hostile takeover prohibitively expensive . 
New York stocks recovered some of their losses after the London market closed . 
Prime Minister Gandhi tells the Indian Parliament , `` ... neither I nor any member of my family has received any consideration in these transactions . 
Rising export sales also contributed to strong growth , Nikon added . 
Some consultants had insisted it would n't work . 
Melvin Belli 's San Francisco law offices may have been the epicenter of legal activity after Tuesday 's earthquake . 
The projects already under construction will increase Las Vegas 's supply of hotel rooms by 11,795 , or nearly 20 % , to 75,500 . 
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him . 
Eiji Nakazato , a Takashimaya general manager , admits that his company 's image is similar to Saks 's and that there is some interest in the idea . 
`` I do n't think we created him as much as we fed him , nurtured him and let him grow up to be big and strong . 
In five minutes , the Dow industrials climbed almost 30 points . 
The fourth quarter is always IBM 's biggest by far , with most sales coming in December as customers seek to use budgets before year end . 
`` We 'll continue to work with them , in keeping with the reputation of the company , and we 'll rely very much on their leadership , '' says Mitsubishi Estate President Jotaro Takagi . 
The defection of Deloitte 's affiliates in Britain and the Netherlands to Coopers & Lybrand will make Coopers one of the biggest accounting firms in Europe , rivaling KPMG Peat Marwick there . 
A large number of those leaving are managers and professionals . 
TV evangelist : salesparson . 
The group , Mr. Wohlstetter said in an interview , wants to end the market 's wild price swings that critics blame on computer-aided program-trading strategies . 
Some find no harm in the misdemeanors of trespass , minor property destruction , blocking traffic and the like . 
The Senate estimates that its version of the provision would yield $ 17 million the first year and a total of $ 409 million over five years . 
Sales of rolling bearings increased 19 % to 15.7 billion kronor from 13.2 billion kronor in the corresponding period the previous year . 
To gain more leverage , abortion-rights advocates may seek to fold the bill into an omnibus continuing resolution next month . 
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so-called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree . 
The price of Columbia shares has been cut nearly in half since August , when they traded at about $ 10 , as investors apparently realized that the thrift would be forced to take a big write-down . 
All have a fiveyear earnings growth rate of more than 20 % a year . 
Shoney 's said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in 
A crusade of NO to the consumption of drugs is imperative . 
Robert M. Jelenic , 39 , was named president and chief operating officer of this closely held publisher . 
The Series got off to a lukewarm start Oct. 14 with a 16.2 % rating ; the next night it drew 17.4 % of homes . 
David J. Lothson , an industry analyst for PaineWebber Group Inc. , said Johnson & Johnson 's results slightly exceeded his expectations for the third quarter . 
Illinois joins 36 other states that allow public participation in attorney-disciplinary proceedings and 32 states that open disciplinary hearings to the public , according to the American Bar Association . 
If that controversy continues , U.S. machine tool makers say , West German and other foreign producers are likely to grab most of the sales in Eastern Europe . 
When Aetna adjuster Bill Schaeffer visited a retired couple in Oakland last Thursday , he found them living in a mobile home parked in front of their yard . 
The company 's total firm backlog of unfilled orders at Sept. 30 stood at a mighty $ 69.1 billion , compared with $ 53.6 billion at the end of 
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs . 
Cincinnati Bell Inc . 
Meanwhile , they tackle the mounds of paper -- and fantasize about a dream world where bulk-mail postal regulations and government inspectors are banished . 
Union Chairman F.C . ( Rick ) Dubinsky faces the tough task of explaining why banks refused to finance a buy-out the members approved overwhelmingly last week . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
Although this widow earns only twice the minimum wage , largely due to the earnings limit , she would have to earn an additional $ 4,930 to offset her catastrophic surtax of $ 496 . 
For instance , wages of private-sector hospital workers leaped 6.6 % in the 12 months ended in September , compared with 4.4 % for workers in all industries . 
If Colgate toothpaste offers a tempting money-saving coupon , she 'll cross Crest off her shopping list without a second thought . 
`` We accommodate their choice of names by allowing them to demonstrate '' family affiliation with legal documents , says Jim O'Donnell , a senior vice president . 
Net income : 21 cents a share vs. net loss of $ 4.11 a share 
But the technology , while reliable , is far slower than the widely used hard drives . 
Either one likes it or one does n't . 
Interest rate-sensitive shares such as steel , construction and electric utility companies , which rose early in the week , saw their advance weaken yesterday . 
The Redmond , Wash. company , a bellwether provider of operating systems and software for personal-computer makers and users , reported net income for the quarter ended Sept. 30 of $ 49.6 million , or 87 cents a share , up from $ 36.6 million , or 65 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
On routes to South America , the company had no backup jets to ensure delivery when planes were grounded . 
All of the firms except Kidder , which is the second-biggest program trader on Wall Street , quickly announced pull-backs from index arbitrage . 
Others suggested , however , that the Fed will hold any changes in monetary policy in check , leaving fed funds at around 8 3\/4 % , down from the 9 % level that prevailed from July through September . 
The S&L bailout could cost $ 300 billion , computing interest on the government 's loans . 
The company did n't specify reasons for the strong earnings gain . 
The proposal reiterates the U.S. desire to scrap or reduce a host of trade-distorting subsidies on farm products . 
In late 1986 , he made an offer he thought the U.S. could n't refuse . 
Mr. Bostian said in August that his macroeconomic index signaled recession . 
The two surveys , which asked different questions , were conducted using national random probability samples . 
If `` Mancuso FBI '' has an intriguing central character , it also has a major flaw : 
The French building group Dumez S.A. said profit jumped 70 % in the first half of 1989 , partly on the strength of nonrecurring gains from a share issue by its Canadian unit . 
The plan , outlined in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , also calls for creditors and shareholders to receive common stock and warrants in the new company . 
Already , he notes , the 76 charges originally filed against him have been trimmed to 27 . 
Many funds allow investors to void orders before the close of trading . 
In May , Rep. Don Edwards ( D. Calif . ) introduced congressional legislation that would require an audible beeping during any employee monitoring , warning people that they are being heard . 
When the smoke cleared , six people were dead ( three from heart attacks ) , and everyone wondered what in the world they were shooting at . 
Further staff cuts are likely , the spokesman indicated . 
The Fed 's problem is not that it is too independent , or too unpolitical . 
Excluding the gain , P&G 's earnings were close to analysts ' predictions of about $ 1.40 a share for the quarter . 
Ever since the days of Alfred Thayer Mahan ( U.S. naval officer and naval historian ) and Teddy Roosevelt the Navy has been the service most favored by Washington officialdom . 
Kidder , Peabody & Co. , a General Electric Co. unit that has become the biggest program trader along with Morgan Stanley , is n't a market maker , although the Big Board hopes that will change . 
The so-called Louvre accord was seen to have set ranges of 1.70 marks to 1.90 marks and 120 yen to 140 yen . 
If Mr. McDonough 's plans get executed , as much of the Polish center as possible will be made from aluminum , steel and glass recycled from Warsaw 's abundant rubble . 
Spokesmen for Emerson and Vermont American , which has agreed to be acquired , said they do n't anticipate `` any problems '' with the completion of the transaction . 
That includes more than $ 9.5 billion issued through August of this year , up sharply from $ 6.5 billion in the comparable 1988 period -- and more than in all of 1987 . 
Now he has moved to Oklahoma where costs are lower , and started a new company , Adsi Inc. , to market his machine . 
`` It puts this president in the legislative business , '' he declares . 
The institute said that , excluding semifinished steel products , year-to-date imports represented 15.2 % of consumption , compared with a permitted maximum of 18.5 % . 
Firms that are paying employment taxes also provide leads to competitors that are n't , he says . 
Mr. Anderson , a former Lott aide , received campaign assistance from the senator and from President Bush , who visited the district last week . 
It 's written ` marcato ' in the score , and I played it that way , kind of gigue-like . 
Mr. Grauer said $ 2 billion of that is used in active index arbitrage . 
Though the play clearly is framed around the events of Iran-Contra , it takes in the wide sweep of scandals over the past 30 years . 
In August , Mr. Lewis pleaded guilty to three felony counts . 
Dr. Minna believes people who inherit a defective gene somewhere on one of their two copies of chromosome 3 are especially prone to lung cancer . 
What miffed many USX executives and shareholders was that the acquisition , for $ 3 billion of stock , doubled the USX shares outstanding and considerably diluted them . 
A company spokesman said he could n't explain their sudden bullishness . 
He recommends such blue-chip growth stalwarts as Philip Morris , PepsiCo , CPC International , Reebok International , and Limited Inc . 
Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction . 
Bond prices also edged higher . 
The company , which supplies transmissions and other drive-train parts to auto makers , said about half the earnings drop came from the `` virtual collapse '' of the Venezuelan auto industry . 
Conasupo Director Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez said the agency will sell 589 midsized supermarkets and several food-production plants and warehouses beginning early next year . 
One question being debated in the Soviet Union is how to use the defense sector 's research-and-production expertise in the rest of the economy . 
A recent study for the Federal Aviation Administration found that major airlines sometimes make flight attendants work 16 hours or more straight -- despite union contracts at some airlines limiting duty time to 14 hours . 
To argue that this is `` not likely '' to affect the economy in positive ways is contrary both to recent experience with capital-gains tax cuts and to common sense . 
The timing of his visit was fortuitous ; the man who had brought it in for an estimate had returned to collect it and was waiting in the hall . 
We suspect voters are fed up with the finagling . 
The separate $ 67 billion bill sent to the White House had budget difficulties , too , but was saved ultimately by its importance to a broad spectrum of interests in Congress and the administration itself . 
That level of production did n't take its toll on futures prices for the fourth quarter , when demand is traditionally strong . 
Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter . 
William Greaney , an attorney for the Chemical Manufacturers Association , said that while other appeals courts have ruled differently on whether cleanup costs are damages , the influence of the appeals court in New York `` will make insurers sit up and listen . '' 
Baker had lots of them . 
Earlier this month , Milton Roy signed a letter of intent to acquire Automated Custom Systems Inc. , Orange , Calif. , and its sister operation , Environmental Testing Co. , in Aurora , Colo . 
Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis . 
On average , Mr. Lynford says , it now takes three to 3 1\/2 years to fill new office space , compared with 2 1\/2 years in 1988 . 
Most of those markets had rebounded the day before from Monday 's slide . 
`` There 's still a lot of pressure on rates in both rail and truck , '' said Gerard McCullough , lecturer in transportation at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
`` As long as I am borrowing at 9.9 % and each { bond } yields over that , it enhances the yield , '' he maintains . 
Mr. Eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to evolve and adapt to local changes , but he feels that the Sino-British agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future . 
More recently , some former Quebecor executives started their own printing company , specializing in printing and distributing advertising circulars . 
Regrettably , two administrations in a row have been unwilling and unable to develop any plan , military or economic , for supporting the Panamanian people in their attempts to restore democracy . 
Some Wall Street firms monitor for recordkeeping purposes . 
Just the thing for the Vivaldi-at-brunch set , the yuppie audience that has embraced New Age as its very own easy listening . 
In 1976 , he teamed up with record producer Neil Bogart in Casablanca Records and Filmworks -- later called Polygram Pictures -- where they produced such hits as as `` The Deep , '' and `` Midnight Express . '' 
But should they spy one , the company will pay a bonus equal to one-third its value . 
A main factor mitigating more widespread damage was the location of the quake 's epicenter -- 20 miles from the heart of the Silicon Valley and more than 50 miles from downtown San Francisco and Oakland . 
The IMF has several reasons for requesting the increase . 
However , despite the big new-issue calendar , many junk bond investors and analysts are skeptical the deals will get done . 
Faced with a similar situation , Paul Volcker let the dollar soar , ( though monetary aggregates also grew so rapidly monetarists issued egg-on-the-face warnings of inflation ) . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Later , the U.S. currency fell to about 142.25 yen on news reports of the San Francisco earthquake . 
He joined the firm in 1963 and bought it from the owners the next year . 
They did n't play the third game of the World Series on Tuesday night as scheduled , and they did n't play it on Wednesday or Thursday either . 
Last month , in his boldest move yet , Mr. Andersson and Trelleborg joined forces with Canada 's Noranda Inc. in a joint $ 2 billion hostile takeover of another big Canadian mining concern , Falconbridge Ltd . 
Revenue gained 3.1 % to $ 26.81 billion from $ 26 billion . 
As reported , PaineWebber bought shares Tuesday as part of a customer strategy shift , although the broker 's client was said then to have been Japanese . 
Mr. Krenz is such a contradictory figure that nobody has even come up with any good jokes about him . 
Officials also suspect that traffic benefited from steps by major employers to get workers to come in at odd hours , or that many workers are still staying at home . 
Fees 1 3\/8 . 
`` The ad campaign is meant to contemporize the thought of National Geographic , '' she says . 
A Saatchi spokesman declined to comment about Interpublic . 
According to Baker Hughes Inc. , 992 rotary rigs were at work in the U.S. last week , up from the year-ago count of 933 . 
It has said it hopes to control 5 % of jewelry business in the U.S. by 1992 ; currently it controls about 2 % . 
This is the year : Unsuspecting filers of 1988 personal returns are being picked randomly for thorough audits to help the IRS update its criteria for enforcement , audit selection , and use of resources . 
They are often closed to the public and no minutes are taken . 
Activists fear that if the shuttle carrying Galileo into orbit should explode , or if Galileo itself crashes into the Earth during the two times it flies close to the planet , fatal levels of plutonium would be released into the atmosphere . 
I 'm not certain . 
People have a sense the government is ignoring the real problems in our society . '' 
Sales were $ 623 million , up 0.5 % from $ 619.8 million a year ago . 
So what is Santa Fe worth ? 
Though the assassination ban is a White House order that Congress never voted on , the intelligence committees can exercise influence over its interpretation . 
Most of them do n't last for long , but in the meantime all we can do is tell people they are n't connected with us , '' says a spokeswoman for the American Heart Association . 
In novels of an earlier vintage , David would have represented excitement and danger ; Malcolm , placid , middle-class security . 
American Express 's profit climbed 21 % in the quarter , aided by a surge in its travel business and despite a big rise in Third World loan reserves . 
But he said he believes the second quarter 's 5 % rate `` will prove to have been this year 's peak quarterly inflation rate . '' 
Already two major pharmaceutical companies , the Squibb unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. , are collaborating with gene hunters to turn the anticipated cascade of discoveries into predictive tests and , maybe , new therapies . 
Pfizer 
Give him an F for his failure to understand the ethics of economic equity . 
Investors also are anxious about today 's `` witching hour , '' the monthly expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks . 
IBM , which telegraphed the poor results three weeks ago , also cited an increase in its leasing business , which tends to lock in business long-term but cut revenue in the near term . 
Merrill Lynch lowered its short-term rating on the stock and its estimate of 1990 earnings , citing a sales slowdown in the company 's credit-rating business . 
Moreover , your hypothetical investor has forsaken the gains to be had in reducing risk by diversifying his portfolio . 
For the full fiscal year ending next March , Oji predicted that total sales of 477.00 billion yen , up from 420.68 billion yen in the previous fiscal year . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Paying players at SMU was no casual operation . 
IBM already participates in one industrywide effort to improve semiconductor-manufacturing techniques . 
Seeking a middle path between opponents of change and radicals who demand overnight solutions , the article advocates what it calls a `` radical-moderate approach . '' 
Most market participants said they were looking to this week 's inventory statistics from the American Petroleum Institute to give the market some direction . 
Morgan Stanley has consistently been one of the top stock-index arbitrage traders in recent months . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367.40 an ounce , up 10 cents . 
Amex issues with big percentage price gains included two Eastern Air Lines preferred stocks , reacting to the news about improved recovery in flight schedules after the company filed for bankruptcy protection . 
Though a re-enactment may have the flavor , Hollywood on the Hudson it is n't . 
In any event , Ms. Gruberova barely ventilated Violetta 's anguish in her long meeting with Wolfgang Brendel , who as Germont seemed fairly desperate trying to inject an Italianate lilt into his heavy , teutonic baritone . 
Senator Phil Gramm pointed out Monday that in the 20 years before Gramm-Rudman was enacted in 1985 , federal spending grew by about 11 % a year ; since the law , it 's grown at under 5 % annually . 
Their reluctance to support the proposal is another blow to the capital-gains cut , which has had a roller-coaster existence since the beginning of the year , when it was considered dead and then suddenly revived and was passed by the House . 
We want them to buy more of their wardrobe here . '' 
Under current rules , that accrued interest is deductible by the company issuing the debt . 
Because Columbia now must sell the bonds within five years , accounting rules require the thrift to value the bonds at the lower of cost or market prices . 
A number of agencies , including Thompson and Foote , Cone & Belding , said some employees who live outside of San Francisco , fearful that they would n't be able to get home , spent the night at the agency . 
Last year , the total women 's fashion jewelry business topped $ 4.9 billion , says Karen Alberg , editor of Accessories magazine . 
That 's true of only 14 % of households headed by someone 60 or older . 
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial-report comparability with profit-making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 142.55 yen , unchanged from Tuesday 's Tokyo close . 
Mr. Dalton also recommends that the chief executive establish a rumor control center and move swiftly to bolster morale . 
Instead of paying for parking by putting money in the existing machines , which deliver little paper receipts , drivers would be able to buy electronic cards in local tobacco shops . 
The beginnings were modest . 
This activity produced small rallies , which in turn attracted new short selling . 
`` Japan 's markets are more stable , '' he said . 
John F. Merrill 
Heating oil finished at 60.6 cents , down 0.45 cent . 
Machines using the 486 are expected to challenge higher-priced work stations and minicomputers in applications such as so-called servers , which connect groups of computers together , and in computer-aided design . 
His father , David S. Leavitt , was chairman and chief executive until his death in an accident five years ago , at which time Mr. Penn was named president . 
`` That 's different than wrecking them . '' 
The magazine alleged that in making the donations , the pachinko industry may have been offering bribes to win support in the battle against prepaid cards , or it may have been laundering money back and forth between the JSP and the North Korean residents ' organization , the Chosen Soren . 
Shell Canada Ltd. said it plans to build a lubricants blending and packaging plant at Brockville , Ontario , with start-up scheduled for 1992 . 
In national over-the-counter trading , the company 's shares climbed 37.5 cents to $ 20.375 . 
He divorced his first wife three years ago and married the daughter of his court clerk . 
On average , something that cost $ 100 30 years ago now costs $ 425 . 
In each case , the exchange is valued at $ 56.25 a share . 
And because the pachinko industry is regularly at the top of annual lists for tax evasion , some observers estimate the real income could be as much as 20 trillion yen . 
Mr. Little said more than 20 people have been convicted in the Wedtech cases , including former U.S. Rep. Mario Biaggi ( D. , N.Y . ) . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Some cities , including New York , have experimented with special tax districts for commercial areas that provide additional patrols funded by local businesses . 
It has always been so . 
This being typed in a standing position . 
French consumer prices rose 0.2 % in September from the previous month and were up 3.4 % from a year earlier , according to definitive figures from the National Statistics Institute . 
`` This is a very personal , ethnic style , '' Mr. Carew says . `` 
News reports said yesterday that Saab is trying to start negotiations with French automakers Peugeot and Renault . 
Aer Rianta already has so many ventures with Aeroflot that its chief executive is studying Russian . 
When he is presented with a poster celebrating the organization 's 20th anniversary , he recognizes a photograph of one of the founders and recalls time spent together in Camden . 
In an interview , W. Brent LeGere , chairman and chief executive officer , said he expects revenue in the latest quarter to total about $ 28 million . 
Sotheby 's provided the Dorrance family a guarantee of at least $ 100 million , and as much as $ 120 million , to obtain the collection , people familiar with the transaction said , thus taking a greater than usual financial interest in the property to be sold . 
Despite renewed interest by the public in such topics as the environment and the Third World , it has n't been able to shake its reputation as a magazine boys like to flip through in search of topless tribe women . 
The fund is the nation 's largest public employee fund , and it has a growing cash flow now topping $ 3 billion a year . 
The company , which is in a costly modernization program , said earnings were hurt by higher start-up and new program costs , increased costs of materials , higher wages and an $ 11 million provision for bad debts in Latin America . 
Wang 's overall product line is `` still not as good as other vendors , but they 've come a long way , '' says Steven Wendler , a consultant with market researcher Gartner Group , Stamford , Conn . 
He did n't bite . 
The bonds are all rated single-A by Moody 's Investors Service Inc . 
Analysts have predicted strong pent-up demand for the new line among Digital 's customers . 
`` The administration should now state that if the { February } election is voided by the Sandinistas ... they should call for military aid , '' said former Assistant Secretary of State Elliott Abrams . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
The Remic issuance supported prices of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae securities , which held up better than Government National Mortgage Association securities during an afternoon sell-off . 
Mr. Bush 's problem is n't so much that he seems to be agonizing over the issue as it is that he seems to vacillate on it . 
The Arizona regulatory ruling calls for $ 42 million in added revenue yearly , compared with a $ 57 million boost proposed by the commission hearing officer . 
But as Congress prepares a fresh package of sanctions against Beijing , the already-tense relationship could get worse . 
Merkur was originally aimed at enticing into Lincoln-Mercury dealerships the kind of young , affluent buyers who would n't be caught dead in a Town Car -- a vehicle so bargelike that Ford is staging a press event next month linking the Town Car 's launch to the commissioning of a new aircraft carrier in Norfolk , Va . 
But Judge Leval felt constrained by an earlier decision of the Second Circuit Court forbidding a biographer of J.D. Salinger to quote from Mr. Salinger 's personal letters . 
Victor C. Benda , 58 , formerly executive vice president , succeeds Mr. Lang as president and becomes chief operating officer , a new post . 
He had worked with Mr. McDonough on an earlier project and recruited him as architect for the trade center . 
In her cookbook , which Macmillan is bringing out in soft cover this month ( with the blini recipe revised so it works ) , she introduces each chapter with appropriate quotations from Russian literature : Pushkin on blini , Goncharov on piroghi . 
The Diet does n't normally even debate bills because the opposition parties are so often opposed to whatever LDP does that it would be a waste of time . 
In addition , Whitbread intends to focus on its newer hotel , liquor store and restaurant businesses in Europe and North America . 
The Fuji is still small potatoes in the U.S. , sold mainly in fruit boutiques . 
In major market activity : Treasury bond prices fell . 
And while the Japanese have stepped up their purchases of U.S. shares in the past several months , they have shown themselves in the past to be fickle investors . 
Mr. Marous said Westinghouse would own 70 % of the facility . 
Even so , few had ever dealt with an earthquake . 
`` This market is eating away my youth , '' said Chung Lew , head equity trader at Kleinwort Benson North America Inc . 
In a separate complaint also filed in federal court here , shareholder Max Grill of New York charged Imperial , its top executives and directors with breach of fiduciary duty and squandering the company 's assets . 
The shares were suspended from trading following disclosure of the Atlanta scandal ; Consob , the stock exchange regulatory body , reportedly will decide soon whether to end the trading suspension . 
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care . 
Maybe the Chinese , maybe even the Indians . '' 
Do n't Linger 
But if the opposition remains fractured , the Congress ( I ) could win a small majority , or lead a coalition government . 
( U.S. Treasury bonds are still the dollar-denominated investment of choice for long-term Japanese investors ) . 
In the 1988 third quarter , profit from continuing operations totaled $ 140.1 million . 
For the nine months , net was $ 7.7 million , or 41 cents a share , up 97 % from $ 3.9 million , or 22 cents a share , a year earlier . 
New York Stock Exchange volume shrank to 166.9 million shares from 224.1 million Tuesday . 
Two steps are necessary to translate this idea into action . 
The firm brought in to strengthen the structure could be liable as well . 
On the other hand , Mr. Cheney retained all those new land forces . 
And it 's going to be done more frequently as the result of having more access to it at different places . '' 
Pressure has been building on the Big Board in the past two weeks to do something about market volatility , which many investors say is caused by program trading . 
Designs call for an L-shaped structure with a playground in the center . 
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Lupel anticipates no legal action to reverse the Illinois Supreme Court 's decision to institute the changes . 
Hawker Siddeley Group PLC , a U.K. engineering company , reported a 16 % jump in pretax profit for the six-month period ending June 30 . 
Western Union took steps to withdraw a $ 500 million debt swap , citing turmoil in the junk bond market . 
Indeed , skepticism was amply captured by a joke told by Poles at the conference : `` The world must be coming to an end . 
Two reform-minded party leaders favored by Moscow as possible successors to Mr. Honecker , Dresden party secretary Hans Modrow and Politburo member Guenter Schabowski , were passed over . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
A stock-index future is a contract to buy or sell the market value of a basket of stocks , such as the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index . 
Dictaphone Corp. says there 's a big business demand for its voice-activated taping systems , whether the sophisticated Veritrac 9000 system , which costs from $ 10,000 to $ 120,000 and can record 240 conversations simultaneously , or simple handheld units selling for $ 395 . 
We need to get a space platform set up soon -- just in case we want to step out for a breath of fresh air . 
The U.S. is submitting the proposal today in Geneva , hoping that the initiative will spur members of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade to reach agreement on new trade rules before their current negotiating round concludes in December 1990 . 
Mr. Batchelder says that in the past , banks would normally have loaned 65 % of a total buy-out price , with the loans secured by the target company 's assets . 
`` They 're buying whatever 's cheaper . '' 
However , they said the company 's flat revenue was a disappointment , and an indication that sales of Polaroid 's new conventional film in the U.S. have been sluggish . 
Insurance stocks moved higher in the wake of a strong third-quarter earnings report from Chubb , coming on the heels of speculation that last week 's devastating earthquake in the San Francisco area would lead to higher premium rates . 
Just because Stamford , Conn. , High School did nothing when its valuable 1930s mural was thrown in the trash does n't mean the city no longer owns the work of art , a federal judge ruled . 
Mr. Savaiko said he sees a possibility of the December contract dropping to $ 1.05 a pound . 
The entire second floor of its Madison Avenue store is now casual sportswear featuring items such as ski sweaters , leather backpacks and a $ 42 wool baseball hat with the store 's crest . 
Yesterday 's rise in Nekoosa 's share price came on volume of 786,700 shares , four times the daily average . 
One Colombian drug boss , upon hearing in 1987 that Gen. Noriega was negotiating with the U.S. to abandon his command for a comfortable exile , sent him a hand-sized mahogany coffin engraved with his name . 
But when Betsy Engelken wrote him , saying she could stop near his New Jersey home , it seemed different . 
Up to now , the main weapon of the `` worker and peasant state '' has been the ideology of socialism . 
With the TV business falling on hard times in recent years , analysts say that if SCI TV had to be liquidated today , it might fetch 30 % less than in the 1987 buy-out , wiping out most of the company 's junk-holders and its stockholders . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks . 
Kellwood said Gabriel Hakim Sr. , president of Crowntuft , will continue to head Crowntuft 's management group . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Kodak entered the high-definition television market by unveiling a device that can convert conventional film into high-definition video . 
After coming close to a partial settlement a year ago , shareholders who filed civil suits against Ivan F. Boesky and the partnerships he once controlled again are approaching an accord , people familiar with the case said . 
The AT&T action was the most recent blow in a nasty fight . 
`` Carr told Kodak on many occasions to avoid various features because of Polaroid 's patent positions , '' and Kodak followed his advice in every instance , Mr. Crary said . 
Although Daimler has said it is n't interested in mounting a bid for Jaguar , dealers said its name further underlined the growing interest in the British concern . 
In particular , beta does n't measure the company - and industry-specific risk associated with an individual stock . 
The Senate Finance Committee voted to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts , and also to bring back income averaging for farmers , a tax preference that allows income to be spread out over several years . 
Instead , the creditors say , the loan fell victim to nervousness about China 's political turmoil , as well as to concern about the loan 's security . 
In general , markets function well and adjust smoothly to changing economic and financial circumstances . 
Merkur , as an import on domestic car lots , suffered from the same sort of image confusion that is hobbling sales of imports at General Motors Corp. and Chrysler Corp . 
KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL , Oakland , metal and chemical maker , annual sales of $ 2.22 billion , had slight structural damage to its 28-story headquarters building and employees stayed home yesterday to allow crews to clean up . 
The lawsuit was filed by Lone Star Steel 's unsecured creditors ' committee on behalf of Lone Star Steel , which has been operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code since June 30 . 
Right away you notice the following things about a Philip Glass concert . 
The one-hour program will be repeated with updates throughout Saturday mornings . 
The reorganization will `` focus on the value and potential of assets , '' Mr. Spruell said . 
The government , campaigning against fixed brokerage commissions , promptly sued the CBOE over its minimum-fee system . 
Blacks and Hispanics currently make up 38 % of the city 's population and hold only 25 % of the seats on the council . 
Provigo was the most active industrial stock on the Montreal Exchange , where it closed at C$ 9.75 ( US$ 8.32 ) , up 75 Canadian cents . 
Mr. Icahn has long believed , associates say , that the company , whose 1988 sales totaled $ 16.88 billion , is worth $ 70 a share if broken up . 
AEW has $ 3.5 billion of real estate investments nationwide , according to a spokesman . 
The park also has emergency centers where specially trained employees would go to coordinate evacuation and rescue plans using walkie-talkies , cellular phones , and a public-address system . 
It is this adapting of absurd ` knots ' and patterns from old books to any surface where a flower garden has to be made that leads to bad and frivolous design -- wrong in plan and hopeless for the life of plants . 
The Consumer News and Business Channel cable network and U.S. News & World Report have formed a joint venture to produce cable program versions of special issues of the magazine . 
A proviso to that promise is that a minimum of 35 states reach settlement agreements before next Tuesday . 
IBM will face an uphill climb against Digital , given Digital 's reputation for being better than IBM at hooking together different manufacturers ' computers . 
`` I 'm hopeful that we 'll have further discussions , '' Mr. Hahn said . 
Schering-Plough Corp. , based in Madison , N.J. , reported a 21 % rise in earnings as American Home Products Corp. of New York posted an 11 % increase in net . 
Chicago has the largest population of citizens of Polish heritage in any city outside Poland . 
Mr. Icahn , who played a key role in the settlement and attempted subsequently to take control of the company , sold his stake in Texaco just last summer . 
In August , for example , it completed the $ 110 million acquisition of Reliance Universal Inc. , a U.S. maker of industrial coatings for wood , metals and plastics , from Tyler Corp . 
But Superfund also contains a criminal provision concerning the release of toxic substances into the environment . 
In the late 1960s she designed a lightweight stretch bra that boosted sales . 
Crime was the reason that 26 % reported difficulty recruiting personnel and that 19 % said they were considering moving . 
`` I have to come here to read the walls , '' says the doctor , `` because it 's information I still ca n't get through the newspapers . '' 
In the wake of the failed Panama coup , a bumper sticker appears : `` Ollie Would Have Got Him . '' ... 
Typically , Mr. Willens estimates , this type of debt makes up 15 % to 20 % of the financing for LBOs . 
Inventories fell 0.3 % in August . 
CDs yielding 40 % are even more implausible -- especially when the issuing `` bank '' in the Marshall Islands is merely a mail drop watched over by a local gas-station operator -- but investors fell for that one too . 
The group has forecast 1989 revenue of 56.9 billion francs . 
The notes were priced to yield 8 % and are convertible into the company 's Class B common stock at a price which represents a 15 % premium over the market price on Oct. 10 , 1989 . 
But if the market moves quickly enough , it may be impossible for the broker to carry out the order because the investment has passed the specified price . 
Some scientists have suggested that comets and asteroids may have brought enough of this kind of material from the outer solar system to Earth to spawn life . 
The problem is that the CD he bought for a retirement plan was n't a plain vanilla CD . 
In figures released yesterday by A.C. Nielsen Co . `` Teddy Z , '' produced by the television unit of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , was in 37th place . 
Analysts said that 6.3 % level marked the poorest showing for any major British rights issue since the 1987 global stock market crash . 
Sony was down 130 to 8,590 . 
International Minerals said the sale will allow Mallinckrodt to focus its resources on its core businesses of medical products , specialty chemicals and flavors . 
`` You get equity-like returns '' from bonds if you guess right on rates , says James E. Wilson , a Columbia , S.C. , planner . 
For the nine months , net totaled $ 526 million , or $ 3.74 a share , up 5 % from $ 501 million , or $ 3.71 a share , a year ago . 
High-yield traders said spreads between the bid and offered prices of Western Union junk bonds have been widening for some time , and in certain cases , bids for Western Union securities are not available . 
There is doubt that the change would accomplish much but at least Congress , as in 1935 , would be doing something . 
They note that most of the new plants will come on line in 1992 , when the current import trade restraint program ends , which could result in more imports . 
Now , annual population growth is running at about 2 % a year , some desert tracts bought three years ago for $ 90,000 an acre are being sold at $ 25,000 an acre and Phoenix has a seven-year supply of unoccupied office space . 
But such changes must be cleared by four internal committees and dozens of underwriters , brokers and administrators before being implemented . 
`` Everything is up for grabs , '' says Theodore Groom , a lobbyist for mutual life-insurance companies . 
But many of these stocks have now become expensive . 
No power , minimal phones , and a mess of mayonnaise , wine , and everything else all over the floors of the big old general store and the People 's Co-op . 
As an employee of a major refrigerator and freezer manufacturer , I have been heavily involved in dealing with the political manifestations of the Rowland-Molina theory ( named after the researchers who found in 1974 that chlorofluorocarbons contributed to the depletion of ozone in the earth 's atmosphere ) and the Montreal Protocol . 
David Mullins , assistant secretary of the Treasury , said that the working capital is necessary to reduce the final costs of the bailout , by allowing the agency to sell savings and loans without their bad assets , then hold the assets until they can be sold under favorable conditions . 
Revenue rose 4 % to $ 1.79 billion . 
`` The high ratio reflects the fact that silver is still regarded as about a half-industrial metal and its price lagging relative to gold says that traders are expecting a weakening economy , '' he said . 
Such preferences persist even though many Americans believe differences between imported and domestic cars are diminishing . 
It is likely to get as much as $ 800 million initially in additional funds , and eventually could get more than $ 1 billion , according to Mr. Fazio , a member of the House Appropriations Committee . 
At a recent trade show , convention-goers lined up to view a new Specialized bike frame that weighs just 2.7 pounds -- a pound less than the lightest mountain-bike frame on the market . 
In its appeal to the high court , the agency said the federal appeals court ruling , which favored LTV , threatened to transform the agency from an insurer of troubled pension plans into an `` open-ended source of industry bailouts . '' 
Both are young , one twenty odd , the other thirty odd . 
Already , local Missouri judges have relied on the restored preamble in two separate cases to throw out criminal trespass charges against anti-abortion demonstrators who blocked access to Reproductive Health Services , an abortion clinic in St. Louis . 
Source : Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal . 
Lloyd 's of London said it plans to clamp down on the ability of underwriting syndicates to leave their annual accounts open beyond the customary three years . 
In fact , last Friday 's 190.58-point tumble in the stock market caught many people and businesses by surprise , not the least of them brokerage firms such as Shearson that print their weekly market commentaries on Fridays for dissemination the following week . 
Tom Trettien , a vice president with Banque Paribas in New York , sees a break in the dollar 's long-term upward trend , a trend that began in January 1988 . 
Lincoln 's collapse may cost taxpayers as much as $ 2.5 billion , according to estimates , making it the most expensive thrift failure in history . 
The market for $ 200 billion of high-yield junk bonds regained some of its footing as the Dow Jones Industrial Average rebounded from Friday 's plunge . 
For example , insurers may seek to limit their future exposure to catastrophes by increasing the amount of reinsurance they buy . 
In other words , after the glory boom of the Reagan years , wages had sunk from the post World War II peak by 16 % as capitalists , helped by the government , turned down the screws or went offshore . 
So why did advertising pages plunge by almost 10 % and ad revenue by 7.2 % in the first half ? 
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . '' 
Officials at the Department of Revenue had dogged the foreign car maker for taxes owed on business transactions and were proceeding to settle the dispute in court . 
The company , which reported that its loss for the fiscal quarter ended Aug. 26 widened from a year earlier , cut its semiannual dividend in half in response to the earnings weakness . 
Some climate models project that interior regions of Asia would be among the first to heat up in a global warming because they are far from oceans , which moderate temperature changes . 
But MCI , of Washington , was displeased with the FCC decision concerning Tariff 12 , arguing that `` AT&T can not be allowed to flaunt FCC rules . '' 
`` It 's going to be a sensational thing , '' says Mr. Krishnamurthy of P&G in Bombay . 
Capitalism may now be engineered to withstand sudden shocks , but there are fault lines -- the crisis in profits , the assault on wages , the structural inequity of the system -- that make fools of those who claim that the future is here and that history is over . 
Mr. Guber says he had crossed out `` MGM '' with a red pen and written in `` Columbia , '' giving the document to Mr. Semel . 
Viroqua serves about 3,000 access lines in western Wisconsin . 
The company said it expects the name change to take effect within a week . 
The offering is Fannie Mae 's Series 1989-88 . 
Last Friday the 13th ( as well as two years ago this week ) the markets became unlinked . 
Amid the swirl of punitive rhetoric surrounding the issue , one critical question involves whether a federal death penalty , on top of existing state laws , would deter any would-be criminals . 
Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said . 
The Treasury 's 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 fell 11\/32 to 111 31\/32 to yield 10.08 % , while the 12 % notes due 1995 were down 7\/32 to 103 22\/32 to yield 11.04 % . 
The 12-bed `` cooperative care '' unit is one of about 18 nationwide where a family member or friend helps care for a patient in the hospital . 
Call from Sept. 30 , 1993 , at 100 3\/16 , declining by 1\/16 point a year to to par . 
Excluding the volatile categories of energy and food -- leaving what some economists call the core inflation rate -- consumer prices still rose only 0.2 % in September . 
The executives , who got $ 30.88 a share for the stock , showed good timing . 
It refinanced the judge 's loan , lowered its interest rate and accepted a trade-in that had n't originally been part of the deal -- a beat up 1981 Chevy Citation the dealer had to repair before it could be resold . 
Conservative appearances make people think it 's a conservative investment . 
`` This is a change in the social fabric of medicine , '' he says . 
The bill also provides $ 620.5 million to meet U.S. contributions to international organizations and $ 80 million for peace-keeping activities . 
The merger must be formally approved by the partners of both firms but is expected to be completed by year end . 
Heading the list : insurance , construction and technology companies located in the San Francisco Bay Area . 
f - Includes Chevrolet Prizm and Toyota Corolla . 
The company yesterday also said it was scrapping one of its major new products , a 760-megabyte drive , which , while technically proficient , did n't hold much promise of generating substantial orders because financing problems caused a nine-month delay in getting the product to market . 
Industry analysts suggest that the conquest of Falconbridge could vault Trelleborg from a regional Scandinavian success story to a world-class mining concern . 
Profits realized from these trades would then be shared by the conspiring brokers . 
Indeed , a few economists maintain that global forces will continue to govern Hong Kong 's economic rhythm . 
Net Income : $ 66.9 million ; $ 1.36 a share \*\* 
Chicago 's new school chief is the hard-nosed Ted Kimbrough . 
( In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks against offsetting positions in futures . ) 
John C. Dannemiller , executive vice president and chief operating officer , will become president and chief operating officer . 
Mr. Gras said he expects a definitive agreement between the two companies to be completed in the next few months . 
From about 200,000 six years ago , the number of mountain bikes in the U.S. is expected to grow to 10 million in 1990 . 
In the interview , Mr. Reuter said he is thinking foremost of cooperation in the truck sector , but `` in the long run , I do n't want to rule out that we can also come a bit closer in personal cars . '' 
Although the pilots are expected to continue to pursue the bid , UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf may be asked to withdraw from the buy-out effort , at least temporarily , and to return to running the company full time . 
Eastern Reproduction Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of thin metal precision parts , must report to five federal and state agencies as well as to local fire , police , hospital and plumbing authorities , says Robert Maguire , president . 
The directors added that the two executives have n't reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other bidders . 
`` The industry will create industrial products such as displays for work stations and medical diagnostic equipment before it acquires a mass consumer market . '' 
Since then , roughly 50 pediatric patients have received the drug in his program . 
But Mr. Alexander scuttled the deal at the last minute , angering the plaintiff 's side . 
They are enjoying domestic sales that are more than making up for lost overseas sales . 
Ms. Johnson made a passionate statement to the platform committee , but she was talking to herself . 
Industry watchers agree that Brooks Brothers is long overdue in updating its buttoned-down image , which has stunted its growth . 
Most sleep on the floor . 
Net income fell 37 % to $ 32.9 million , or 30 cents a share , from $ 52.2 million , or 48 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
Dr. Blumenfeld concedes he did n't fully understand what he was buying . 
Manhattan U.S. Attorney Otto Obermaier said it was the first time ever that the government had obtained any disgorgement from an organized crime figure indicted under the civil racketeering law . 
Mr. Peters acknowledges that and says it 's not unlike the situation he and Mr. Guber are in with Warner . 
Yet his co-defendant in the case -- also a former military officer by the name of Oliver North -- has been busily and profitably burnishing his involvement in the affair . 
Armco 's sales representatives visit the General Motors Corp. 's Fairfax assembly plant in Kansas City , Mo. , two or three days a week . 
The proposed BellSouth-LIN cellular company , including the newly acquired Metromedia stake , would give the new entity 55 million potential customers , including about 35 million in the nation 's top 10 markets . 
Nobody yet seems to have calculated the total number of slot machines , crap tables or roulette wheels Las Vegas will add to the enormous store that Lady Luck already guards here , much less the ultimate impact of the growth on schools and municipal services . 
But he also said that exercising a test line-item veto is n't a `` top initiative '' on the president 's agenda because he faces more-pressing budget issues at the moment . 
But U.S. officials say they are n't satisfied these incidents constitute terrorism because they may be offshoots of the intifadah , the Palestinian rebellion in the occupied territories , which the U.S. does n't classify as terrorism . 
The comptroller 's office eventually extended the deadline to six months but broadened its demands , ordering that the `` book value of the collection { be } reduced to zero . '' 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
AMERICAN BUILDING MAINTENANCE INDUSTRIES Inc. , San Francisco , provider of maintenance services , annual revenue of $ 582 million , NYSE , had some damage to headquarters and lost phone service , but operations were moved to a branch office and are running smoothly thanks to a decentralized computer system the company had developed before the quake . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Webster shares fell 25 cents to $ 12.375 . 
Gen-Probe agreed to be bought by Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million . 
Cipher Data Products Inc. posted a net loss of $ 14.2 million , or 97 cents a share , for its fiscal first quarter , compared with net income of $ 3.8 million , or 27 cents a share , a year ago . 
For all of 1988 , Bouygues had consolidated profit of 519 million francs , after payments to minority interests , on revenue of 50 billion francs . 
That 's even less than the 4.35 % total return of the Merrill Lynch High-Yield Index . 
Do you think the British know something that we do n't ? 
Add it all up and it means `` that the Fed has a little leeway to ease its credit policy stance without the risk of rekindling inflation , '' said Norman Robertson , chief economist at Mellon Bank Corp. , Pittsburgh . 
Among the glitterati who turned out in bipartisan black-tie force to benefit the Coelho Epilepsy Fund last month were Sen. Robert Dole , Rep. Newt Gingrich , and other kingpins of Congress . 
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. . 
It cited the expected beneficial effects of a concentration on key products , further structural changes within the group and cooperation agreements with other companies . 
People who have seen SCI TV 's restructuring plan say it offers concessions by KKR and Gillett Corp . 
If deals take longer to complete and there are fewer of them to do , `` you ca n't bill the same kind of premium as when deals took a few weeks from start to finish , '' says one lawyer at a large New York firm . 
Insurers may see claims resulting from the San Francisco earthquake totaling nearly $ 1 billion -- far less than the claims they face from Hurricane Hugo -- but the recent spate of catastrophes should jolt property insurance rates in coming months . 
`` You 're not going to make it in a 5 % bank account , '' says James Riepe , director of mutual funds at T. Rowe Price . 
The market rebound Monday followed weekend assurances from Mr. Darman that the administration has other plans to win the cut , which is alive and well . 
A Boise-Cascade spokesman referred to a speech by Chairman John Fery , in which he said that markets generally are stable , although some risk of further price deterioration exists . 
The bonds , rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.10 % in 2010 . 
But racial gerrymandering is not the best way to accomplish that essential goal . 
He said current expectations are for an entry level machine to be shipped in December , with all of the more sophisticated versions out by June . 
They were protecting his interests . '' 
He still has 1,143 shares , according to SEC files . 
`` As a result , household debt appears to be stabilizing at around 63 % of GNP . '' 
CONSUMER advocates have long claimed that car rental companies charge too much for car rental insurance . 
In addition to the increased reserve , the savings bank took a special charge of $ 5 million representing general and administrative expenses from staff reductions and other matters , and it posted a $ 7.6 million reduction in expected mortgage servicing fees , reflecting the fact that more borrowers are prepaying their mortgages . 
`` But the tunnel 's just gotten longer . '' 
Pacific Telesis Group lost 62.5 cents to $ 44.625 . 
Collagen dropped 2 5\/8 to 15 5\/8 on 428,000 shares . 
But devices are there for the asking , whether in stores or through the mail . 
That was n't always the way the Reagan administration handled such matters . 
That 's because they only drop `` mere names , '' says Mr. Churchill . 
Moreover , new lubricants will be needed to protect compressors from the new formulations , which , as with CFCs , are solvents . 
Chez Panisse was listed among the top 30 restaurants in the world this year by Connoisseur magazine . 
Paul Padget 
The researchers discovered that Episcopalians , Presbyterians , Methodists and fundamantalist Protestants were nearly always against the defendants ; the lawyers resolved to try to keep them off the jury . 
Also , AMR was the most active Big Board issue ; 2.8 million shares changed hands . 
After the legislature confirmed him as the Communist Party leader , Krenz said demonstrations to demand democratic freedoms could cause a `` worsening of the situation , or confrontation . '' 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from May 8 , 1991 , through Oct. 8 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 75 % to 85 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 18 . 
Examiners from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency had been combing through First Interstate 's real-estate portfolio since last month ; they first recommended that First Interstate take a provision that was less than the eventual $ 350 million third-quarter hit . 
Normally , Violetta can go about her business without wondering whether she is moving as gracefully as the scenery . 
The SBA expects to make about $ 1 billion in Hurricane Hugo loans . 
One group seeks to publish a U.S.-Soviet medical journal in conjunction with the U.S.S.R. Ministry of Health . 
Traders said major securities firms are reluctant to become market makers because they fear the baskets may attract only limited trading . 
The Soviets hope a trade agreement would give them Most-Favored Nation status , which would lower the tariffs on Soviet exports to the U.S. . 
Going to the well of the chamber , Mr. Panetta demanded the costs be fully counted . 
In joining MIPS , Control Data follows several competitors in embracing RISC as a new design approach . 
Mr. Evans resigned . 
`` But it has n't increased much relative to other assets . 
It comes real gentle before it pulls . 
A spokesman for Borden Inc. , the nation 's largest milk producer , concedes Goya may be on to something . 
Colgate , which acquired Helena Rubenstein in 1973 , sold the brand seven years later after the brand languished . 
The Soviets also hope to make better use of their considerable expertise in theoretical science , which has helped them win twice as many Nobel science prizes as the Japanese . 
Paribas said it will bid 1,850 francs a share for Navigation Mixte shares that qualify for a full yearly dividend , and 1,800 francs for those created July 1 , which are eligible for partial dividends . 
The Independent Insurance Agents of America says fewer than one of every five California homeowners has earthquake insurance . 
The Fed 's move , however , only proved a stopgap to the pound 's slide and the Fed intervened for a second time at around $ 1.5825 , according to New York traders . 
Still , he says , `` it 's no bad thing '' if all the marketing prods people into putting aside a little more . 
Barbra Streisand made him famous . 
Sales of its Tide detergent soared earlier this year , for example , after P&G introduced a version that includes a bleach safe for all colors and fabrics . 
Israel provided the State Department with a list of recent alleged terrorist incidents attributed to forces controlled by Arafat , but the U.S. said it was n't satisfied that the incidents constituted terrorism . 
Mr. Lorenzo , 49 years old , is reclaiming the job that was his before Mr. Corr signed on . 
The airborne system operates independent of ground-based radar systems , informing pilots of nearby aircraft , Allied-Signal said . 
Procter & Gamble went down 3 1\/2 to 130 , Dow Jones fell 3 1\/2 to 37 1\/2 and Rockwell International dropped 2 1\/8 to 25 . 
Mr. Corry might have to dismember the company more than he wants to . 
Although Coopers has n't been courted by other major accounting firms for a merger , it is benefiting greatly from fallout from the Deloitte-Touche merger . 
DALKON SHIELD CLAIMANTS hope to stop reorganization-plan appeal . 
Some junk-holders are said to be considering legal action against KKR or moves to force SCI TV into bankruptcy court . 
`` How many shares will be around in 1995 ? '' he asked . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. said it will spend $ 20 million to build a factory in Guadalajara , Mexico , to make telephone answering machines . 
Others grab books , records , photo albums , sofas and chairs , working frantically in the fear that an aftershock will jolt the house again . 
The land available for housing construction stands at about 46.2 square meters a person -- 18 % lower than in Taiwan and only about half that of Japan . 
Domestic demand continues to grow , but its contribution to higher production was sapped in September by the estimated 2 % fall in imports , accompanied by a growing tendency for Japanese manufacturers to build vehicles overseas , according to the association . 
While most American employees have their own private space , Japanese `` salarymen '' usually share large , common tables and rely heavily on old-fashioned personal contact . 
I 'm not sure cross-ownership would necessarily make things smoother . '' 
Indeed , it looked more like a pawn , a `` tall pawn , '' as spectators snidely put it . 
The jewelry chain , which is based in Sacramento , Calif. , had revenue of $ 62 million and operating profit of $ 2.5 million for the year ended June 30 . 
The Santa Fe Pacific spokesman declined to comment on that aspect , saying the deal was still under negotiation . 
Polaroid Corp. 's patent-infringement damages case against Eastman Kodak Co. , one of the highest stakes corporate trials ever , is getting scant attention on Wall Street . 
Since then , Moon 's organization has inaugurated a pair of high-quality glossy opinion magazines , The World and I and Insight , which are a further drain . 
WYSE TECHNOLOGY INC. , San Jose , maker of video display terminals and workstations and IBM\/PC compatible computers , annual sales of $ 452 million , slight structural damage at headquarters , no injuries , expects to be back to full operation today . 
Among other concerns , the agency says researchers with business ties are more likely to falsify findings in order to tout new drugs . 
`` The people who suffer in the short run are defendants , but the people who suffer in the long run are all of the people , because there wo n't be a vigorous private bar to defend the Bill of Rights , '' says Gerald Lefcourt , a criminal defense attorney who says he has turned down a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures . 
It said it filed an action of its own in federal court in San Jose , Calif. , seeking a declaration that Quickview 's claims are invalid . 
Enforcers ca n't put charities out of business simply because they spend the lion 's share of their income on fund raising . 
Some state middlemen come to buy from me . 
There is plenty of work to be done on what we have . 
Everyone falls in love with everyone else . 
Nippon Air Brake Co . ( Japan ) -- 140 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi Bank ( Switzerland ) . 
The company also said it continues to explore all options concerning the possible sale of National Aluminum 's 54.5 % stake in an aluminum smelter in Hawesville , Ky . 
One airline executive , who declined to be identified , called the loss `` amazing . '' 
Much of the excess spending will be pushed into fiscal 1991 , and in some cases is temporarily parked in slow-spending accounts in anticipation of being transferred to faster-spending areas after the budget scorekeeping is completed . 
Ford Aerospace & Communications Corp. , a unit of Ford Motor Co. , was awarded a $ 15.9 million Air Force contract for computer improvements . 
Warner , in its court filings , calls it `` a piece of fiction created for this litigation . '' 
The company said it hopes to resume its schedule of regular quarterly dividends at the end of this year . 
Chip 's Memory Is Here Today , Here Tomorrow 
The procedure involves encasing the concrete columns with steel , then connecting them more securely to the double-decker roadbed . 
South Korea 's President Roh addressed a joint House-Senate meeting and urged patience over U.S. demands for the opening of Seoul 's markets to more American goods , saying trade issues would be `` resolved to mutual satisfaction . '' 
-- Grace periods ranging from two to five years before the full scope of the penalties takes effect . 
The Justice Department alleges that the company `` engaged in various forms of misrepresentation '' with the goal of reducing the appraised value of employees ' homes . 
On the hungry streets of Naguib Mahfouz 's Cairo , life is nasty , brutish and wickedly entertaining . 
And resorts are adding other amenities , such as pricey restaurants , health spas and vacation packages with a twist . 
But , `` You never can tell , '' he added , `` you have to take advantage of opportunities . 
Despite the dollar 's lackluster performance , some foreign-exchange traders maintain that the U.S. unit remains relatively well bid . 
`` Insurance companies will offer a good rate if no one is sick , but it 's a roll of the dice , '' says Rosemary Heinhold of the Small Business Service Bureau , a group representing 35,000 small businesses nationwide . 
Of course , simply buying computers does n't always solve problems , and many American companies have erred by purchasing technology they did n't understand . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Step 1 cleans up our books . 
Senator Daniel Inouye agreed to close some bases in Hawaii in exchange for such goodies as $ 11 million for a parking lot at Walter Reed Hospital . 
These statesmen might take counsel from William Robinson , author of `` The English Flower Garden '' -- the gardener 's bible since 1883 -- who seems to have had a Jennifer Bartlett in mind when he wrote : `` Unhappily , our gardeners for ages have suffered at the hands of the decorative artist when applying his ` designs ' to the garden ... . 
Money-fund yields tend to lag interestrate trends as portfolio managers adjust the maturities of their investments -- short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and the like -- to capture the highest yields . 
The Packwood proposal would reduce the tax depending on how long an asset was held . 
Mr. Laband gives us an idea why economists ' predictions are usually wrong . 
When Rune Andersson set out to revive flagging Swedish conglomerate Trelleborg AB in the early 1980s , he spurned the advice of trendy management consultants . 
We should also concede that in the British experience the monetarist cause regains some of the credibility it lost in the U.S. experience . 
By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors , they found defects in the second copy of chromosome 13 in the exact area as in the first copy of the chromosome . 
Thus , you do the public a great disservice when Mr. Greve suggests , even facetiously , that the Clean Water Act prohibits the preparation of a scotch and water ; your tippling readers may be led to believe that nothing but chance or oversight protects them , as they cower in the night with their scotch and waters , from the hairyknuckled knock of the Sierra Club at their doors . 
Mr. Kravis apparently thinks SCI TV can survive if lenders extend its debt payments until TV stations rise in value again , allowing SCI TV to sell assets to pay debt . 
Investment bankers and retailers said the turmoil on Wall Street may benefit managers who plan to bid for U.S. retailing units of the British firm because takeover prices may not be as high as before the recent correction . 
Revenue doubled from two years ago . 
With all the votes counted , a government spokesman said Prime Minister Gonzalez 's party won 176 seats in the 350-seat Cortes , or lower house of parliament . 
The U.S. unit also firmed against other currencies on the back of sterling 's tumble , as market participants switched out of pounds . 
It was forced into liquidation before trial when investors yanked their funds after the government demanded a huge pre-trial asset forfeiture . 
Hiroshima last week held an auction to pick the contractor , expecting to pay about 11 million yen for the project . 
Asked whether there is anything Congress should do to curb the LBO boom , Mr. Brady responded , `` I think the LBO phenomenon , ( while ) it wo n't stop completely , will be a thing of the past . '' 
That is due mostly to payments from Allianz for most of the 50 % stake it has agreed to acquire in Navigation Mixte 's insurance business . 
`` A lot of this stuff really is in untested waters , '' says Owen Carney , director of the investment securities division of the U.S. comptroller of the currency . 
The program-trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading . 
After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in . 
For years , the canceled checks of a small number of well-known baseball players have been bought and sold . 
Put option on Dec. 31 , 1991 , at an indicated 107 7\/8 to yield 3.84 % . 
The panels are like oversized semiconductors surfaced with a million or more picture elements , each contributing to the color and tone of a TV image . 
Still , some lawyers say the mergers slowdown has n't affected foreign buyers as much as domestic ones . 
European portion of $ 700 million via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd . 
In a telephone interview , Robert Thomson , TCI senior vice president , said Showtime 's suit against HBO `` does n't involve us , and nothing we 're doing here bears any relationship to that . '' 
The lawyers went to work anyway , duly noting that the proceeding was taking place during a major earthquake . 
Mr. Miller repeated that in the next six months he plans to sell another $ 200 million to $ 300 million of assets to repay debt and reduce interest costs at Wang , a minincomputer maker in Lowell , Mass . 
The sale , expected to close before the end of the year , also includes a manufacturing plant in Franklin Park , Ill . 
The Oakland grocery retailer , closely held since a $ 4.2 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 , said profit for the three months ended Sept. 9 was $ 7.1 million , compared with $ 23 million a year earlier . 
Jefferies , a Los Angeles holding company primarily engaged in securities trading , also said stock market declines since the quarter ended Sept. 30 created an unrealized pretax loss of about $ 6 million in its risk arbitrage account . 
`` They 're the best production talent around , '' says Brian De Palma , beholden to Guber Peters for hiring him to direct the Warner movie of Tom Wolfe 's novel `` Bonfire of the Vanities . '' 
Some like to specialize in growth companies whose shares have n't traded publicly very long . 
The other , called the Solo , is battery operated and is the first high-performance radar detector that does n't need a power cord , the company said . 
While the State Department positions itself for the post-Barre period in Somalia , it should continue to back former President Carter 's well-intentioned role as a mediator between Mr. Mengistu and the Eritrean guerrillas in Ethiopia , while concomitantly opening up channels of communications with the Tigrean rebels through neighboring Sudan . 
In contrast , dashboard computers , power seats and turbo-charged engines had little appeal . 
Open it and two soulful eyes on a boy 's brown face peer out from the page , pleadingly . 
Shaw-Walker , based in Muskegon , Mich. , makes metal files and desks , and seating and office systems furniture . 
NATO defense ministers opened a two-day meeting in Portugal to assess the alliance 's nuclear-weapons needs amid reduced East-West tensions . 
Seats currently are quoted at $ 361,000 bid , $ 395,000 asked . 
At the time , Genentech had only one profitable year behind it ( a modest $ 116,000 on revenue of $ 2.6 million in 1979 ) and no product of its own on the market . 
Critics have complained that the law unfairly strips defendants of assets before a jury determines they have committed a crime and that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can ruin corporate defendants or force them into unfavorable plea bargains . 
The latest period includes net gains of $ 32 million in non-recurring credits from the sale of properties , indicating operating losses for the quarter in the oil and gas division . 
Meanwhile , Japanese bankers said they were still hesitant about accepting Citicorp 's latest proposal . 
`` It was just before the Christmas holidays , and I figured we could use some extra cash . '' 
All architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work , says John Burgee , whose New York firm is designing the redevelopment of Times Square , `` but we ca n't all carry it to that extreme . '' 
However , he only received federal clearance to buy more than $ 15 million of the stock on Sept. 20 , when the price rose $ 2 a share to $ 78.50 . 
Major European auction houses are turning increasingly to specialized sales . 
The directors would be able to sell particular assets to enable such buyers as the regional Bell operating companies to purchase the company 's interests . 
Silver Spring , Md . 
South African gold stocks closed moderately lower . 
In the past , however , Coke has typically taken a minority stake in such ventures . 
Compaq Computer Corp. said that its net income rose 51 % in the third quarter , bolstered by unusual gains from its investment in a disk-drive maker and reflecting continued growth in its European operations . 
The strain was discovered by Morinaga & Co. and licensed to Gustafson , a unit of Uniroyal Chemical Co . 
It is an intentionally vague document that will create a wave of litigation . 
Today is the debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association , a new eight-team pro sports circuit , modeled after the highly successful senior tennis and golf tours and complete with good salaries , a cable television contract and even expansion plans . 
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . '' 
`` It 's the idea that what goes in easy can come out easy '' -- so that bouts of higher volatility get built into the stock market . 
The benchmark No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at a price of 95.39 , off 0.28 . 
The tentative settlement between Gulf Power , a Pensacola , Fla. , electric company , and federal prosecutors would mark the end of one part of a wide-ranging inquiry of Southern Co. in the past year . 
Yet they do n't disparage their audiences by disparaging their act . 
`` The next level down did doors . 
Even while they move outside their traditional tony circle , racehorse owners still try to capitalize on the elan of the sport . 
A half-hour later , the woman is smiling and chatting ; the demon seems to have gone . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. is the underwriter . 
It falls to others to do the writing , directing and producing . 
Both men were also relieved of their duties yesterday . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Green said he had boosted his holdings in Bancroft common to 10.4 % from 8.5 % , and renewed an offer he made in March to acquire the fund . 
Intel told analysts that the company will resume shipments of the chips within two to three weeks . 
An estimated 10 million Americans are now using financial planners , and the pool of capital they influence is enormous . 
But congressional Democrats have blocked the same from occurring at the federal level , with the exception of a 1988 law allowing capital punishment for certain drug-related homicides . 
It valued the transaction at $ 800 million . 
But the people familiar with the talks said that Warner is n't expected to get any cash in the settlement . 
The Northern California earthquake and Hurricane Hugo are likely to temporarily damp sales growth in the West and South Carolina . 
Mr. Chan achieved a breakthrough in 1987 -- and became a minor celebrity again -- when his story was published in a weekly newspaper . 
Other countries , including West Germany , may have a hard time justifying continued membership . 
But the Warner executives in their affidavits deny ever telling the producers they could get out of their written contract . 
As of Sept. 30 , Mercury 's assets were $ 2.25 billion , down from $ 2.62 billion a year ago . 
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being . 
So the Federal Reserve is an attractive target for complaint by politicians . 
The Federal National Mortgage Association offered $ 1.2 billion of Remic securities in three issues , and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. offered a $ 250 million Remic backed by 9 % 15-year securities . 
Sales rose 2.6 % to $ 1.32 billion from $ 1.29 billion . 
Democrats had been negotiating with some Republican congressional leaders on a compromise lately . 
It lets victims elect to deduct casualty losses on either 1989 or amended 1988 returns , whichever offers the larger tax benefit ; they have until April 16 to choose . 
Also , debt holders would be offered an equity position in Leaseway , which in total would represent a controlling interest in the company . 
Congress is unlikely to go even that far . 
Apogee was quoted in the over-the-counter market yesterday at $ 2 bid . 
In addition , cost increases related to fixed-price defense contracts and a $ 10 million charge to reduce the work force of Texas Instruments ' defense-electronics division also reduced net . 
But record industry executives familiar with the talks said Mr. Azoff and Warner came to an agreement yesterday to form a 50-50 joint-venture company funded by Warner and run by Mr. Azoff . 
Congress sent to Bush a $ 2.85 billion emergency package to assist in the recovery from last week 's California earthquake and from Hurricane Hugo . 
The two developments leave the airline with several problems , including an unsettled labor situation . 
At the moment , Nomura is the only Japanese institution authorized to act as a primary seller of Fannie Mae instruments . 
`` A key part of the question is , how soon does this disk-drive come and how soon does production ramp up ? '' said Steve Cohen at SoundView Financial Group . 
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded . 
For Republicans who began this campaign with such high hopes , all of this is deeply frustrating . 
Their verdict on real estate is almost the same . 
Pemex , which produces 40 % of government revenue , desperately needs new investment . 
Unless the government suddenly reverses course , wages for most workers wo n't keep pace with inflation , creating a potential source of urban unrest . 
Personal spending grew 0.2 % in September to a $ 3.526 trillion annual rate , the Commerce Department said . 
CBS News is also re-enacting the 1979 Three Mile Island nuclear accident in Middletown , Pa. , with something less than a cast of thousands . 
`` You could buy at the bid and sell at the offer and make a fortune , '' he marveled . 
Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting , socially awkward individuals with shirt-pocket liners for their pencils and a preoccupation with computers and matters numerical . 
Even as Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. scrambled to line up bank financing for a revised version of the lapsed labor-management bid , British Airways , a 15 % partner in the buying group , indicated it wants to start from scratch . 
My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking . 
Business in the nation 's fourth-largest metropolitan region was nearly paralyzed ; an estimated one million members of the work force stayed at home . 
But just down Seventh Avenue , where about 75 % of U.S. fur garments are made , Larry Rosen has acquired two retail outlets , broadened his fur-making line and expanded into leather . 
Sanjay Joshi , European economist at Baring Brothers & Co. , said there is no sign that Britain 's manufacturing industry is transforming itself to boost exports . 
Regular TV series ratings have slumped in the past five years , and premiering new shows is `` a crap shoot , '' Mr. Pilson says . 
After the government lawsuit was filed against Lincoln , Sen. DeConcini returned the campaign contributions . 
But though a weakening economy implies reduced demand , Mr. Kaiser said that Third World copper-producing countries have n't any choice but to sell copper . 
In addition , analysts have viewed the rights offering as a takeover defense that prospectively balloons the number of shares outstanding . 
But those represent long-term strategies that probably wo n't succeed quickly , even if they turn out to be the right ones . 
Mr. Pearce set up GM 's first in-house litigation group in May with four lawyers , all former assistant U.S. attorneys with extensive trial experience . 
Besides rotten prices , he has been hit recently by hail , a bark-nibbling horde of mice , fungi and bugs . 
On Tuesday it approved Senator Bob Dole 's proposed commemorative resolution designating April 24 , 1990 , as the `` National Day of Remembrance of the 75th Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923 , '' suffered at the hands of the warring Ottoman Empire . 
The tender offer for Gen-Probe 's shares is expected to begin next Monday , the company said . 
`` We are the Golden State , '' Mr. Fazio said , `` and there is a certain amount of jealousy . '' 
Other investors have lost millions in partnerships that bought thoroughbred racehorses or stallion breeding rights . 
Nearly one-fourth of participants age 60 and older claim brand loyalty for more than 10 of the 25 products in the survey ; only 9 % of those age 18 to 29 have such strong allegiance . 
Most foreign government bonds markets were quiet . 
In recent weeks , airlines have cut numerous fares in leisure markets to try to win back customers . 
After a few weeks in seclusion , Mr. Mack opened a consulting firm , but not to enable him to directly lobby ; that would require him to disclose his clients by registering as a lobbyist . 
` Frequent Drinker ' Offer Stirs Up Spirited Debate 
a four-part , $ 71 million issue of secured equipment certificates priced through Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
That 's a good sign when profits are stable during a time revenue is in the trough . 
Extensions ca n't be granted for filing employment-tax returns due Oct. 31 or for depositing withheld taxes , but late penalties will be abated for deposits made by Nov. 15 . 
Pharmaceuticals made across-the-board advances . 
Last week a closely held New Jersey concern , Papetti High-Grade Egg Products Co. , rolled out an aseptically packaged liquefied item called Table Ready . 
In the Marina District , residents spent yesterday assessing damage , cleaning up and trying to find friends and neighbors . 
Oh yes , the Atlantic was also pushed back 300 yards . 
Corporate Issues 
People also should n't invest money in stocks that they 'll need in the near future -- for example , for college tuition payments or retirement expenses . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
The Machinists rejected a proposal featuring a 10 % base wage increase over the life of the three-year contract , plus bonuses of 8 % the first year and 3 % the second . 
`` We were concerned that they were n't going to generate enough cash for capital spending and also to pay down debt , '' says a big investor in high-yield debt . 
The sell-off in New York City bonds was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainty in view of the impending mayoral election . 
A big pension-insurance case will be reviewed by the Supreme Court . 
Large Digital buyers say the new VAX will let them stay with Digital when they need the power of a mainframe , instead of turning to IBM . 
Japan is not a political country . 
It is also a partner in the wireline cellular franchise covering most of western New Mexico . 
But at a meeting last week , Tom Donovan , the Board of Trade 's president , told commodity lawyers : `` Dual trading is definitely worth saving . 
Nekoosa 's poison pill allows shareholders to vote to rescind it , but Georgia-Pacific is n't likely to pursue such a course immediately because that would take 90 to 120 days , and would n't affect the provisions of the Maine law . 
`` I think it 's more an issue of style . 
Thus we have a condition that is easily described as undemocratic . 
Royal , which makes and distributes business forms , owns an 8 % stake in Realist . 
And White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said the deficit was `` an unwelcome increase , '' adding that `` we 're hopeful that it simply is a one-month situation and will turn around . '' 
In its second quarter last year , Western Digital earned $ 12.7 million , or 44 cents a share , on sales of $ 258.4 million . 
Motorola is fighting back against junk mail . 
Now the best of them age as gracefully as Grannies , the industry 's gold standard for storability . 
After a four-year , $ 7.7 billion acquisition binge that brought a major soft-drink company , soda bottlers , a fast-food chain and an overseas snack-food giant to Pepsi , Mr. Calloway said he does n't expect any major acquisition in the next year or so . 
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack . 
The sale is likely to fuel concern about growing Japanese investment in U.S. biotechnology firms . 
Lack of important , needed information can cause fear . 
Wall Street is understandably skeptical . 
`` Maybe this will jolt us out of the post-Vietnam syndrome that we never are prepared to use force , '' he says . 
But he knows that as many as 20 of his fellow Democrats are disposed to vote for the cut , popular among their constituents . 
Indeed , Joe Nacchio , AT&T 's vice president for business-communications services , said AT&T offered a similar Tariff 15 discount to Resort Condominium International , of Indianapolis , to meet another MCI bid . 
Sales rose 13 % to $ 1.91 billion from $ 1.69 billion . 
I 'm sure he still wants AMR . '' 
`` When I first got a glimpse at the witness list , I could n't believe that they were going to go ahead and do this , '' says Michael Waldman , director of Congress Watch , a consumer group . 
Many marketers say Philip Morris 's approach will be effective , but they agree that the ads ' implied smoking message is unmistakable . 
`` But it will definitely boost Next 's sales . '' 
McDonald 's has long-term debt equaling 91 % of shareholder equity currently , but Mr. Kerschner said the company is carrying real estate assets at about $ 2.6 billion below their real value . 
This puts upon enforcers the burden of proving outright fraud or misrepresentation , and such actions have been brought against hundreds of charities recently . 
That 's particularly true , analysts say , for certain of the securities , such as those backed by time-share loans . 
You had to have been blind not to see the scenario there for what it was and is and will continue to be for months and even years -- a part of South Carolina that has sustained a blow that the Red Cross expects will cost that organization alone some $ 38 million . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 74 days ; 8.30 % 75 to 99 days ; 7.75 % 100 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Merrill 's index arbitragers will continue to do other kinds of computer-assisted program trading , so there probably wo n't be any layoffs at the firm , people familiar with Merrill 's program operation said . 
ONEZIE : 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.42 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note widened 0.03 percentage point to 1.48 . 
Guests bring movies on tape , and show their favorite three-to-five minute segments on the screen that unrolls from the ceiling of the Volokhs ' art-nouveau library ( `` the pleasure dome '' ) . 
Pearl Group rose 5 to 628 , and Sun Life finished unchanged at # 10.98 . 
Intermec , a maker of optical character-recognition devices , also reported higher third-quarter earnings . 
Lawrence Insurance also sold 3.2 million of its shares for $ 7.125 each to its parent , Lawrence Group Inc . 
Columbia , S.C . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
The issue came to a head last year , officials recalled , partly because the Reagan administration had sought unsuccessfully to win committee approval of funding for new Panama coup efforts . 
Some employers initiate referrals , especially if work problems threaten a top manager 's job . 
General Motors continued to be hardest hit . 
The company also makes optical character recognition equipment . 
Profits of franchisees have n't been higher since the mid-1970s , he adds . 
`` We worry about her out there , '' Cynthia says . 
Officials of Pittsburgh-based H.H. Robertson , which makes steel roofs , store fronts and building parts , declined comment . 
Italy 's wholesale price index rose 0.4 % in August from July and was up 6.1 % from a year earlier , the state statistical institute reported . 
This will be his return on an original investment of between 50 million Swiss francs and 80 million Swiss francs . 
Safeway Stores Inc. reported a 69 % decline in profit for the fiscal third quarter , but said operating improvements were masked by unusual gains in the year-earlier period . 
Serial bonds were priced to yield to 6.80 % in 1999 . 
The cumulative total in 1989 was 12,283,217 tons , up 7.5 % from 11,429,243 tons a year earlier . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % two months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % six months . 
Sales increased 5.5 % to $ 9.81 billion from $ 9.3 billion . 
In addition , the fall selling season has generally been a good one , especially for those retailers dependent on apparel sales for the majority of their revenues . 
Dr. Marston , 66 years old , succeeds Alexander T. Daignault , 72 , who did n't stand for re-election due to mandatory board retirement policy . 
No one has to accept the sins of the Ottoman Empire to reject that argument . 
The first five leased units were to be delivered in 1991 . 
Concerning your Sept. 29 article `` Retailers Face Cutbacks , Uncertain Future '' : The outcome of our leveraged buyout is looking very positive . 
Kurt Kruger , who follows the stock for Hambrecht & Quist , anticipates that the company 's net income will grow 51 % to $ 2.15 a share this year . 
Prevented by the Communist Party from getting on its slate of nominees for the new Supreme Soviet , he stood as an independent candidate for Congress from his native Ukraine and won with 84 % of the vote . 
That railroad is operating trains but with delays caused by employees unable to get to work . 
In short , throw away the passbook and go for the glory . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367 an ounce , down 30 cents . 
He 's totally geared to a punitive position . '' 
`` We have not made that decision '' to seek a Jaguar special shareholders ' meeting , said Martyn Watkins , a Ford spokesman in London . 
The resolution also comes at a time when Turkey has been seeking help from the United States in resolving its Bulgarian emigration controversy and pursuing democratic reforms that may lead to membership in the European Community . 
But according to some Big Board traders , an organized campaign from exchange-listed companies might make the exchange finally consider big changes . 
With a five-year defense plan costing more than $ 1.6 trillion , it 's about time we put together a defense strategy that works in Washington . 
He added : `` I expect to see the earnings momentum we experienced this quarter continue for the rest of the year . '' 
`` Two or three years ago , the problem was that people did n't understand the prepayment risk , '' says Nomura 's Mr. Kato . 
Wall Street is n't avoiding everything connected with paper . 
The project is one of a select group of public projects opened to U.S. firms under a U.S.-Japan construction trade agreement reached last year . 
He then made most of the changes , pilots say . 
Traditionally , boiler rooms operate on the cheap , since few , if any , customers ever visit their offices . 
Like Peter Sellars , Ms. Bogart manipulates her actors as if they were rag dolls , sprawling them on staircases , dangling them off tables , even hanging them from precipices while having them perform some gymnastic feats of derring-do . 
Both of these actions are n't characteristic of real Hells Angels , Mr. Christie said . 
But Mr. Redmond said the worm hit universities that had n't elected to make the changes . 
`` It 's hard to know right now if the change is fundamental or cyclical . '' 
Air & Water , which provides environmental services and systems , paid about 1.4 million of its shares for Falcon . 
London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation . 
Former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick , in a CNN `` Capital Gang '' discussion Oct. 7 of House action on federal catastrophic-illness insurance : 
Mr. Cornell says : `` The junk market is no bonanza as Drexel claimed , but it also is n't a disaster as the doomsayers say . '' 
Elaborating on the exception , it said volume and margins were lower in semiconductor and power systems operations . 
`` It would be difficult to see how a car company can be owned by a collective , '' Sir John said . 
Manville ( NYSE ; Symbol : MVL ) 
First Security Corp. said it tentatively agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp. for stock valued at about $ 18 million . 
GE 's Power Generation subsidiary will operate and maintain the plant upon its completion . 
Woodstream 's Victor-brand mousetraps and other pest-control products are `` doing very well , '' and its plastic storage-case products `` are poised for growth , '' he said . 
Ms. Garratt 's assets and liabilities were n't disclosed . 
The latest drop shows the narrowing in the nation 's trade gap reflected in successive full monthly reports is continuing . 
Showtime is a distant No. 2 to Home Box Office , and in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit against Time Warner , charging the company and its HBO and American Television cable units with conspiring to monopolize the pay TV business . 
European dealers continued to dominate the action in old masters , which Sotheby 's North America had lately been touting in this country . 
Chairman 
Asarco also reported third-quarter net income rose 14 % , to $ 52.7 million , or $ 1.25 a share , from a restated $ 46.2 million , or $ 1.10 a share , a year earlier . 
Fed officials appear reluctant to ease their credit grip any further because a bold move does n't appear necessary , several investment managers said . 
Oddly , though , on the very same page you printed a comment that addresses one of the most serious shortcomings of the American education system . 
They could attract one-issue voters by adopting the right-to-life movement 's strongest position , even as pro-choice Republicans knew this mattered little on an issue monopolized by the court . 
`` We 're in the process of discussing an amended plan with the creditors and anticipate filing that amended plan shortly , '' Mr. Lorenzo told reporters . 
Ashland Oil 
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain-resistant products with higher quality dyes . 
`` There are no price wars , no competition . '' 
To be introduced later are a multiplexer , which will allow several signals to travel along a single optical line ; a light-wave system , which carries voice channels ; and a network controller , which directs data flow through cross-connect systems . 
No payments would be made this year , but beginning in fiscal 1991 , the bill commits the government to annual payments of as much as $ 500 million until the total liability of $ 1.25 billion is met . 
Last year 's net loss of $ 3,524,000 included a benefit of $ 1,640,000 from an accounting change . 
For the past couple of years , Westmoreland has undertaken an aggressive streamlining of all aspects of its business . 
The yield is offered across a range of maturities at San Francisco 's BankAmerica Corp. and Wells Fargo & Co . 
Freddie Mac for years has offered a so-called participation certificate that guarantees it wo n't be prepaid for a set number of years and offers semiannual payments . 
Enron Corp. said a subsidiary and two United Kingdom firms are studying the feasibility of constructing a 1,500 megawatt gas-fired power plant in northern England as an outgrowth of the government 's privatization program . 
Because of tax-loss carry-forward , Leucadia said it expects to escape taxes on `` a substantial portion of the gain . '' 
Declines came because of concern that demand for copper may slow down . 
The successes achieved at Federal Express , Union Carbide and Grumman suggest that managing speed may be an underutilized source of competitive advantage . 
The government 's assertions of the cover-up were made in last minute pretrial motions . 
Storm flooding caused back-ups on the freeway , and many commuters had to find rides to BART 's stations , because parking lots were full before dawn . 
Prudential-Bache Securities analyst Leslie Steppel said reduced labor costs helped boost margins , although she doubted `` that kind of performance is sustainable . '' 
At times , salesmen may embellish the inside information with `` the notion that this is some slightly shady , slightly illegal investment the person is being included in , '' says Mr. Cunningham . 
Liz Claiborne Inc. , New York , said its third-quarter net income jumped 62 % , citing continued strength in apparel sales and the start of shipments of its new product lines : a men 's fragrance , large-size women 's apparel and casual knitwear . 
After declining about 41 % last week , UAL advanced 9 7\/8 to 178 3\/8 on 1.1 million shares on anticipation of a revised takeover offer from a labor-management group for the parent company of United Airlines . 
The TVS spokesman said Mr. Price still holds about an 8 % TVS stake , acquired as part of the MTM acquisition . 
They are stressing that the best way for the West to help the East is to move faster towards Western European economic and monetary unity . 
Rochester Telephone Corp. said it completed its purchase of Urban Telephone Corp. , of Clintonville , Wis. , the second-largest unaffiliated independent telephone company in that state . 
The Orange Workers speak sincerely . 
Today , we know that the accumulation of several of these altered genes can initiate a cancer and , then , propel it into a deadly state . '' 
Undeterred , D.T. 's handlers vowed to press on . 
In over-the-counter national trading , Bowater Inc. jumped $ 1.50 to $ 27.50 . 
International Paper and Weyerhaeuser declined to comment . 
But ad executives who negotiated the deal say that works out to only $ 275,000 for a 30-second ad in the World Series through 1993 -- 17 % less than what ABC is charging for the Series this month . 
House and Senate appropriators sought to establish a Nov. 30 deadline after which their bill would become the last word on how funds are distributed . 
Ideally , investment bankers say , he wants to get backing from a Japanese department store and a European department store to forge a global retailing network . 
Loans for as long as five years make the cars very accessible , with monthly payments as low as 80,000 won , or $ 120 . 
But such skills were alien to Toni Johnson . 
American Medical International N.V. : Guaranteed Euroissues to Ba3 from Baa2 . 
He was able to slash the price of the company 's least expensive mountain bike to $ 279 from $ 750 in 
Still , the restaurant 's ever-changing menu of five-course dinners -- it supposedly has n't repeated a meal since opening in 1971 -- requires constant improvisation . 
Charles A. Pearce , 66 years old , will retire from his post as chief executive officer of this bank holding company effective Dec. 31 . 
It 's a nuisance tax on mergers . 
Chrysler Corp. also hit the rocks in mid-October . 
Muni bond holders are worried about the impact of a slowing economy on tax revenue , at a time when many state and local governments already face budget deficits and huge spending needs . 
Such is the fiber of the wool that woolly intellectuals let fly at gatherings of Harvard University 's new Society of Nerds and Geeks , or SONG . 
The October short interest represents 1.04 days of average daily trading volume in the smaller stocks in the system for the reporting period , compared with 0.94 day a month ago . 
Moreover , both men have hewn to a similar hard-line philosophy . 
Yesterday 's bond sale was part of a $ 6.7 billion refinancing plan to pay off high-interest debt the TVA owes the Federal Financing Bank , an arm of the Treasury . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
The idea for Movieline actually was dreamed up by an old friend of the Volokhs , Boris Krutchensky ( who has the title of co-publisher ) , and Laurie Halpern Smith , now the magazine 's co-editor . 
`` We were just surprised , '' says Tad Inada , NASDA 's director for international affairs . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.63 , up 0.25 ; spot index 129.84 , off 0.25 . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Most recently he had been executive vice president for planning and finance at Texas Air . 
Revenue of $ 1.73 billion was almost unchanged from last year 's $ 1.72 billion . 
In addition , the executives said IBM will be offering programming tools designed to let anyone working on a factory floor write ad-hoc software , for instance , to do statistical analysis that would pinpoint a problem on a manufacturing line . 
The 80-point decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average during the morning trading session touched off a flight to safety that saw investors shifting assets from stocks to Treasury bonds . 
Yesterday 's buyers favored real estate , construction and other large-capitalization issues , reflecting the fact that many Tokyo investors now feel safer with domestically oriented stocks , analysts said . 
Soaring rights fees will lead to an even greater clutter of commercials . 
Mr. Schwartz is a business executive and writer in New York . 
Everyone is very nice and good-looking -- the adoptive parents ( Glenn Close and James Woods ) and the teen-age couple who decide to give up their baby for adoption ( Mary Stuart Masterson and Kevin Dillon ) . 
The Canadian dollar climbed to its highest level against the U.S. dollar since late August , prompting the Bank of Canada to sell the Canadian currency on the market . 
The Fed said the Comptroller of the Currency is expected to begin a Community Reinvestment Act examination of First Union 's Florida and North Carolina banking units in the next two weeks . 
The largest sale in the competitive arena was a $ 55.7 million issue of school financing bonds from the Virginia Public School Authority . 
The Garcias were cleared of four other felony counts , involving the receipt of bribes and gratuities . 
`` We can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , '' Anheuser said , adding it will take `` appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long-term market share growth strategy '' for the premium brands . 
CAROLG : 
In addition to not needing an outside power source , they are potentially cheaper to make because they require fewer manufacturing steps than conventional chips . 
Although IBM last year produced its first strong results in four years and was expected to continue to roll this year , it began faltering as early as January . 
`` There 's more and more of this cash-up-front going on at every level , '' says Bruce Miller , president of Art Funding Corp. , an art lender . 
But Mr. Wathen 's team still must pay down about $ 82 million of long-term bank debt from the acquisition within the next four years . 
The study covered 11 major U.S. attorneys ' offices -- including those in Manhattan and Brooklyn , N.Y. , and New Jersey -- from 1980 to 1987 . 
`` Do n't say it 's a gold ceiling . 
The park is slated to open in 1992 . 
But Congress and the president accept no responsibility for the exercise of the power they have given the Fed . 
Continental Airlines is a unit of Texas Air Corp . 
After various adjustments , they produced a 0.5 % rise in the index for August and a 0.2 % rise for September . 
The offer , set to expire Nov. 1 , may be extended pending the timing and resolution of the FTC request , the companies said . 
A shiny new takeover deal sparked a big rally in stock prices , which buoyed the dollar . 
-- The U.S.S.R. has taken unprecedented unilateral measures of openness , by giving American representatives a possibility to inspect the building site of the Krasnoyarsk radar as well as radar vans in the areas of Gomel and Moscow , so as to see for themselves that there are no violations of the ABM treaty of 1972 on the part of the Soviet Union . 
Prosecutors in Southern Florida indicted five Panamanians on charges of illegally running arms to Sandinista rebels trying to overthrow the Nicaraguan government of Mr. Somoza . 
Her idea : bring in live zoo animals . 
That ship , which would carry about 2,050 passengers , would expand the capacity of Carnival 's existing 14-ship fleet by 24 % . 
The stocks have been pummeled repeatedly by inventory gluts and disappointing earnings as the industry matures and slows . 
As an alternative , he said , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index . 
Of course , it does n't hurt that Mr. Kloves has made up for his lack of experience behind the camera with technicians who know exactly what they 're doing . 
Another provision clarifies certain limits on when prosecutors may use tax-fraud charges as a basis for bringing a racketeering case . 
By his own account , Mr. Dozen did n't do much better with U.S. bonds . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
But Smith Barney 's Mr. Doyle , who yesterday trimmed his 1990 Anheuser earnings projection to $ 2.95 a share from $ 3.10 , called the market 's reaction `` justified . '' 
So far this year , the index of leading indicators has risen in four months , fallen in four months and remained unchanged in the other month . 
`` The problem is , if people get down in the dumps , they stop selling , '' says Mike Durcan , a laid-off sales manager in Wang 's Austin office . 
Even the Soviet Union has Peter the Great to rediscover , should it choose to . 
His company , Misa Manufacturing Inc. , was forced to seek protection from creditors under federal bankruptcy law in 1987 and has since been liquidated . 
Keith A. Tucker was named a director of this insurance and financial services concern . 
Two years of coddling , down the drain . 
Bond Corp. , a brewing , property , media and resources concern controlled by financier Alan Bond , is selling many of its assets to reduce an A$ 6.9 billion debt . 
Officials of the Big Three auto makers and 14 petroleum companies said they are setting out to find the most cost-effective fuel for reducing cities ' air-pollution problems , with no bias toward any fuel in particular . 
Another active FT-SE 100 stock was clothing and furniture retailer Burton , which gained 6 to 196 . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Mesa closed at $ 7.25 , up 25 cents . 
The art collection might have come to rival the Medicis ' had the Florida comptroller 's office not got wind of Mr. Paul 's aesthetic adventure . 
Long lines of people waited to buy special souvenir World Series postcards with official postmarks . 
Ford , on the other hand , has said it 's willing to bid for all of Jaguar , despite the objections of Jaguar chairman Sir John Egan . 
CAE is a Toronto-based maker of commercial and military aircraft simulators and training equipment . 
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game . 
Codifying those sanctions could prompt Chinese retaliation . 
Details of the commercial , which will be part of the brand 's 1990 advertising campaign , were n't disclosed . 
Futures , he says , merely cut down on trading costs . 
Sales dipped 3.6 % to $ 3.92 billion from $ 4.07 billion . 
He now calls himself an `` investment banker . '' 
In recent years , for example , Grand Metropolitan PLC of Britain acquired Heublein Inc. , while another British company , Guinness PLC , took over United Distillers Group and Schenley Industries Inc . 
While KKR does n't control SCI TV which is unusual for a KKR investment -- it clearly has much deeper pockets than Mr. Gillett . 
The state has endorsed the New England Electric plan , which promises to limit rate increases to 4.8 % annually for seven years . 
But professionals said throughout the day that the shutdown would n't be a cause for alarm even if it were to persist for several days . 
Now it offers richer commissions to lure a broker a week . 
Even the Office of Management and Budget is remembered with an extra $ 1 million to help offset pay costs that other government departments are being asked to absorb . 
In comparing changes in mortality rates over the past decade , the NCI study looked only at blacks and whites . 
The team additionally earns between $ 2 million and $ 4 million for local radio and television broadcast rights . 
The chamber voted 231-191 , 51 votes short of the two-thirds majority needed to overturn the president 's veto of legislation renewing support of Medicaid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape and incest . 
While his company 's hotel is building a retail complex in Beverly Hills style and redoing existing rooms , it has decreased the number of its rooms . 
Advertising rates for The Wall Street Journal\/Europe , published in Brussels and printed in the Netherlands and Switzerland , will increase 9 % . 
The new reports of sluggishness , which were foreshadowed by an earlier Labor Department report that manufacturing payrolls dropped by 105,000 in September , give the Fed another reason to further ease its grip on credit and lower interest rates . 
While no doubt agreeing with Mr. Lawson on everything else , Sir Alan is a dyed-in-the-wool monetarist , inclined to defend floating rates to the death . 
But the market remains uneasy about Mr. Major 's policy strategy and the prospects for the pound , currency analysts contend . 
Mr. Lang feels that Time 's priorities changed . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
That puts the real strategic decisions in the hands of others : bean counters , budgeteers , and pork-barrelers . 
The trade group official added : `` Certainly the federal government should take a hard look at it . '' 
Maidenform Inc. loves to be intimate with its customers , but not with the rest of the public . 
U.S. clearance also is needed for the proposed acquisition . 
Nonperforming loans will make up only about 0.5 % of the combined banks ' total loans outstanding , he said . 
Members find it easy to doctor legislation by slipping in special provisions that could never survive in the cold light of day . 
A major boost to Mr. Rey 's respectability among the Swiss came in 1986 when he sold 60 % of his Phibro Bank to the conservative Swiss cantonal banks . 
Factoring involves the purchase and collection of another company 's receivables . 
The segment now makes up roughly two-thirds of his company 's total sales . 
Output in the energy sector , which can vary greatly with swings in the oil market , rose 3.8 % in August from May but was down 7.1 % from a year earlier . 
Tuesday , the shares regained SKr20 , closing at SKr225 . 
But he says Cane & Associates does n't receive referral fees . 
To hear advertisers tell it , the magazine just has n't kept up with the times . 
Col. North conveyed the request to his superiors and to Assistant Secretary of State Elliot Abrams , who relayed it to Secretary of State George Shultz . 
The immediate target of Rep. Gonzalez 's inquiry is Danny Wall , chairman of the Office of Thrift Supervision . 
But opponents fear overcrowding . 
Here is an excerpt : 
`` Obviously , a diversified portfolio would have less risk , '' the person close to the trust says . 
Yields on municipal bonds can be higher than after-tax yields on CDs for maturities of perhaps one to five years . 
The collection , which includes two early Picassos , a van Gogh , a Monet , other paintings , furniture and porcelains , went on sale last night in the first of six auctions . 
Rebel artillerists bombarded the capital of Afghanistan , killing at least 12 people , as the Soviet Union was reported to be airlifting arms and food to Kabul 's forces . 
Revco received the offer Oct. 20 , but issued a response yesterday only after a copy of the proposal was made public by bondholders . 
The RTC has projected that it will require between $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion in temporary working capital . 
As part of the move , its affiliated U.S. company , International Components Technology Corp. , purchased a Mexican plant formerly belonging to KSI Disc Products Inc . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
Dreyfus alone has seen its money market funds grow from $ 1 billion in 1975 to closes to $ 15 billion today . 
In our system of advocacy , the trial lawyer is duty bound to present the best case he possibly can . '' 
The latest third-quarter volume also compares with a very strong 10 % growth in the year-ago quarter . 
On the one hand , Mr. Giuliani wants to cut into Mr. Dinkins 's credibility . 
Both moves are effective today . 
$ 813.4 million of general obligation bonds , Fiscal 1990 Series C and D , including $ 757.4 million of tax-exempt bonds and $ 56 million of taxable bonds , tentatively priced by a Goldman Sachs & Co. group . 
To push the pound even lower trying to cure the trade deficit , a policy Britain has repeatedly proved disastrous . 
Kirschner earned $ 376,000 on revenue of $ 14.5 million in the 1988 quarter . 
Credit policy should separate these two competing objectives and eliminate aspects that provide the subsidy . 
Mr. Hastings faced the senators and sat impassively during the first two roll-call votes , then quickly left the chamber . 
He said he has not met with representatives from Acadia . 
China , under the Nationalist government of Chiang Kai-shek , was a founding member of GATT in 1947 . 
Bell , based in Los Angeles , makes and distributes electronic , computer and building products . 
Many economic-development officials say the Koch administration 's aggressive approach helped save 5,000 Chase Manhattan Bank jobs from moving across the Hudson . 
In any case , supplies to patients wo n't be interrupted , the company added . 
But new-product development will make Japanese companies stronger , and big investments in `` domestic '' industries such as beer will make it even tougher for foreign competitors to crack the Japanese market . 
Most banks were closed but were expected to reopen today with few problems anticipated . 
But there still may be prolonged debate and political maneuvering that holds up the $ 156.7 billion funding bill for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1 . 
Those , of course , were the responses of people with something to hide . 
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award . 
`` It is just one of a number of strategies JAL has embarked upon to come to terms with the situation in Europe after 1992 , '' the deadline for ending trade barriers in the EC , he said . 
One of the seven reports presented here of excess heat production was given by Richard A. Oriani , professor of chemical engineering at the University of Minnesota . 
GE is defending itself against government criminal charges of fraud and false claims in connection with a logistics-computer contract for the Army . 
`` We have enough products to make and the markets to sell these products . '' 
FOR YEARS , costume jewelry makers fought a losing battle . 
It is backed by Government National Mortgage Association 9 1\/2 % securities with a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 29 years and being offered at market prices . 
Pasquale Pignatelli , an unlikely but enthusiastic pipe major in an Essex County Irish bagpipe band , speaks sadly of Mr. Florio . 
In filing an original ( not amended ) return , a couple should consider whether damaged property is owned jointly or separately and whether one spouse has larger income ; that may determine whether they should file jointly or separately . 
Profit from continuing operations rose 19 % . 
Though spending for Iowa and Oregon was far less , their increases above Pentagon requests -- 640 % and 430 % , respectively -- were much greater because of the influence of Republicans at critical junctures . 
It has won about 15 % of the retail PC market . 
Honda says the five-cylinder engine provides a compromise between the fuel-economy of a four-cylinder , and the power of a V-6 . 
HUD says the project does n't qualify , and Mr. Kemp says that rock 'n' roll musicians and the music industry ought to put up the money . 
Concerns about the stock market , doubts about the economy in general and rising competition from catalog companies also haunt store operators . 
The industry enjoyed six prosperous years beginning in 1980 , but since 1986 sales have languished at their $ 1.8 billion peak . 
Like others , Mr. Gabelli says that if futures cause investors to lose confidence in stocks , they will move away from stocks -- as many have already done . 
Investment-grade corporate bonds ended 1\/4 point lower . 
That 's the conclusion of a recent study of large law firms conducted by Altman & Weil Inc. , an Ardmore , Pa. , law firm consultant . 
All drug-consuming countries must jointly decide to combat and punish the consumers and distributors of drugs . 
Only two of 111 transplants have been rejected . 
Alpine , which said it does n't plan to further extend the offer , said it received $ 615,000 face amount of debt under the original offer . 
Its chief builder , Taiwan-born Feng-hsiung Hsu , nicknamed his brainchild `` the Weasel '' for its tactical flair at wriggling out of horrible positions . 
The average seven-day compound yield , which assumes that dividends are reinvested and that current rates continue for a year , fell to 8.47 % , its lowest since late last year , from 8.55 % the week before , according to Donoghue 's . 
Chiron was up 1\/2 to 27 and Cetus gained 1\/2 to 16 3\/8 . 
American Airlines parent AMR and USAir Group , both subject to takeover efforts themselves , have each warned of declining results . 
This would be consistent with its unwavering support for the Brady Plan and G-7 exchange-rate intervention , and with its financial commitment to Mexico , Poland and others . 
Until now it had sat idle . 
Stop-Limit Order : Stop-limit orders turn into limit orders when an investment trades at the price specified in the order . 
These are the 26 states , including the commonwealth of Puerto Rico , that have settled with Drexel : Alaska , Arkansas , Delaware , Georgia , Hawaii , Idaho , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Minnesota , Mississippi , New Hampshire , New Mexico , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Oregon , South Carolina , South Dakota , Utah , Vermont , Washington , Wyoming and Puerto Rico . 
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30-year-old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 . 
WHEN HURRICANE Hugo careened through the Caribbean and the Atlantic coast states , it downed electric and telephone lines , shot coconuts through cottage rooftops , shattered windows and uprooted thousands of lives . 
The high court 's action , refusing to hear appeals by several drug companies , is likely to have a significant impact at several levels . 
Not in the kitchen , or the storeroom or the book shop . 
On the chairman 's motion , the California package was subsequently reduced to less-binding report language , and even when this was accepted as such on a voice vote , Mr. Whitten pointedly opposed it . 
`` If that continues , a significant number of { U.S. . } companies will go over there to raise money . '' 
AT&T said the special retirement option will increase fourth-quarter expenses . 
The Accumulation and Investment Group is responsible for the investment operations of all Capital Holding 's insurance businesses and markets guaranteed investment contracts to bank trust departments and other institutions . 
What 's more , the losses they and the others caused `` are just what we are stumbling over , '' says Mr. Stapf , adding that the majority of misdeeds probably go undetected . 
Jim Pattison Industries , a holding company with annual sales of about C$ 1.9 billion , largely from car dealerships and grocery stores , did n't elaborate on the statement , and a company official declined further comment . 
And some foreign firms are finding that even when they manage to overcome such hurdles , their ventures now have to be endorsed by such unpredictable bodies as the Soviet parliament and the governments of the nation 's republics . 
The last time Columbia Pictures was looking for a studio chief , they note , Warner released producer David Puttnam from his contract , then took him back after he was subsequently fired by his bosses at Columbia . 
( Some exchange wags call the building `` the oil rig . '' ) 
It would extinguish all of Eagle 's existing capital stock and issue new stock to York as sole holder . 
Unfortunately , he gets low grades as an investigative reporter , relying heavily on what Chicago 's late mayor , Richard J. Daley , called `` insinuendo . '' 
`` Most people do just the opposite : They sell their winners and keep their losers . '' 
The company offers more than 3,500 parts and supplies directly to microcomputer and minicomputer users through catalog sales . 
Kay Peterson mounts her bicycle and grinds up yet another steep , rocky path seemingly suitable only for mountain goats . 
Your Oct. 5 editorial `` A Democratic Tax Cut '' contained an error . 
He says Mr. Briggs told him he was being set up for a `` honey trap , '' in which Mr. Noriega would try to involve him in an orgy and then record the event `` with sound and video . '' 
There are die-hard bodies , of course . 
In the first eight months of 1989 , imports grew 21 % , to $ 38.32 billion , down slightly from a growth rate of 23 % a year earlier . 
Revenue nearly tripled to $ 479 million , from $ 160 million . 
`` We had a lot of people who threw in the towel today , '' said Earl Ellis , a partner in Benjamin Jacobson & Sons , a specialist in trading UAL stock on the Big Board . 
The Financial Accounting Standards Board said it will soon issue a rule requiring disclosure about the financial risk of certain financial instruments . 
`` We know how to get from capitalism to socialism , '' Sergiusz Niciporuk is saying one afternoon . 
Meanwhile , the Nasdaq 100 Index of the big non-financial stocks basically stood still , easing 0.12 , to 452.23 . 
Whatever may be the problems with this system , it scarcely reflects `` zero risk '' or `` zero discharge . '' 
They are officially considered `` strategic , '' and their privatization is prohibited by the Mexican Constitution . 
Analysts hailed the sweetened pension package , which they said had been the subject of rumors for several months . 
On top of this , the traveler who converts his dollars into foreign currency before the trip starts will lose interest from the day of conversion . 
Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization . 
A year ago , the Minneapolis glass products and aluminum window maker earned $ 4 million , or 30 cents a share , on revenue of $ 114 million . 
One of the first people to come to the Deaver home after his troubles erupted was former Nixon aide John Ehrlichman , whom Mr. Deaver scarcely knew . 
These are the sensitive souls who can empathize with and even enjoy hearing about other people 's troubles , no matter how haltingly or predictably the sad tale is told . 
More banks are being hurt by Arizona 's worsening real-estate slump . 
He added that the company expects `` strong '' operating profit for the year , `` but at a level significantly lower than last year . '' 
The Bravo Zulu award , the Navy accolade for a `` job well done , '' is bestowed on Federal 's workers who surpass the call of duty . 
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % . 
`` It 's a seller 's market , '' said Mr. Snedeker of the reinsurance market right now . 
But the Makro chain , which operates as a joint venture between K mart and SHV Holdings N.V. of the Netherlands , has only six stores and annual sales that one analyst estimated at about $ 300 million . 
Also shown is the closing listed market price or a dealer-to-dealer asked price of each fund 's shares , with the percentage of difference . 
Asked if the Soviets , like Chinese officials , wo n't one day face a similar conflict between the desire to liberalize economically and yet retain political control , Mr. Lee said , `` I would think that the Soviets face a deeper dilemma because they have been more in blinkers than the Chinese -- I mean keeping their people cut off from the outside world . '' 
Paying off that debt put such a squeeze on Campeau and its stores that Federated decided to sell off the jewels of its retailing empire , including Bloomingdale 's . 
The state 's suit alleges that Exxon 's response to the spill failed to prevent contamination of hundreds of miles of shoreline along Prince William Sound . 
In that context , Robert Loggia 's riveting performance as the unlovable -- even crotchety -- veteran agent seems a better franchise for a series than most . 
Still , Mr. Peladeau stuck with the venture . 
Its capital will also be raised to 232.4 billion lire ( $ 172.5 million ) from the current 204.3 billion lire . 
It objected again in September when Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki reluctantly named a Peasant Party man as his agriculture minister . 
7:13 a.m . 
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year-to-date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved . 
The company has been manufacturing carpet since 1967 . 
David Bell , a spokesman for the airline , says the move is partly aimed at retaining existing staff who are leaving to secure foreign passports ahead of 1997 . 
You already know the answer . 
But he figures that at current levels the stock market is comfortably valued , even with the economy obviously slowing . 
The move was interpreted by some economists as a sign that the Fed does n't want the federal funds rate to move any lower than the 8 3\/4 % at which it has been hovering around during the past week . 
ALBERTA ENERGY Co. , Calgary , said it filed a preliminary prospectus for an offering of common shares . 
At this year 's event , the third since the festival got under way in 1985 , Idrissa Ouedraogo of Burkina Faso won the Sakura Gold prize of $ 143,000 for `` Yaaba '' ( `` Old Woman '' ) . 
The adjustments reflect the increase in the consumer price index for urban wage earners and clerical workers from the third quarter of last year to the third quarter of this year . 
The counter-argument , which he has heard , is that if he and his fellow Democrats are successful in killing the president 's proposal , the revenue gap will open up tremendously in 1990 because of the weakened economy . 
The contract also provides for advanced billing and network management services . 
GTE added 1 1\/4 to 65 3\/8 . 
But the dollar later rebounded , finishing slightly higher against the yen although slightly lower against the mark . 
About 45 % of requests for SBA relief loans , which also are available to homeowners , come from small businesses , compared with a 25 % business share after most disasters . 
Mr. Bebear added that the French insurer would keep Farmers ' headquarters in Los Angeles and `` will not send French people to run the company . '' 
In September 1988 , Eagle acquired Biny Clothing Inc. , a closely held New York chain operated under the Bonds name . 
Milton Roy recently fended off unsolicited overtures from Thermo Electron Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of biomedical products . 
Senate Democrats are to meet today to consider the GOP proposal . 
I 've got limited production , and I ca n't give it to underperformers . '' 
But other analysts contend that while the Fed 's move to loosen credit has n't been aggressive , it nevertheless sends a clear signal that , at least for now , the Fed has relaxed its grip on credit . 
There have been a dizzying parade of studies of the firm 's operations . 
After allegations surfaced in a 1985 divorce contest that he had beaten his wife , SEC enforcement chief John Fedders retreated to a Trappist monastery in rural Virginia . 
I do n't like the sound of that . 
A Ministry of International Trade and Industry official said that a study found that Japan 's annual economic growth rate would eventually be only 0.8 % if carbon-dioxide emissions remained at this year 's level of 300 million tons . 
He talked about it in every speech he made as he roamed the country promoting his books , which dispense handy how-to advice on using government information for fun and profit . 
You quote Robert Crandall , chairman of American 's parent , AMR Corp. , as having said that discount deals for big customers would be `` dumb '' because `` you will go to Detroit because you have to go to Detroit whether the fare is $ 175 , $ 275 or $ 375 . '' 
Rachel Weiss Brookline , Mass . 
The Los Angeles media concern said that the year-ago period included a $ 26.5 million gain from the sale of assets , primarily timberlands . 
But unequal trading rules allow the futures market to trade differently from stocks , which invites frequent bouts of stock-index arbitrage in the first place . 
( `` A turban , '' she specifies , `` though it was n't the time for that 14 years ago . 
Writing in the Harvard International Review , he says that his committee approves covert operations only when there 's a `` consensus . '' 
Texas Rep. Steve Bartlett , who has 40,000 American Airlines workers in his district , says the bill is `` good politics , but bad law . '' 
Mr. Bush had threatened a veto previously . 
Investment letters now abound , I really like to read them ; If I peruse enough , I 've found I 've no time left to heed them ! 
Even if there is n't any widespread discounting , the outlook for industry profits is n't good . 
After the market closed Tuesday , the American Petroleum Institute had reported that crude stocks increased by 5.7 million barrels in the week ended Friday , which traders viewed as bearish . 
`` Noriega managed the whole thing . 
Although the jobs will probably pay between $ 70,000 and $ 80,000 a year , IRS officials are confident that they can attract top-notch candidates from the private sector . 
Before that , he was an executive with a manufacturing concern . 
`` Westinghouse 's earnings could be materially enhanced in the mid-1990s or sooner , '' says Russell L. Leavitt , of Salomon Brothers Inc . 
With MGM\/UA 's `` Rainman , '' for instance , Messrs. Guber and Peters had virtually nothing to do with day-to-day production , but their names still appear in big letters on the credits , and they are inevitably associated with its success . 
They noted that because the consumer price index , known as the CPI , is a more comprehensive measure of inflation and is rising less rapidly than the producer-price index , or PPI , it could signal further easing by Fed . 
Almost all have involved at least half and often the firm 's entire portfolio , as the computer searches for the most undervalued investment category , following a money-management style called tactical asset allocation . 
Last year 's appeals court decision , for instance , spawned several suits , reportedly including a recent action by the heirs of singer Bobby Darin against McDonald 's Corp. over its `` Mac Tonight '' TV commercials , a rough parody of Mr. Darin 's `` Mack the Knife '' trademark . 
However , HealthVest said the Tokyo bank indicated that it wo n't accelerate HealthVest 's $ 50 million loan . 
After the confusion surrounding the change of the Coke formula in 1985 , Coca-Cola was reluctant to clutter the Classic name with a brand extension . 
Japan 's wholesale prices in the first 10 days of October fell 0.3 % from the previous 10 days but rose 3.3 % from a year ago , the Bank of Japan said . 
Moody 's also confirmed the Prime-1 rating , its highest , on CS First Boston 's commercial paper , or short-term corporate IOUs . 
Although Exxon spent heavily during the latest quarter to clean up the Alaskan shoreline blackened by its huge oil spill , those expenses as well as the cost of a continuing spill-related program are covered by $ 880 million in charges taken during the first half . 
What did he think of the Supreme Court 's decision legalizing abortion ? 
Hewlett-Packard will charge $ 5,000 for a license covering 10 users . 
At the very least , it would appear that Sis is a poor judge of masculine charm . 
It gets more mail in a month than McCall 's got in a year , and it 's not from mothers . 
And it 's growing fast , with annual sales gains of more than 10 % . 
The government , in turn , guaranteed financing to complete the order backlog and took control of the board . 
Michael F. Klatman , director of corporate public relations at Data General Corp. , was named to the new position of vice president , corporate communications , of this maker of data storage equipment . 
Insurers buy this insurance protection for themselves by giving up a portion of the premiums they collect on a policy to another firm -- a reinsurance company , which , in turn , accepts a portion of any losses resulting from this policy . 
If the economy slips into a recession , then this is n't a level that 's going to hold . '' 
For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier . 
At the end of it all , the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 3.69 to 2659.22 . 
Revenue for the nine months rose to $ 449 million from $ 441.1 million . 
He turned himself in to authorities in New York earlier this year . 
On Friday , they also persuaded the UAL flight attendants to join them . 
Another sticking point for advertisers was National Geographic 's tradition of lumping its ads together , usually at the beginning or end of the magazine , rather than spreading ads out among its articles , as most magazines do . 
So far , however , Sony has n't been willing to meet its considerable financial demands . 
`` Look , '' he says , `` If the rest of South Africa wants to have an integrated melting pot , that 's their choice . 
In addition , corporations are now shouldering a bigger share of the tax burden , as the authors of the 1986 law hoped . 
Mr. Bockris previously reported getting bursts of excess heat and of detecting increasing amounts of tritium forming in the heavy water . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
Sometimes , like now , it 's gray . 
Revco D.S. Inc. , the drugstore chain that filed for bankruptcy-court protection last year , received a $ 925 million offer from a group led by Texas billionaire Robert Bass . 
With the golden share as protection , Jaguar officials have rebuffed Ford 's overtures , and moved instead to forge an alliance with GM . 
The import quotas got only a 2 1\/2-year extension , and USX is laboring under a staggering $ 5.8 billion debt at a time when it must spend money to upgrade steel mills and drill for oil . 
Both movies are infused with the nostalgic sensibility of someone much older , someone who does n't dismiss dreams , but who also has enough experience to see his limits . 
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . '' 
In 1976 , as an upstart in the eyes of Switzerland 's establishment , Mr. Rey laid the foundations of his present-day prominence with an unheard-of raid on Bally , the country 's traditional shoemaker . 
DIASONICS INC. , South San Francisco , maker of magnetic resonance imaging equipment , annual sales of $ 281 million , Amex , had minor damage , mostly in a stockroom . 
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home . 
Pamela Sutherland , executive director of the Illinois Planned Parenthood Council , says she and her allies are `` cautiously optimistic '' they can defeat it if it comes to a floor vote . 
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share . 
EG&G Inc. said it acquired Laboratorium Prof. Dr. Berthold , a German maker of scientific instruments . 
Or an investor who wants his accountant 's advice may be told , `` You seem like a guy who can make up his own mind . '' 
But the Dow Jones Transportation Average went down for the seventh consecutive session , due largely to further selling in UAL . 
Some dealers said that the market 's strong reaction to Wall Street reflects a general uneasiness about the dollar . 
U.S. Trust , a 136-year-old institution that is one of the earliest high-net worth banks in the U.S. , has faced intensifying competition from other firms that have established , and heavily promoted , private-banking businesses of their own . 
But fund officials said the Santa Fe Pacific Realty investment provides an opportunity to buy a stake in a large real estate portfolio heavily weighted with California properties . 
According to the American Cancer Society , smoking is responsible for 85 % of the lung-cancer cases among men and 75 % among women . 
Although Digital has staked out a major presence in the booming workstation market , profit margins in that market are much slimmer than for mainframes . 
Among the biggest winners were brokerage-house stocks , responding to heavy trading volume . 
\*\* With dividends reinvested 
`` Noriega played U.S. intelligence agencies and the U.S. government like a violin , '' he says . 
The sixth partner , John H. OBrion , Jr. , is joining Cowan & Owen , a smaller firm outside Richmond . 
In 1796 , Mayer Amschel Rothschild founded Bankhaus M.A. Rothschild & Sons and later sent his four sons to London , Paris , Vienna and Naples to begin the bank 's expansion during the early 19th century . 
Federal revenues rose 9 % to $ 990.79 billion . 
Mr. Fossett could n't be reached to comment . 
`` What did we get out of it ? 
I doubt that . 
The amendment , offered by Rep. Douglas Bosco ( D. , Calif. ) , was approved 283-132 during debate on a bill designed to strengthen the Transportation Department 's authority in dealing with leveraged buy-outs of airlines . 
Net income \* : $ 599.9 million ; or $ 20.20 a share 
Citicorp also said that the average rate fell to 7.986 % at its $ 50 million auction of 182-day commercial paper from 8.1255 % at last week 's sale . 
The communication Mr. Lee brought represents the softer line the U.S. has been hoping to hear from Chinese officials since the June 4 massacre of pro-democracy demonstrators in Beijing . 
A REVISED BID FOR UAL is being prepared by a labor-management group , sources said . 
Reports by the Office of Technology Assessment do n't prescribe any specific legislative action but suggest a range of options that Congress may pursue . 
The oil company claims that it had permission from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency prior to the spill to use dispersant during such an incident at the discretion of the U.S. Coast Guard . 
Two West German chemical companies announced steps that apparently are designed to boost the chemical industry 's standing among environmental groups and the general public . 
Production of cars rose to 801,835 units in September , a 5.5 % increase from a year earlier . 
Inco Ltd. posted a 35 % decline in third-quarter net income , a performance that was in line with analysts ' expectations . 
India 's overregulated businessmen had to be persuaded , but they have started to think big . 
But it was broad-scale rejection by Japanese banks that helped seal the fate of the attempt to buy UAL . 
Previously he had said he would be able to find the requisite 60 votes eventually . 
Canadian officials said the trade pact has kindled an export interest among many small Canadian companies that previously had little or no foreign sales . 
Only 2 % of the people in September cited Sears 's `` friendly personnel . '' 
Seymour Schreibman , the 65-year-old owner of Schreibman Raphael Furs Inc. , treats the reverse side of a Persian lambskin to produce a reversible fur-and-leather garment . 
As far as the pound goes , some traders say a slide toward support at $ 1.5500 may be a favorable development for the dollar this week . 
The money spent on repairs will be counted as a plus . 
`` I think we are going to see deposit shrinkage continue , unless we see big changes in rates , '' Mr. Ely said . 
`` The bottom line is that it 's healthy to have this kind of sideways activity , especially after a 30 % gain in stock values over the past 12 months . '' 
Institutional investors mostly remained on the sidelines Tuesday . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 400 million of 10-year debentures with a coupon rate of 8.80 % , priced at par . 
Either way , the ghostbusting business is going like gangbusters . 
An early battleground was the U.S. Department of Agriculture . 
MCI COMMUNICATIONS Corp. said it filed a shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission for issuance of as much as $ 750 million of debt securities . 
These factors are further complicated by the airline 's push to transform itself from a regional carrier to an international one , Ms. Hall says . 
The new products allow customers to add Convex machines to established systems made by other manufacturers , which `` opens up a phenomenal market for us , '' said Robert J. Paluck , Convex 's chairman , president and chief executive . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % two months ; 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % three months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % four months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % five months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % six months . 
Rorer Group Inc. will report that third-quarter profit rose more than 15 % from a year earlier , though the gain is wholly due to asset sales , Robert Cawthorn , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said . 
Ending tax-free shopping in the European Community after 1992 could threaten more than 3,000 jobs , the International Duty Free Confederation said . 
They say the broker took them out for lunch frequently . 
In 1986 , Mr. Roderick adroitly dodged Mr. Icahn 's first bullet after the takeover specialist had built up an 11.4 % stake . 
The Bartlesville , Okla. , oil company late yesterday still had n't said officially what caused the explosions and fires , which sent columns of heavy black smoke billowing high into the air . 
In 1984 , the Congress ( I ) captured 405 seats , the largest victory in the history of Indian democracy . 
But unlike the Tokyo exchange , they failed to extend the rise to a second session . 
I agree with Mr. Lehman 100 % ! 
After all , 40,000 newcomers a year are settling in the Las Vegas Valley . 
David Burnham , one of the authors , says fewer trials probably means a growing number of plea bargains . 
Mr. Good , who documents these things as best he can , provides an official explanation in the form of a memorandum from Chief of Staff George C. Marshall to President Roosevelt : `` 1,430 pounds of ammunition , '' he wrote his commander in chief , were expended on `` unidentified aircraft , '' flying at speeds as slow as 200 mph and elevations between 9,000 and 18,000 feet . 
South Africa 's National Union of Mineworkers agreed to suspend the strike by diamond workers and resume negotiations with De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. over their wage dispute , De Beers said . 
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14-judge panel . 
For those who do n't need their personalized information moment by moment , some services are offering overnight newsletters . 
Boston Co. officials declined to comment on Moody 's action or on the unit 's financial performance this year -- except to deny a published report that outside accountants had discovered evidence of significant accounting errors in the first three quarters ' results . 
Mr. Parker spins it into a pretty satisfying tale involving Poodle Springs high life , Hollywood low life and various folk who hang their hats in both worlds . 
Continental Cablevision Inc. -- 
Panamanian dictator Torrijos , he was told , had granted the shah of Iran asylum in Panama as a favor to Washington . 
There are no agreements yet . '' 
With the increase , even more developing-country energy and talent would be diverted from creating profitable economic systems to setting up economic planning ministries that generate IMF-approved economic plans . 
`` These products are the heart of our transmission-product line , '' Mr. Buchner said . 
As ties between academia and venture capital have blossomed in recent years , governmental fear of abuse has risen . 
Should you really own stocks ? 
The Pentagon has led the charge , particularly as military alliances spread world-wide . 
Others point out that lawyers in small communities have always had a feel for public sentiment -- and used that to advantage . 
`` That 's something they can do very well . 
Albert Engelken and Robert Thomson had never met , though for 38 years their lives had been intertwined in a way peculiar to the sports world . 
Profits are also plowed back into the community ; the non-profit Vermont-Slauson Economic Development Corp. receives 60 % of the profits from the Vermont-Slauson Center and uses the money to provide moderate and low-cost housing in the community -- now running into the hundreds of units -- as well as commercial and industrial development projects . 
Now , when I play with orchestras , the musicians often compliment me on my intonation . '' 
Paul Fireman , Reebok chairman and chief executive officer , said , `` Our gains in earnings provide further evidence that the controls we have put in place and our sales mix are continuing to improve the company 's overall profit performance . '' 
`` It 's impossible to put an exact figure on it at this time . '' 
With many rural districts yet to report ballots , election officials estimate support for Christian Democrats fell an average five percentage points statewide . 
NBC Productions or NBC News could supply the network with other Saturday morning shows , a move that would control costs . 
Arizona Instrument Corp. said it expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 600,000 , or 25 cents to 27 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 214,000 , or 10 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Both men were unavailable to comment . 
Analyst estimate the value of the BellSouth proposal at about $ 115 to $ 125 a share . 
Sponsors are naturally counting on their ability to keep ahead of tuition inflation with investment returns . 
He said the move could be the beginning of a broader relationship between the two companies , one that could open up new markets for Bethlehem . 
Recreation program current interest bonds are due 1990-1995 , and are priced to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 6.45 % in 1995 . 
As part of the same bill , the finance panel also voted in favor of billions of dollars in narrow tax breaks for individuals and corporations , in what committee member Sen. David Pryor ( D. , Ark . ) calls a `` feeding frenzy '' of special-interest legislating . 
But the market really is n't going to be stood on its head , '' said a banker at one of Frankfurt 's Big Three banks . 
For the nine months , Los Angeles-based H.F. Ahmanson had profit of $ 128.1 million , or $ 1.29 a share , a 4.6 % decline from earnings of $ 134.2 million in the year-ago nine months . 
Since then , further research argues that failure to take account of quality improvements has contributed a total of at least 0.26 percentage point to the downward bias in the growth rate . 
Its third-quarter earnings were higher than a year ago , but fell short of expectations . 
The 1989 Americans With Disabilities Act is about eliminating discriminatory barriers . 
`` I ca n't do anything score-wise , but I like meeting the girls . '' 
`` We see a lot of interest in those kind of things , '' says Frank Salerno , a vice president of Bankers Trust . 
`` The parent company is diversifying into other industries around the world , '' said president Meyer Blinder in explaining the name change . 
The agreement was announced by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias Friday , as President Bush and other leaders from the Western Hemisphere gathered in the Central American nation for a celebration of democracy . 
Their effort to run him out of Washington is an embarrassment to the original purpose of their own movement . 
Firms Walk Fine Line In Distributing Profits 
`` At some point , it will become non-economical for one company . 
The technology sector of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index has risen only about 6.24 % this year , while the Nasdaq Composite Index has gained 18.35 % . 
The notes are zero-coupon securities and will not pay interest periodically . 
I rode it out on the second floor of Leo 's at 55th and Telegraph in Oakland . 
Lebanon 's Parliament passed the power-sharing accord to end the country 's 14-year-old conflict , but the Christian military leader wad the plan was `` full of ambiguities . '' 
Margins are the difference between the yield on the company 's earning assets and its own cost of funds . 
`` If you create a wonderment , if you create something so exciting that the public dreams of being part of it , then they 'll come , '' he says . 
The Merc is now cooperating with the Comex in developing such a device to provide such an audit trail . 
The reversal came after the government conceded that investigators may have faked evidence . 
The new market helped boost U.S. fur sales to about $ 1.8 billion a year now , triple the level in the late 1970s . 
Officials at the University of Virginia Art Museum certainly would agree . 
However , the disclosure of the guidelines , first reported last night by NBC News , is already being interpreted on Capitol Hill as an unfair effort to pressure Congress . 
RJR Nabisco Inc. said it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle S.A. 's Nestle Foods unit for $ 370 million . 
Here she has the aid of her longtime associate Jeff Helpern , whom she appointed Trinity 's first-ever musical director and whom she equipped with a spanking new $ 60,000 sound system and recording studio . 
Revenue dropped 5.4 % to $ 3.48 billion from $ 3.68 billion . 
Conferees also agreed to Pentagon requests to earmark a total of nearly $ 1 billion for work on both mobile MX and Midgetman nuclear missiles , according to congressional aides . 
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino-U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 . 
Net income increased 6.7 % to 12.43 billion yen from 11.66 billion yen . 
The third-largest thrift institution in Puerto Rico also said it expects a return to profitability in the third quarter when it reports operating results this week . 
As earlier reported , L.J. Hooker this week received a $ 409 million bid for its three shopping malls , plus other properties from a consortium led by Honolulu real-estate investor Jay Shidler and A. Boyd Simpson , an Atlanta developer and former L.J. Hooker senior executive . 
Finally , flouting the BPCA 's wishes to continue the popular two-mile riverside Esplanade , prized for its expansive views of New York Harbor , the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island , Ms. Bartlett threw up yet another wall , this time concrete , this time 10 1\/2 feet tall . 
Neither plan is dead , however , and the judge could force creditors to accept some version of them after ruling on the Minpeco-Manufacturers Hanover dispute . 
Its stock closed at $ 38 , up $ 1.875 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
`` What happens to those two basketball contracts will shape the next five years of network sports , '' says Peter Lund , a former CBS Sports president now at Multimedia Inc . 
The company also cited some success in damping cost increases and said it wants to return to profitability in 1990 . 
Chris Edgar 
Maybe it 's crazy , '' he said . 
Related Roommates Trim Hospital Bills 
PS of New Hampshire amended its plan to call for two years of 5.5 % rate increases followed by five years of 4.5 % increases . 
Mr. Drabinsky could n't be reached for comment . 
`` Obviously , there are quantitative limitations on the assistance we can provide , '' concedes Baron David de Rothschild , `` but we feel we have some cards to play . '' 
On the civil side , the Manhattan prosecutor filed an average of only 11 cases for every 100,000 adults during the same period ; the San Francisco U.S. attorney averaged 79 . 
Using testers could be controversial with financial institutions , but Mr. Grohl said the U.S. League of Savings Institutions had n't yet taken any position on the matter . 
Mr. Redford no longer stands out as an extremist . 
Workers could dial out , but they could n't receive telephone calls . 
A genetically engineered version of the human protein developed by Amgen Corp. of Thousand Oaks , Calif. , recently has been marketed by the Ortho Pharmaceuticals division of Johnson & Johnson . 
`` This is only a further step in a lengthy investigation . '' 
The newest uses of the 900-interactive technology demonstrate the growing variety of applications . 
He was later shown on television , fielding questions . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
Zurn Industries Inc. said it received approval to proceed on four separate projects with a total contract value of $ 59 million . 
Continental Air replaced its top executive for the sixth time in as many years . 
Salomon said net income soared to $ 177 million , or $ 1.28 a share , from $ 65 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Italy 's Supreme Court this year ordered Parliament to write a law that will regulate media ownership . 
Insurance analysts say the exchange 's downturn in profitability is likely to be aggravated by more than $ 600 million in aviation losses ( including the 1988 Pan Am airline disaster over Lockerbie , Scotland ) and a still-uncalculated chunk of claims from September 's Hurricane Hugo . 
It said Qintex Entertainment owes Qintex Australia US$ 38.1 million in loans not secured by specific assets . 
Charles D . Way , president of this restaurant operator , assumed the additional post of chief executive officer . 
Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares . 
Because all operations are connected , one equipment failure forces a complete plant shutdown . 
`` But that partner is n't Fiat . '' 
Floor traders also said that the market could have been helped by rumors , which have been circulating for the past two days , about China purchasing cotton . 
Some traders said institutions were waiting to see the U.S. jobless rate to be issued Friday . 
But since June , foreign bankers led by international financial institutions have virtually suspended their new loans to China . 
`` Take heart , sports fans , '' he wrote . 
Yaohan Departmentstore Co. of Japan is moving its international-operations headquarters and holding company to Hong Kong to gain from the British colony 's economic advantages and tax structure . 
Warned he was to be jailed again , he fled to the countryside . 
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day . 
Were we smart or just lucky ? 
IBM said it expects industrywide efforts to become prevalent because semiconductor manufacturing has become so expensive . 
Tom Schumacher , executive vice president and general manager of the California Trucking Association in Sacremento , said his organization urged trucking firms to halt all deliveries into the Bay area yesterday , except for emergency-medical supplies . 
That was also the case in the days following the June 4 massacre in Beijing , which caused a sharp drop in Hong Kong stock prices . 
The company noted that its third-quarter results should be released later this week or early next week . 
One stuck to old-line business traditions , while the other embraced the change . 
Tandy Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire two units of Datatronic AB of Stockholm for cash . 
Mr. Allen quickly ran up against the liberal establishment again , which somehow elevated the vague concept of `` Indian rights '' above the rights of individual Indians . 
The second factor spurring mega-issues is political . 
`` It was like driving down the highway watching a wreck . 
Caesars has made a specialty of catering to high rollers from abroad , who are also being aggressively courted by the Mirage , the Las Vegas Hilton and others . 
Some petroleum futures traders say technical considerations now will help to put downward pressure on futures prices . 
`` Tivoli Motel , '' I read a sign in the usual pronunciation of the name as we whoosh through . 
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage-backed securities , reversing a recent trend . 
Both the AFL-CIO and the National Association of Manufacturers are calling for measures to control rising costs , improve quality and provide care to the 31 million Americans who currently lack health insurance . 
So far no one has . 
Media General Inc. intends to sell two of its West Coast weekly newspaper chains , Golden West Publishing Inc. and Highlander Publications , which together comprise 31 papers . 
Revenue rose slightly to $ 3.16 billion from $ 3.13 billion . 
I really do not understand how it is that Filipinos feel so passionately involved in this father figure that they want to dispose of and yet they need . 
Separately , the New York Times reported that the Israeli government had provided its correspondent in Jerusalem with different documents that Israel said prove the PLO has been conducting terrorism from the occupied Arab territories . 
The company 's shares closed yesterday at $ 4.25 , off 25 cents , in national over-the-counter trading . 
Mr. Wilkinson , 45 years old , succeeds Thomas A. Bullock , 66 , who is retiring as chairman but will continue as a director and chairman of the executive committee . 
Banco Ambrosiano , which was Italy 's largest private-sector bank , collapsed in 1982 with $ 1.3 billion of debts . 
The issues are also thought to be important to the FCC 's new chairman , Alfred Sikes , a former AM broadcaster in his native Missouri . 
But we 're ... going to be in the exact same situation next year . '' 
Estimates suggest October 's figure may be even higher . 
He said it especially will strengthen the company 's efforts in the rapidly growing field of bio-analytical instrumentation , and in applied nuclear physics . 
`` On certain occasions a spirit could be earthbound and make itself known , '' he says . 
The FERC is a five-member commission that regulates billions of dollars of interstate wholesale energy transactions . 
On July 2 , 1987 , the tanker S.S. Glacier Bay struck a rock and spilled almost 150,000 gallons of oil into the Cook Inlet . 
Santa Ana Redevelopment Agency -- $ 107 million of tax allocation bonds , 1989 Series A-D , via a Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. group . 
Mrs. Thatcher : `` If it 's one against 48 , I 'm very sorry for the 48 . '' 
Boise Cascade Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9.45 % debentures due 2009 , priced at 99.7 . 
A pleasant place to come and spend a few hours . '' 
Even if it unites for the elections , its coherence is likely to be temporary . 
In fact , he did ; the quotes above are from Mr. Baker 's speech of two weeks ago . 
Atlantic City casino owner Donald Trump is scouting the Las Vegas market with an eye toward building an appropriately spectacular place . 
George Bush disclosed the policy last week by reading it to GOP senators , perhaps as a way of shifting blame for the Panama fiasco to Congress . 
New orders for durable goods fell back slightly in September after shooting up the month before , reflecting weakening auto demand after a spurt of orders for new 1990 models , the Commerce Department reported . 
A half-dozen candidates , backing policies ranging from Thatcherism to watered-down Marxism , are given a chance of winning . 
The buoyant Bombay rumor mill also says that some of the money raised in the current spate of issues will be used as campaign donations before the elections . 
The states have their own ideas about regulation and certification . 
UAL , which is trying to reconstruct a buy-out bid that banks would n't finance , represents the future of one of the most powerful ingredients in the bull market - corporate restructuring . 
Surviving scandal has become a rite of political passage at a time when a glut of scandal has blunted this town 's sensibility . 
`` We do n't know yet how useful it 's going to be , '' he said . 
In addition , neurologists were beginning to report these observations as well . 
That individual was n't identified . 
Commercial gene-splicing was born . 
The story of a playwright 's stage debut unfolds in first-person monologues , in the manner of Faulkner 's `` The Sound and the Fury . '' 
The consultants had been working to finish a report this week . 
Still , Bethlehem 's core basic steel operations experienced a steep drop in operating profit to $ 58.6 million from $ 186.4 million a year ago , when the industry enjoyed strong demand and pricing . 
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms . 
Mr. Bickwit said the paper had been donated to `` a charitable organization that sells it for recycling . 
And now Kellogg is indefinitely suspending work on what was to be a $ 1 billion cereal plant . 
An N.V . Philips unit has created a computer system that processes video images 3,000 times faster than conventional systems . 
Pittston seeks changes in health and pension benefits , among other things . 
Revenue was $ 1.79 billion , up 18 % from $ 1.52 billion a year earlier . 
Mr. Volokh was fired from his job , and had to endure hours of organized verbal abuse from his co-workers , accusations of sabotage and counterrevolutionary activities . 
If the pound had been tied to the mark , the British would have been unable to cut their exorbitant tax rates . 
In yesterday 's edition , it was incorrectly stated that the company 's share price has softened since August 1988 . 
It 's an `` absolute necessity '' to get out of junk bonds when a recession is in the offing , says Avner Arbel , professor of finance at Cornell University . 
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care . 
While the proposal won a slight majority , the 51-48 vote was well short of the two-thirds needed to approve changes in the Constitution . 
My younger daughter and I are fine . 
Universities such as Harvard and MIT should be able to develop a way to act as brokers for the individual scientists , says Katherine Bick , who oversees the huge NIH grants program as its deputy director for extramural research . 
Lake View had an operating deficit last year and has a poor reputation as an out-of-repair and crime-infested cemetery . 
A&P fell 1 1\/4 to 57 5\/8 , and J. Baker gained 3\/8 to 21 1\/4 . 
Consider , for instance , two bond funds from Vanguard Group of Investment Cos. that were both yielding 8.6 % on a recent day . 
Petroleos will supply 135,000 barrels of oil a day for the refinery , Unocal said . 
At the same time , he remains fairly pessimistic about the outlook for imports , given continued high consumer and capital goods inflows . 
All foreign markets are aggressively courting U.S. business . 
Meson Investment Ltd. , a Vancouver , B.C.-based investment firm , said it raised its stake in Verit Industries to 8.9 % of the common shares outstanding . 
His more is always less . 
That Moscow , with its dilapidated economic machine , would try to sell high technology to Japan , one of the world 's high-tech leaders , sounds like a coals-to-Newcastle notion . 
Likewise , certificates of deposit on average posted lower yields in the week ended Tuesday . 
President Bush insists it would be a great tool for curbing the budget deficit and slicing the lard out of government programs . 
EPO , or erythropoietin , is a protein the human body makes to stimulate the growth of red blood cells . 
The Labor Department said wage increases in manufacturing industries continue to be smaller than those in other industries . 
Finally , even the time-honored strategy called `` value investing '' no longer means what it once did . 
It is difficult , however , to justify civil disobedience , non-violent or not , where citizens have full recourse to the ballot box to effect change . 
It quoted Liu Changyi , deputy director of the Beijing Public Security Bureau , as saying that there were many more people involved in prostitution now than in 1985 , when there were about 100 cases . 
Moreover , the number of people who spontaneously cited lower prices as the reason for their interest in Sears declined to 16 % in September from 33 % in March . 
Suits are likely to be filed against engineering firms , contractors and developers , as well as against local-government agencies . 
The U.S. argues that its plan would ease the transition to freer agriculture trade by converting certain non-tariff barriers into tariffs that , together with existing tariffs , then would be phased out over 10 years . 
At these offices , earthquake victims will be helped in filling out a one-page form that they will need to qualify for such federal assistance as home-improvement loans and to repair houses . 
Separately , the board expanded to six members with the election of David L. Holewinski , a consultant . 
Computer makers were scrambling to help customers recover from the disaster . 
They stroll through the marble-encased corridors of the Atrium Court . 
I 'm out of bed . 
He concedes H&R Block is `` well-entrenched '' and `` a great company , '' but says `` it does n't grow fast enough for us . 
Three Soviet government officials -- the ministers of railroads , of foreign economic relations and of heavy-machine building -- will visit Tehran next month for talks , Iran 's official news agency reported . 
This would compare with an estimated loss of 3 cents a share for the comparable 10 months last year , which included restructuring costs . 
Ogilvy eliminated the mail room staff , closed the executive dining room and , after the takeover , let go half a dozen financial executives . 
The second provision , affecting so-called 235 mortgages , has met strong opposition from investment bankers represented by the Public Securities Association . 
Although other resignations may follow , it 's still not clear to what extent the change in party personnel will alter the government 's resistance to fundamental change . 
Honeywell previously said it intended to reduce its holding in the Japanese concern as part of a restructuring plan which also calls for a reduction of dependence on weapons sales . 
He owns 43 % of CenTrust 's shares . 
The government probably would n't give in readily to a hostile foray by Ford , however . 
In addition , the principles attempt to eliminate the so-called Delaney Paradox . 
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Hecla Mining rose 5\/8 to 14 ; Battle Mountain Gold climbed 3\/4 to 16 3\/4 ; Homestake Mining rose 1 1\/8 to 16 7\/8 ; Lac Minerals added 5\/8 to 11 ; Placer Dome went up 7\/8 to 16 3\/4 , and ASA Ltd. jumped 3 5\/8 to 49 5\/8 . 
As part of the restructuring , WCRS and Eurocom said they will look for ways to combine their media buying across Europe . 
Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's roads and bridges are n't funded by property taxes but by state and federal gasoline taxes . 
The results surprised many analysts , because USAir has almost no competition in its Pittsburgh hub and has expanded operations by completing its acquisition of Piedmont Airlines . 
The spokesman said Maxicare hopes to complete the reorganization by early 1990 . 
DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES Inc. said it offered $ 50 million of 9 1\/2 % debentures due 2001 at par . 
Even at this early stage , drugs caused additional concerns . 
Higher oil prices were n't enough to offset a roughly $ 20 million charge related to a 10 % reduction in Amoco 's Canadian work force as well as increased exploration expenses . 
Airborne Freight climbed 1 1\/8 to 38 1\/2 . 
Mr. Seidman is chairman of the Resolution Trust Corp. , established to sell or merge the nation 's hundreds of insolvent savings-and-loan associations . 
Such a piece of DNA would probably constitute a gene . 
The heavy selling by farmers helped to damp the price rally . 
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has been in the forefront in supporting the Bush proposal . 
California officials plan to ask Congress for $ 3 billion or more of federal aid , in the form of grants and low-interest loans . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
The latest quarter 's results , however , included a pretax gain of $ 13.7 million , or 20 cents a share , in the carrying value of the company 's investment in Conner Peripherals Inc. and a $ 7.6 million gain , or 11 cents a share , from the sale of one million Conner shares . 
The work , though , sounds like Muzak for spaceships . 
In some cases , competition has squeezed margins . 
HOLIDAY PROMOTION : 
And she further stunned her listeners by revealing her secret garden design method : Commissioning a friend to spend `` five or six thousand dollars ... on books that I ultimately cut up . '' 
However , Control Data would continue to provide maintenance services for customers of its Cyber product line . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. -- $ 125 million of 6 3\/8 % convertible subordinated debentures due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 84.90 to yield 7.51 % . 
ECI Environmental Inc. , initial offering of 1.1 million shares , of which ECI will sell 990,000 and co-founders will sell 110,000 shares , via Oppenheimer & Co . 
Investors do this by specifying a minimum price at which the investment may be sold or the maximum price that may be paid for it . 
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday . 
The West German embassies in Prague , Budapest and Warsaw are continuing to find refugees at their gates . 
It `` really looks beautiful and is very light , '' says Ann Hornaday , a free-lance writer who has visited the office for lunch meetings . 
The bank added that it believes the review will `` demonstrate that First Union is in compliance with the requirements of the Community Reinvestment Act . '' 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Now 's the time to make the political case that Presidents need the line-item weapon to restore discipline to the budget . 
In the long , frightening night after Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , Bay Area residents searched for comfort and solace wherever they could . 
But Mr. Wolf faces a monumental task in pulling the company back together again . 
`` That 's going to cost IBM revenue . '' 
`` This is the worst shakeout ever in the junk market , and it could take years before it 's over , '' says Mark Bachmann , a senior vice president at Standard & Poor 's Corp. , a credit rating company . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Pegasus closed at $ 10.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
Rep. Jamie Whitten of Mississippi and chairman of House Appropriations turned a $ 20 million Bush request for his state into a $ 49.7 million bequest . 
`` It 's like everyone climbing out of the QE II and getting into a lifeboat , '' says John Jacobson , an analyst with AUS Consultants . 
A lawyer for Lawyers Title said that , because the named companies no longer use the type of cooperative rating bureaus attacked by the FTC , the commission 's order wo n't have much practical impact . 
`` If you 're in the bond business playing the relative-performance derby , then even an extra 25 basis points ( 0.25 percentage point ) becomes an important consideration on a career basis , '' says Mr. Grant . 
Ad Notes ... . 
Nothing , I assumed , would be more hopelessly dated than a political satire on the Iran-Contra affair . 
The money spent on scrubbers is diverted from planned research on new , cleaner technology . 
For the latest fiscal year , the company 's net income jumped a robust 19 % to 35.5 billion yen ( $ 250.2 million ) . 
His projection indicates profit in the latest quarter of more than $ 17.4 million , or 55 cents a share , compared with $ 15.2 million , or 48 cents a share , a year ago . 
Reps. Hamilton and Dorgan also have altered their bill , dropping a proposal to add the Treasury secretary to the 12-member Fed committee that makes monetary policy . 
Great Western 's provision for loan losses was increased to $ 27.9 million for the recent quarter compared with $ 21.8 million a year ago primarily as a result of `` continued weakness in various commercial and multifamily real estate markets outside California . '' 
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th-century French chateau the agency somehow owns . 
Domestic wholesale sales rose 11.9 % from a year earlier , while foreign sales jumped 17.3 % , Istat said . 
Net fell to $ 40.1 million , or $ 1.50 a share , from $ 60.7 million , or $ 2.32 a share , a year earlier . 
Earnings per share were 10.35 kronor compared with 5.80 kronor . 
`` They are n't prepared to compete in an area where the Japanese want to enter . '' 
In the second quarter , middle-market cross-border transactions -- deals under $ 100 million each -- numbered 619 and totaled $ 6 billion , compared with 478 such transactions totaling $ 4.9 billion a year earlier , the firm said . 
The criminal charges brought against him involved GE technology , according the court documents . 
Fluor Corp. , a construction engineering firm , gained 75 cents to $ 33.375 . 
Whether she can meet that ambitious goal is still far from certain . 
And considering the extra cost of such provisions , some figure that people interested in , say , paying for extended nursing-home care would be better off just buying a separate policy that provides it . 
It is providing $ 50 million in emergency financing to the company and has agreed to buy as much as $ 75 million in receivables from B. Altman & Co. and Bonwit Teller , L.J. Hooker 's two fully owned department-store chains . 
But sophistication has its limits . 
I love this business , '' he says . 
Americans place native or native speakers in charge of subsidiaries overseas . 
x - Year-to-date 1988 figure includes Volkswagen domestic-production through July . 
The companies apt to run into earnings problems soonest are the ones with heavy debt loads , says Larry Biehl , partner in the San Mateo , Calif. , money-management firm of Bailard , Biehl & Kaiser . 
Computers that once were the state of the art , The marvels bought three years ago , Are now obsolete . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.20 % 45 to 67 days ; 8.325 % 68 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.875 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.75 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
`` There 's a distinct possibility that I may lose my job over this , '' the employee , Karen Allen , of Floor Covering Resources , Kensington , Md. , recently told a congressional hearing . 
Norwood has made `` no detailed plans , '' but it has engaged in talks with other shareholders , the filing said . 
As if this were n't enough , the Senate Judiciary Committee is getting into the act . 
A magistrate had initially refused the request , ruling that the attack had been a political act for which the man , Mahmoud El-Abed Ahmad , would be exempt from extradition . 
During the coup attempt and its aftermath , NSC staffers were `` stretched very thin , '' says one senior administration official . 
But Mr. Savaiko expects stepped-up producer selling at around the $ 1,040 to $ 1,050 level . 
He said Eaton 's quarter profit margin on controls was lower than he anticipated . 
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders . 
Ms. Smith also agreed to a permanent injunction barring her from acting as an officer , director or investment adviser of any mutual fund , unit investment trust or face-amount certificate company . 
A previously available program called Network Computing System , developed by Hewlett-Packard 's Apollo division , for instance , takes a task and splits it up into parts , divvying up those parts to several computers in a network for simultaneous processing . 
COPPER : 
The statement was the U.S. government 's first acknowledgement of what other groups , such as the International Monetary Fund , have been predicting for months . 
Federal 's stock price , however , has held up well , driven in part by the general run-up of airline stocks , analysts say . 
Projecting the latter over several decades , I find my cash buildup is impressive -- but can any high interest rate prevail for that long ? 
Mr. Carver , however , believes the company 's egg product wo n't help the bottom line in the short run , even though it `` makes sense -- it 's more convenient '' and justifies its price , which is higher than shell eggs , because of health and sanitation concerns . 
Rather than scaring off white voters , as many predicted he would , Mr. Dinkins attracted many whites precisely because of his reputation for having a cool head . 
`` The impact , if there is any , will be impossible to judge ahead of time because the decision whether to use { racketeering charges } is made in individual cases '' by Justice Department officials in Washington , he said . 
Commodore International expects to post its second consecutive quarterly loss because of weak personal computer sales in some markets . 
Revenue rose 11 % , to $ 8 billion from $ 7.2 billion . 
Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 , Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % . 
Rival Boston Herald columnist Howie Carr , who usually rails at Statehouse `` hacks '' and nepotism , argued that the new drawings were designed to hide Mr. Madden 's `` rapidly growing forehead '' and the facial defects of `` chinless '' Dan Shaughnessy , a Globe sports columnist . 
In the nine months , EDS earned $ 315.8 million , or $ 2.62 a share , up 13 % from $ 280.7 million , or $ 2.30 a share . 
Separately , the Ontario Supreme Court said it will postpone indefinitely a ruling on the lawsuit launched by the University of Toronto against Connaught in connection with the Merieux bid . 
The company cited higher tax credits in the second quarter , totaling $ 63 million , compared with $ 28 million in the third quarter . 
Among bigger OTC stocks , the figures represent 2.05 days of average daily volume , compared with 2.14 days in September . 
A major factor in the third-quarter loss was the write-down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . 
Meanwhile , shares of some big housing lenders got hit , on the likelihood that the lenders ' collateral -- people 's homes -- suffered physical damage and perhaps a loss in value . 
`` Our market got hit a lot harder on Monday than the listed market , '' Mr. Bruno said . 
`` This is a good quarter for us in terms of our business fundamentals , '' said Sam Ginn , chairman and chief executive officer . 
Japan has found another safe outlet for its money : U.S. home mortgages . 
IT IS N'T TRUE that a 90-year old clergyman on a mission of mercy to a disaster area on Christmas Day can fly free . 
There 's an equally pressing deadline for the government to define its monetary and economic ties to the rest of the European Community . 
Canadian retail sales rose 0.2 % in August from July , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
All of that is just for starters , or so the hundreds of thousands of Eastern Europeans in the streets seem to hope and are certainly demanding . 
Periodically , there has even been talk of mergers between one or more exchanges . 
Writes Bilanz : `` No one in Switzerland ever came so far so fast ... 
In a statement prepared by lawyers for the university and Connaught , the parties said they agreed that as a result of reaching a C 415 million research accord , `` It is unnecessary that there be a judgment on the merits { of the case } at this time . '' 
-- Joshua Adams . 
Moscom Corp. said its board approved the repurchase of as many as 300,000 common shares when market conditions are suitable . 
Iverson 's earnings plunged 70 % to $ 1.2 million . 
What to do ? 
For several years , Turner Broadcasting System 's Cable News Network has invited viewers to respond nightly to topical issues ( `` Should the U.S. military intervene in Panama ? '' ) , but even the hottest controversies on CNN log only about 10,000 calls . 
The merger is subject to regulatory clearance and a definitive agreement . 
The Senate negotiators included Sens. Cranston and Riegle and Mr. Wall 's principal sponsor , Republican Sen. Jake Garn of Utah . 
Mark Page , New York 's deputy director of finance , said that investors ' concerns about the city 's financial health are `` unwarranted given our proven ability to manage ourselves . '' 
Almost $ 8 billion of junk bonds that are considered untradeable include issues from SCI TV , Gillette Holdings ( not related to Gillette Co. ) , Interco , Seaman Furniture , Allied Stores , Federated Department Stores , National Gypsum , M.D.C. Holdings , Micropolis , Leaseway Transportation and Price Communications . 
Parts 1 , 2 , and 5 come from the soundtrack of Errol Morris 's acclaimed film , `` The Thin Blue Line , '' and the two other parts from incidental music to two separate dramatizations of the Kafka story of the same name . 
He also received 20-year sentences for each of the 24 passengers injured . 
Humana Inc. , Louisville , Ky. , also reported favorable results , with net income of $ 66.7 million , or 66 cents , in the fourth quarter ended Aug. 31 , up from $ 58.2 million , or 59 cents , a year earlier . 
The split will raise the number of shares outstanding to about 10.2 million . 
Ing . 
This is no place for pedestrians , but at 7:30 on a recent morning , when construction choked traffic at the famous Four Corners intersection to one lane , a taxi passenger found it faster to abandon the cab and walk to her destination . 
Mr. Bergsma said prices for U.S. pharmaceutical companies remain too high , making it unlikely that Akzo will pursue any major acquisitions in that area . 
The department 's most significant clarification of existing RICO policy is a directive to prosecutors that they should seek to seize assets from defendants `` in proportion '' to the nature of the alleged offense , Mr. Runkel said . 
Our quake behaved much like the Mexico City earthquake , where great damage was miles from the epicenter . '' 
But the machinists union , whose opposition helped scuttle the first buy-out bid , is likely to favor a recapitalization with a friendly third-party investor . 
Detrex said it is one of at least 17 companies notified by the Environmental Protection Agency that they may be potentially responsible for cleaning up the Fields Brook watershed near Detrex 's Ashtabula plant at a total cost the EPA estimates at $ 48 million -- a figure Detrex said the companies dispute . 
Since then , UAL stock has fallen 33 % in what may rank as the largest collapse of a takeover stock ever . 
Mr. Nowak said he attaches particular importance to the proposed sale because it suggests that the company is willing to sell oil and gas assets that are n't part of its major strategic strengths . 
The three-page Crown Royal ad features a black-and-white shot of a boring holiday party -- and a set of colorful stickers with which readers can dress it up . 
GM , Ford and Chrysler have already cut fourth-quarter U.S. output plans an estimated 15 % from 1988 levels . 
Common shares outstanding : 21.6 million 
In other comments , he said takeovers may not always be the most efficient way of securing a change of corporate direction or strategy . 
But he said this does n't mean he is satisfied with the market 's big swings . 
Another reason for the weakness , he said , may be that mortgage rates have hit a plateau since they began edging down after a peak in March . 
In the recent Upper House and Tokyo metropolitan congressional elections , in which the Socialist Party won a runaway victory , 60 % of all women voted , as opposed to the usual 40 % . 
Fluor , based in Irvine , Calif. , will direct expansion of the mine 's capacity to 52,000 metric tons a day from 32,000 metric tons a day . 
`` What a bunch of nonsense , '' says Jessica Crosby , president of the New York chapter of the National Association of Women Business Owners . 
Based on the number of Mesa shares outstanding not already owned by StatesWest , the proposed takeover would have a value of about $ 15.3 million . 
Other gainers were companies with one or more undamaged California refineries . 
`` Ford 's appetite to attack { Jaguar } could gradually wane over time , particularly if Saab is a reasonably attractive proposition , '' says John Lawson , an auto analyst at London 's Nomura Research Institute . 
Linda Aldridge , who does full-body work in Pittsburgh , says that while on-site massage is better than nothing , tired workers should realize it is only the tip of the iceberg . 
For the previous financial year , the bank would have reported a pretax profit of M$ 168 million if it had n't made provisions for the nonperforming loans , he said . 
But the basic technology in the line is almost five years old , which means it is long in the tooth , and competitors are rolling out strong products of their own . 
A senior vice president and a vice president at James River Corp. sold the majority of their shares in the Richmond , Va. , paper-products concern in late August and early September , reports filed with the SEC show . 
StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it withdrew its offer to acquire Mesa Airlines because the Farmington , N.M. , carrier did n't respond to its offer by the close of business yesterday , a deadline StatesWest had set for a response . 
Southern New England Telecommunications , which bolstered its marketing efforts for telephone and non-telephone subsidiaries , reported that net increased 8.1 % . 
Nicholas Parks , a New York money manager , expects the market to decline about 15 % . 
He said 1989 's net income could be 11 % to 13 % of revenue , which , assuming current expectations , would be 40 % to 45 % below 1988 's level . 
The fiscal 1989 budget deficit figure came out Friday . 
An Anacomp official said the Indianapolis computer-services concern had no comment on the group 's share sales . 
`` All the positive figures on the economy are out already , and people are focusing more on the dangers for next year , mostly the wage talks and the { parliamentary } elections , '' the U.S. trader said . 
STOCK PRICES SWUNG wildly as the market reacted to an initial plunge by UAL shares , followed by a sharp rebound in the afternoon . 
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell to a seasonally adjusted 332,000 for the week ended Oct. 14 from 396,000 the previous week , the Labor Department said . 
IBM also said it expects to benefit from the expertise that Motorola and other companies can bring to bear on the difficult problems involved in semiconductor manufacturing . 
Three savings-and-loan institutions in Kansas and Texas were added to the Resolution Trust Corp. 's conservatorship program after federal regulators declared the thrifts insolvent and named the RTC their receiver . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
It has been trying to improve its share of the residential market . 
Fuel and personnel costs are rising , and tourism in and through Hong Kong remains clouded by China 's turmoil since the June 4 killings in Beijing . 
Former Democratic fund-raiser Thomas M. Gaubert , whose savings and loan was wrested from his control by federal thrift regulators , has been granted court permission to sue the regulators . 
3 . Decide whether you want a panel system or a single adjudicator . 
Nevertheless , an ANC rally by any other name is still an ANC rally . 
But it 's just one of those things that happened . 
It 's a sound phenomenon . '' 
Florio Fiorini , managing director of Geneva-based Sasea , said the investors would pay only a symbolic one lira for the station , `` but we have agreed to raise the capital that will enable the company to continue operating . 
Canadian Indians are taking five countries to court in a bid to stop low military flights over their homes , the Dutch Defense Ministry said . 
The man , it seems , has a Lichtenstein corporation , licensed in Libya and sheltered in the Bahamas . 
The bonds of SCI TV now are being quoted at prices ranging from only five cents to about 60 cents on the dollar , according to R.D. Smith & Co. in New York , which trades distressed securities . 
It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen for the year ending tomorrow and its liabilities currently exceed its assets by about 13.8 billion yen . `` 
The ANC leaders speak in tones of moderation , emphasizing discipline , hoping the government will be encouraged to take further steps , such as freeing Nelson Mandela , the most prominent ANC figure , and unbanning the organization . 
The agency may not have much choice : A congressional bill has been introduced that would force the agency to limit flight attendant duty time to 14 hours on U.S. flights and 16 hours on international trips . 
U.S. car dealers had an average of 59 days ' supply of cars in their lots at the end of September , according to Ward 's Automotive Reports . 
Consumers have been accustomed to buying soft-drinks at discounted prices for several years . 
At the opposite end of the market , Nissan launches its luxury Infiniti division on Nov. 8 -- three years after Honda pioneered Japanese luxury cars and two months after Toyota 's Lexus went on sale . 
We 've taken it on the chin . 
The company said it expects to pay the first dividend , of 12.5 cents a share , in the 1990 first quarter . 
Allstate Insurance Co. , a unit of Sears , Roebuck & Co. , said about 23 % of its personal property policyholders -- about 28 % in the San Franciso area -- also have earthquake coverage . 
The dollar was virtually unchanged . 
Thus , no standards , no judgment and no values . 
The Fed has allowed a key short-term interest rate to decline about one-quarter percentage point . 
Mitchell will get a half-interest in the oil . 
The peril of unlimited liability looms large for a number of them now . 
MiniScribe common closed yesterday at $ 1.9375 , down 6.25 cents , and has been trading for several months at less than $ 3 a share . 
`` Companies that have the most exposure to the business cycle have underperformed since late last summer . '' 
The transaction has been approved by Kyle 's board , but requires the approval of the company 's shareholders . 
Real-estate executives are lobbying to ease anti-tax-shelter rules . 
Consumers Power and Bechtel Power Corp. last year announced a joint venture to buy the plant , currently owned completely by the utility . 
Japan does n't have enough AIDS patients to do significant experimentation in that country , they said . 
There has been a lot of talk that a large portion of the Colombian economy is sustained by the laundering of drug money . 
Other furriers have also placed more weight on retailing . 
The stock received another blow on Friday , when Goldman Sachs analyst Eric Philo advised that investors with short-term horizons should avoid Dun & Bradstreet stock because it is unlikely to outperform the market . 
It has also rattled Federal 's strongly anti-union management , which is already contending with melding far-flung operations and with falling profits . 
Both the MNC and Beneficial offering were underwritten by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , the leading Wall Street firm in the home-equity securities market , which was created early this year . 
HUD officials said they will make available as many as 100 Bay area houses that are under HUD loans but now are vacant after the houses have been inspected to ensure they are sound . 
Of the total purchase price , $ 50 million cash and $ 30 million in stock ( nearly 1.8 million shares ) would be paid to buy the existing 700-room Marina Hotel & Casino from Southwest Securities , a Nevada limited partnership . 
President Bush and other supporters of SDI will be able to take credit for blocking House efforts to significantly cut the program to develop a space-based antimissile system , which already has cost some $ 17 billion . 
Enviropact said the proceeds will be used as working capital for expansion and to pay its existing tax liability of about $ 1.5 million that was due Sept. 15 . 
Under the new Northeast Utilities plan , it would pay $ 1.65 billion in cash to creditors and assume $ 100 million in pollution control bonds . 
Few telephone lines snapped . 
Mrs. Thi did n't wait for the reforms to get her start . 
The changes apply to prosecutions brought under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law . 
3 . In deciding whether forfeiture ( and , hence , a TRO ) is appropriate , the Section will consider the nature and severity of the offense ; the government 's policy is not to seek the fullest forfeiture permissible under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . 
New management can take several steps to reduce dishonesty . 
Projects in the talking or blueprint stage would add a further 48,000 rooms . 
But even a Japanese company that looks like a dog may turn out to be a good investment for a foreign concern , some management consultants maintain . 
But Mr. Roman flatly denied the speculation , saying Mr. Sorrell had tried several times to persuade him to stay , offering various incentives and in one instance sending a note with a case of wine ( The wine , naturally , was Seagram 's brand , an Ogilvy client ) . 
In his statement , Mr. Skase said preliminary accounts showed that group profit before interest , tax and depreciation `` will exceed A$ 170 million . '' 
BUELL INDUSTRIES Inc. halved its quarterly dividend to five cents a share , payable Nov. 17 to stock of record Nov. 3 . 
Lawmakers scrapped all of a $ 7.4 million State Department request for the 1992 Expo in Seville , Spain , but agreed elsewhere to $ 15,000 for an oil portrait of former Chief Justice Warren Burger . 
Revenue jumped nearly 17 % to $ 223.3 million from $ 191.4 million . 
`` Empty tank cars will float away on you if you get a big tidal surge . '' 
In recent months , they say , there has been heavy selling of junk bonds by some of the market 's traditional investors , while new buyers have n't materialized to replace them . 
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer . 
They repeatedly noted that environmental progress could not be secured without true ownership , genuine competition based on market factors , and the risk of bankruptcy if a business makes the wrong decisions . 
British sterling eased to $ 1.5775 from $ 1.5825 . 
Since the spring of 1985 , financial alchemists have transformed a wide variety of debt into these new securities . 
Using direct mail for a TV show is like fishing for whale with a breaded hook . 
Proceeds of the sale will be used to redeem C$ 675 million of government bonds maturing Nov. 1 and for general government purposes . 
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) even added report language listing $ 49.4 million in projects he wants in the budget next year . 
The clash of ideologies survives this treatment , but the nuance and richness of Gorky 's individual characters have vanished in the scuffle . 
Frank Gallagher , an analyst with Phoenix Capital Corp. in New York , estimates that the arbs paid an average of about $ 280 a share for their UAL positions . 
At a meeting with analysts , British Petroleum officials dispelled speculation that the company may take over a U.S. oil company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
Two Air Force facilities near Sacramento , and Travis Air Force Base , 50 miles northeast of San Francisco , were designated to serve as medical-airlift centers . 
The minimum coupon is 13 3\/4 % . 
`` These guys wanted to do something to show how powerful they are . '' 
DAF is 16%-owned by British Aerospace , with a further 6.5 % held by the Dutch state-owned chemical group NV DSM . 
BankAmerica Corp. reported a 34 % jump in third-quarter earnings , as its rocket-like recovery from nearly ruinous losses several years ago continued to be fueled by growth in consumer loans , higher interest margins and negligible loan losses . 
He found 85 still overvalued and 15 fairly valued . 
`` In reality it 's very volatile , but the movements are not because of market movements . 
But even if he effects a Hyde-to-Jekyll transformation , he will face a serious ideological crisis and Reunification Scenario Two . 
Observers said the market again failed to find a trading focus , discouraging much participation by investors . 
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School . 
The offering is rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , based on the quality of the underlying home equity loans and a letter of credit covering 10 % of the deal from Union Bank of Switzerland . 
`` What really matters is the operating income of the divisions : I look at these numbers and I say , these businesses are doing well , '' said Mark Manson , a vice president of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
Last month , Apple Computer Inc. said that it would n't invest in the group . 
The maker of software products and services , which had a net loss in the 1988 third quarter , earned 200,000 , or a penny a share , in this year 's quarter . 
Ford Motor Co. slated overtime again this week at its Wixom , Mich. ; Wayne , Mich. ; Kansas City , Mo. , and Norfolk , Va. , assembly plants . 
Net in the latest quarter included a pretax gain of $ 22.4 million from the sale of Combustion 's minority interest in Stein Industrie to GEC Alsthom N.V. of the Netherlands . 
Coffield Ungaretti Harris & Slavin brought in Howard A. Menell as a partner in its Washington , D.C. , office , which opened Oct. 1 . 
Soon after the merger , moreover , Federal 's management asked Tiger 's pilots to sign an agreement stating that they could be fired any time , without cause or notice . 
The previous year 's third quarter included gains on the sale of aircraft by the company 's Aviation Leasing & Services Division . 
Mr. Boren even spies a silver lining . 
AIDS dementia -- which gradually steals children 's ability to speak , walk and think -- is often the most striking aspect of the pediatric syndrome . 
Real estate operating income for the first nine months fell to $ 71.9 million from $ 143 million a year earlier , the company said . 
Harley-Davidson 's complaint claims that the group , led by investor Malcolm I. Glazer , violated securities laws by failing to disclose plans to purchase 15 % of the company 's shares outstanding and that when the required Hart-Scott-Rodino filing eventually was made , it did n't disclose the group 's alleged earlier violation of the so-called prior-notice requirements of the law . 
Darman now blames the clash on miscommunication , but House GOP leader Michel , who carried the offer to him , observes , `` I was speaking English at the time , and quite loud so I could be understood . '' 
The Dutch utility firm serves the Amsterdam and Utrecht areas . 
Developers are also eyeing the real estate portfolios of major corporations . 
He signed up for intelligence and counter-intelligence training under American officers at Fort Gulick in Panama in July 1967 , according to a copy of a 1983 resume with details Mr. Noriega has since classified as secret . 
Any quake-related losses will be reported in the fourth quarter , the company said . 
Interest rates barely budged from Tuesday 's levels . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Rohm & Haas closed at $ 33 a share , down $ 1.75 . 
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country . 
The human-based drug starts the blood sugar dropping sooner and drives it down faster , he said . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
In the year-ago period , the company earned $ 12.9 million , or 45 cents a share , on sales of $ 247 million . 
Mr. Seidman says he turned down a Lexus franchise in part because `` the building was gorgeous but very expensive . '' 
They want a 24-hour library . 
At least one analyst noted that as production improves , the concern among traders is whether the prospective increased supply will find buyers because of uncertainty over national economies . 
But even though Tokyo appears unharmed by recent market volatility , analysts and traders say there are still a few concerns on the horizon . 
Unlike larger contractors with a broad enough base to weather the downturn easily , these companies are suffering big drops in business as once-lucrative specialty niches in the massive military market erode or even disappear . 
Beijing lawmakers have called for jails to be built to house prostitutes and for severe punishment , including the death sentence , for anyone who induces or coerces women into prostitution . 
Efforts by a federal mediator to reignite talks between Boeing Co. and the Machinists union apparently failed , and no further meetings are scheduled . 
Anxious allies of President Mikhail Gorbachev are cautioning media leaders to take it easy , to be careful not to do anything that could be used by Mr. Gorbachev 's opponents . 
Imo Industries Inc. -- $ 150 million of senior subordinated debentures due 2001 , priced at par to yield 12 % . 
Unwilling to put up new money for New Zealand until those debts are repaid , most banks refused even to play administrative roles in the new financing , forcing an embarrassed Nomura to postpone it this week . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days . 
Traders nervously watching their Quotron electronic-data machines yesterday morning were stunned to see the Dow Jones Industrial Average plummet 99 points in seconds . 
`` We stand for peace today and we will stand for peace tomorrow , '' said Walter Sisulu , the ANC 's former secretary general who , along with five of his colleagues , served 26 years in prison before being released two weeks ago . 
The change in expected cash distributions from the Champs real estate investment trust stems from a revised estimate of administrative costs , said Jay R. Cohen , Champs executive vice president . 
The Fort Worth , Texas , company is generally regarded as one of the best-run in the business , and its difficulties are likely to be reflected industrywide as other major carriers report third-quarter results over the next several days . 
A third-quarter charge of $ 3.5 million related to planned restaurant closings resulted in a net loss for the quarter . 
`` Only two classes of minds would think of this -- very weak human players , and computers , '' said Edmar Mednis , the expert commentator for the match , which was attended by hundreds of chess fans . 
He explains that companies with real estate give `` security . '' 
But some market players still think earthquake speculation could have more impact on the oil markets . 
`` Many programs we have now come from the West and are not suitable to our culture , '' a government minister said . 
Then , Mr . Will says , `` you get a bidding war between two very rich , very determined international companies . '' 
`` There are an increasing number of people out there who are time-poor , '' said Chris Vroom , retail analyst with Alex . Brown & Sons of Baltimore . 
In the absence of humans , would the Earth enjoy a constant climate over the long term ? 
Flexible Portfolio Funds 
Earlier reports , which revealed that as many as 73 companies were avoiding income tax legally , have been credited with helping galvanize efforts to overhaul the tax code . 
Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's and single-A-minus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co . 
`` The coupon was raised to induce some of the big players on the fence to come in , '' said a spokesman for Donaldson . 
The California Democrat appeared embarrassed by provisions inserted on behalf of owners of private beaches in the Virgin Islands , and lumber interests sought to add another $ 100 million in federal aid to plant timber on private land in North and South Carolina . 
`` It 's going to be the leading edge technology in personal computers for the next few years . 
Polyvinyl chloride capacity `` has overtaken demand and we are experiencing reduced profit margins as a result , '' said John D. Ong , chairman and chief executive . 
There are many reasons for the market 's jumpiness : new trading vehicles such as stock-index futures and options ; computer-driven strategies like program trading ; and crowd psychology . 
Overall , the government contends that GE 's disclosure efforts largely were intended to `` curry favor '' with Pentagon officials without detailing the extent of the management lapses and allegedly pervasive billing irregularities uncovered by company investigations . 
MCI , which stepped up efforts to sell long-distance telephone service to residential customers , reported a 59 % jump in earnings . 
And on Mr. Engelken 's 40th birthday , his wife bought a book detailing the big homer and sent it off to Mr. Thomson to be autographed . 
This was George Bush 's own idea . 
Americans may not be so lucky the next time . 
While the theme is compelling , the plot and characters are not . 
Sometimes , they 'll choose Ragu spaghetti sauce ; other times , it will be Prego . 
As factors contributing to the temporary slowdown , he cited one-time rate reductions prescribed by California regulators as a prelude to a new framework that removes profit constraints . 
The company , which also has businesses in life insurance , office products and hardware , and home-improvement products , said net income rose to $ 166.4 million , or $ 1.71 a share , from $ 146.8 million , or $ 1.53 a share , a year earlier . 
Several other European central banks , notably in Britain , followed the West German Bundesbank 's lead by raising their own key rates . 
In a separate development , PS of New Hampshire gave 60 managers severance agreements that would pay one to three years ' salary if their jobs were changed or they were dismissed in the wake of a takeover . 
Sales for the Deerfield , Ill. , company rose 5.8 % to $ 1.81 billion from $ 1.71 billion . 
Disappointing earnings news from some technology companies unnerved investors in the over-the-counter market , who sold shares of Apple Computer , Intel and many other computer-related concerns . 
Takeover fever has cooled , removing a major horse from the market 's cart . 
Manufacturers have already spent so heavily on automation that they are one of the computer industry 's leading revenue sources . 
`` A significant increase in gold sales to 248,279 ounces for the quarter from 188,726 in the third quarter of 1988 was more than offset by the continued decline in average gold price realization to $ 367 from $ 429 per ounce , '' the company said . 
He also says he is losing money now . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Rey has been very careful since then to make sure his moves are welcome . 
Also beginning trading today on the Big Board are El Paso Refinery Limited Partnership , El Paso , Texas , ( ELP ) and Franklin Multi-Income Trust , San Mateo , Calif. , ( FMI ) . 
Now , the firm says it 's at a turning point . 
It is widely known within industry circles that Hess had to buy oil products in the high-priced spot markets to continue supplying its customers . 
Volume totaled 132.1 million shares , which is about average for the year . 
Specter , the vice chairman of the Senate 's evidence panel , said there was `` insufficient evidence to convict '' the Miami jurist . 
Ms. Bryant , the head of the state securities group , said Drexel has done a better job of settling with the states than E.F. Hutton did after its guilty plea to a massive check-kiting scheme several years ago . 
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share . 
Could the collapse of I-880 have been prevented ? 
The Dow Jones Transportation Average fell 32.71 to 1230.80 amid renewed weakness in the airline sector . 
The companies running the disaster ads certainly do n't see themselves as ambulance chasers , either . 
He plugged the contest on Larry King 's radio show , on Pat Sajak 's television show and on the C-SPAN cable television network . 
After a bad start , Treasury bonds were buoyed by a late burst of buying to end modestly higher . 
The lonely woman walks on in the direction of the Plaza de Alonso Martinez . 
The nation 's largest software company earned $ 9.6 million , or five cents a share , compared with $ 28 million , or 16 cents a share , a year earlier . 
That deadline has been extended once and could be extended again . 
Kidder competitors are n't outwardly hostile to the firm , as many are to a tough competitor like Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. that does n't have Kidder 's long history . 
The filing said the group continues to hold 3,481,887 remaining shares . 
But it would probably increase the amount of cash that debt-ridden Bond Corp. would earn from the transaction . 
IN SIZING UP the risks of stock-market investments , there 's probably no starting place better than `` beta . '' 
Clifford Stahl , president and chief investment officer of C-S Capital Advisors Inc. , two weeks ago sold his Cincinnati firm 's 107,100 Jaguar ADRs at about 10 each , making a tidy profit on a holding purchased at 4 7\/8 in early May . 
However , home builders would have to bear the full costs of such beach-house construction . 
`` All this may not be obvious to the public , which is concerned about advances in treatment , but I am convinced this basic research will begin showing results there soon . '' 
That meant no trading would occur in the final seconds , as a way of making sure that last-second orders are n't subjected to a sudden price swing that would upset customers . 
The company said it expects consumers will adjust to higher-priced soft drinks . 
`` You people here think this is Russian music , '' she said with disdain , and called over to the waitress : `` Could you turn it off ? '' 
Wieden & Kennedy , Portland , Ore. , was named to handle the News Corp. publication 's $ 1 million to $ 2 million trade-ad account . 
Mr. Lesk could n't be reached to comment . 
In fixing rates the choice of initial parities is crucial , for example , and perhaps he picked the wrong pound-DM rate . 
TVX owns five stations , including WTXF , a Fox affiliate , in Philadelphia . 
Mitchell Energy & Development Corp. became the partner , ponying up more than half of the $ 600,000 in drilling and start-up costs . 
The idea was to `` insure '' the value of a portfolio by selling futures when stock prices dropped -- eliminating the need to sell the stocks themselves . 
The issue is rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P . 
`` I said , ` NOW ? ' 
`` There 's nothing on the other side . '' 
South Korean President Roh Tae Woo , brushing aside suggestions that the won be revalued again , said the currency 's current level against the dollar is `` appropriate . '' 
H. Anthony Ittleson was elected a director of this company , which primarily has interests in radio and television stations , increasing the number of seats to five . 
The Supreme Court let stand a New York court 's ruling that the manufacturers of a drug once used to prevent miscarriages must share liability for injuries or deaths when the maker of an individual dose is unknown . 
The New York Stock Exchange is expected to launch its own program trading vehicle today , just as controversy over this trading strategy heats up . 
Prudential currently is seeking approval to offer a new fund offering a return equal to the S&P 500 index plus 5\/100 of a percentage point . 
`` It 's like fighting your way out of a fog . 
Edward Carlson awoke one morning last month to find eight holes in his front yard where his prized miniature palms , called cycads , once stood . 
While there are n't any major deals in the works currently on the scale of Sony Corp. 's recent $ 3.4 billion agreement to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , observers do n't rule out a transaction of that size . 
There was no appreciable market impact from the California earthquake . 
She thought I was n't getting my practicing done . '' 
She was interested only if she could guide it editorially as well . 
The `` anti-hooligan '' law , which would deprive troublemakers of cards , must be ratified by the House of Lords and is expected to become effective early next year . 
`` Our business is constantly looking at all these things , '' he says . 
The Coke spokesman said a caffeine-free Classic should help increase volume of the original brand . 
Yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills , an estimated $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor , Education , and Health and Human Services . 
In the Missouri case , unforeseen consequences may have arisen because the high court reinstated the preamble of the state 's 1986 abortion law . 
They said the price would be around $ 10 million . 
A four-stock portfolio is still exposed to a great deal of unnecessary risk . 
I was appalled to read the misstatements of facts in your Oct. 13 editorial `` Colombia 's Brave Publisher . '' 
There have been some reports that Mr. Krenz is moving to `` soften '' his reputation , notably rumors that it was he who kept East Germany 's state police off protesters ' backs at the country 's dismal 40th anniversary celebrations earlier this month . 
The executive said that the anticipated earnings increase is fairly modest because Nissan is spending heavily to bolster its dealership network in Japan and because of currency-exchange fluctuations . 
That 's what will keep computer makers coming in spite of the irritation of bugs . 
He and his father still spend time each summer fly-fishing for salmon in Iceland . 
This legislation was not drafted by a handful of Democratic `` do-gooders . '' 
The building-materials concern did n't disclose terms of the sale , which will close in the first quarter of next year . 
Massage also has an image problem to contend with . 
For example , the proposed overhaul of prices -- an extremely sensitive political topic -- is far more precise than the vague plans announced by Mr. Gorbachev in 1987 and later dropped . 
It can happen in any industry . 
With the dust settling from the failed coup attempt in Panama , one of the many lingering questions the Bush administration will ponder is this : Is the National Security Council staff big enough , and does it have enough clout , to do its job of coordinating foreign policy ? 
But university computer specialists , who welcomed the move , called it a necessary retreat from the cutting edge of technology and one that 's likely to increase Next 's sales on campuses . 
The utility 's stock closed at $ 4 a share , up 37.5 cents , in composite trading on the Big Board . 
At that time , Sam Merksamer , president of the chain , angrily denied that his company was about to file . 
-- Sophomore football player . 
Rivals carp at `` the principle of Pilson , '' as NBC 's Arthur Watson once put it -- `` he 's always expounding that rights are too high , then he 's going crazy . '' 
After she heard about the artery-clogging hazards of tropical oils in many cookies , she dropped Pepperidge Farm and started buying brands free of such oils . 
On the periphery , rescue workers seem , from the air , to move in slow motion . 
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration . 
London-based LIT Holdings , the largest financer of traders in the Chicago options and futures markets , said yesterday it will incur a second-half loss as a result of the market plunge . 
`` I felt kind of safe , '' she says . 
Kyushu Electric Power Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of 8 7\/8 % bonds due Nov. 28 , 1996 , priced at 101 7\/8 to yield 8 7\/8 % less full fees , via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd . 
Many investors give Michael Foods about as much chance of getting it together as Humpty Dumpty . 
But yesterday , as the morning wore on , some major West Coast refinery operators -- including Chevron Corp. , Exxon Corp. and the Shell Oil Co. unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group -- said their refineries were n't damaged and were continuing to operate normally . 
The new rules will allow investors to buy foreign stocks directly . 
Nippon Kangyo 's moves puzzled traders and created confusion among potential investors , many of whom decided to stay out of the market . 
In the last few weeks , Moscow has added FROG-7B missiles , the bomber version of the An-12 , MiG-23BN high-altitude aircraft , MiG-29s , which can outfly Pakistan 's U.S.-built F16s , and Sukhoi SU-27 fighter-bombers , which can outfly the MiG-29s . 
Not unexpectedly , wives , whether working or non-working , did by far the most -- about 80 % of the shopping , laundry and cooking , and about two-thirds of housecleaning , washing dishes , child care and family paper work . 
According to veteran watchers of Unificationist affairs , such as Dr. J. Gordon Melton , director of the Institute for the Study of American Religion , almost all operations are being drastically reduced as Mr. Moon now concentrates more on developing his empire in the Far East . 
Representatives of the Inuit and Cree peoples living in Quebec and Labrador in northeastern Canada told the ministry of the planned action at a meeting , a ministry spokesman said . 
The loss stems from $ 357.5 million of write-downs on Columbia 's $ 4.4 billion high-yield investment securities portfolio , which includes about $ 3.7 billion of junk bonds , $ 400 million of preferred stock , and Treasury securities . 
In the last hour of the trading day , December contract took a tumble to end the session 10 cents lower at $ 19.62 a barrel . 
The hard drive , which is the storage device of choice for virtually every desktop computer user , also now will supplement Next 's futuristic optical device if buyers pay full price . 
The airline 's share price already is far below the 210 pence ( $ 3.33 ) level seen after the company announced the rights issue in late September . 
`` They ca n't buy feed from the state . 
No one has alleged that the donations were by themselves illegal . 
With the $ 3 million received from investors , he took frequent junkets with friends to exotic locales and leased an expensive BMW for his girlfriend , whom he met at the shop where he got his custom-tailored suits . 
Proceeds of the loan agreement , together with funds from Vitro , will permit the purchase of all shares outstanding of Anchor and the payment of all related costs and expenses . 
On Friday , the American Diabetes Association issued a similar statement urging the six million U.S. diabetics not to overreact to the British report . 
Because of the charge , Ashland expects to report a loss for the fourth quarter and `` significantly lower results '' for fiscal 1989 . 
Now Mr. Phillips says he hopes to have the new system in place for several clients -- including American Express , American Telephone & Telegraph and Ryder -- by year 's end . 
The state could also increase gasoline taxes ; every one penny increase in the tax would yield $ 11 million a month . 
`` Parenthood , '' this summer 's successful and amusing movie about parents and children , apparently was only the beginning . 
`` The oldest designer got to work on the dashboard , '' she recalls . 
`` There is nothing wrong with the company , '' says Coniston principal Paul Tierney . 
AT&T said it expects to beat to the marketplace two rivals , Northern Telecom Ltd. of Canada and France 's Alcatel N.V. , which also have announced Sonet-based products . 
`` They may get passed up later when other publishers get their acts together , but for now they are the quickest offering the most extensive plan , '' he said . 
The billion-dollar question is , How much are those benefits worth ? 
AYER TALKS : 
PWA said it also expects to announce by Tuesday whether it will take delivery of all 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft it previously ordered . 
Rally 's also said it formed a committee of three directors , who are n't associated with either the Patterson or Sugarman groups , to analyze the situation . 
And IBM said it expects the costs to continue climbing . 
Gandhi 's family has ruled independent India for all but five years of its 42-year history . 
Weisfield 's surged 14 to 53 after agreeing in principle to be acquired by a unit of Ratners Group for $ 50 a share . 
On that film , which is to start shooting in a few months , `` they 've been very much involved , hiring talent and discussing the development of the script . 
The suit sets the firms ' liability at more than $ 185 million . 
The proposed changes also would allow executives to report exercises of options later and less often . 
Rejection has been the major obstacle in the approximately 30,000 organ transplants performed world-wide each year . 
And the sets are wider , resembling the dimensions of a movie screen . 
A White House budget office analysis estimates that $ 500 million -- or half the level in the committee bill -- is needed for highway assistance to meet California 's needs , and the administration rejects the notion that new appropriations are needed to finance disaster loans by the Small Business Administration . 
At Air Products , meanwhile , the mailroom staff opens junk mail and often throws it away -- even if addressed to an individual . 
`` That means we can accept orders '' and begin getting back to normal , says Ms. Tharp . 
Other Western Union securities were also lower . 
Allen B. Richards Peterborough , N.H . 
That leaves the pilots still in need of cash totaling around $ 1 billion -- far more than either they or the flight attendants can lay their hands on from retirement funds alone . 
J.C. Penney Co. -- 
Meanwhile , fewer than 10 % of the healthy cells were killed . 
Stocks are much riskier than Treasury bills , for example , because the range in performance from the best years to the worst is much wider . 
`` The work was done properly , '' he said . 
When he visited the company 's office , he says , it had `` all the trappings of legitimacy . '' 
The trade and CBI reports refocused attention on high interest rates and corporate profitability and helped rekindle underlying concerns over prospects for a recession in the U.K. , dealers said . 
`` I firmly believe in angels , devils and ghosts , '' says Mr. Warren , whose business card identifies him as a `` demonologist . '' 
And the stock market 's recent gyrations are a painful reminder of the dangers there . 
Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses . 
Markets -- 
The foreign-exchange and government securities markets are vastly larger . 
You built your career on prejudice and hate . 
Growing public fears about the Soviet environment is one new factor affecting some joint-venture plans . 
The announcement fueled speculation for future advances in the shares . 
The 49-nation organization , meeting in Malaysia , called for tighter financial pressure immediately . 
`` It was like a comedy of errors , '' says Martin J. `` Hoot '' McInerney , a big dealer whose Star Lincoln-Mercury-Merkur operation in Southfield , Mich. , sold more XR4Ti 's than any other dealership . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Do n't forget , trout have very soft mouths . '' 
For the first time since the 1987 crash , traders said that they were able to trade several hundred S&P 500 contracts at a time in a highly liquid market . 
The main argument for growth stocks is their usually superior performance in a slowing economy . 
Sales rose 7.4 % to 1.255 trillion yen from 1.168 trillion yen . 
Mr. Rosen , though , believes imports have reinvigorated the industry in which he has worked for most of his 57 years . 
Mr. Simmons declined to comment , and the White House said the congressmen 's letter is under review . 
Prudential Insurance is based in Newark , N.J . 
The Internal Revenue Service plans to restructure itself more like a private corporation . 
`` Many scholars are of the opinion that the mere existence of the penalty deters many people from the commission of capital crimes , '' says Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R. , Utah ) . 
The steep climb in producer prices reported last Friday fostered pessimism about lower interest rates and contributed to the stock market 's 6.9 % plunge that day . 
Here in this new center for Japanese assembly plants just across the border from San Diego , turnover is dizzying , infrastructure shoddy , bureaucracy intense . 
Rhone-Poulenc , a chemical and pharmaceutical company , said RTZ Chemicals has annual sales of about $ 900 million . 
Consolidated Papers Inc. said it plans to spend $ 495 million on new paper-manufacturing equipment and facilities . 
Company officials say they are studying various proposals but wo n't discuss details . 
New York City 's revised financial plan , due out later this month , is expected to include measures to balance the city 's $ 27 billion budget . 
The government is projecting a # 14 billion surplus for the fiscal year . 
`` Anyone telling you to buy stocks in this market is technically irresponsible . 
Investor Arthur Goldberg is pursuing a $ 32-a-share takeover offer . 
J. Nicholas Hahn , Cotton Inc. 's president and chief executive , was an outspoken critic of WPP Group 's acquisition of Ogilvy Group earlier this year . 
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking-related business . 
Price Co. jumped 2 1\/4 to 44 on 1.7 million shares . 
In a remark someone should remember this time next year , Senator Sasser said , `` I think we 've seen the peak of military construction spending for many years to come . '' 
But by all accounts foreign companies have bought only a relative handful of Japanese companies this year , while Japanese companies have acquired hundreds of foreign companies . 
Most earn high ratings from credit agencies . 
Remember that it took Mr. Mengistu many months , in what became known as the `` creeping coup , '' to topple Emperor Haile Selassie in 1974 and 1975 . 
The wholesale price index , based on 1963 as 100 , was 180.9 in September . 
I think re-enactments stink . '' 
Gen. Paul X. Kelley , retired commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps , was elected a director of this plastics , specialty materials and aerospace concern , succeeding Jewel Lafontant , who resigned to accept a government position . 
He figures P&G will expand its personal-care product line in Japan to `` continue that momentum . '' 
But small business , which generally detests government-mandated benefits , has taken note of the growing number of close votes . 
Mr. Carpenter notes that these types of investors also are `` sophisticated '' enough not to complain about Kidder 's aggressive use of program trading . 
Apogee Robotics Inc. said its board extended until Feb. 1 the exercise period of Apogee 's existing stock purchase warrants outstanding . 
The foes of abortion hold the strong whip hand in Pennsylvania , where abortion-rights activists are so much on the defensive that their strategy is less to fight the proposed legislation than it is to stress how the state legislature does n't reflect the viewpoints of the state 's citizens . 
The almanac will be making new friends and enemies on Oct. 27 , when an updated version will be released . 
In Tokyo , stocks had a second-consecutive loss Monday in quiet trading with the exception of concentrated buying in some incentive-backed issues . 
This wage inflation is bleeding the NFL dry , the owners contend . 
As it is , we identify national goals and the threats to these goals , we shape a strategy to counter these threats , we determine the forces needed to execute the strategy , before finally forging the budgets needed to build and maintain the forces . 
`` I would n't say we 're out of the business . 
The envelope arrives in the mail . 
John W. Rush 
Mrs. Marcos 's attorney in New York , Sandor Frankel , declined to comment on the ruling . 
McCormick Capital Inc. said the final proration factor was 0.628394 on its oversubscribed , $ 3-a-share tender offer to buy back as many as 1.1 million of its common shares . 
By the time a recession is `` official '' ( two consecutive quarters of declining gross national product ) , much of the damage to stocks has already been done - and , in the typical case , the recession is already half over . 
It 's all part of a new `` command center . '' 
Conversely , there are the majority of unsuccessful schools , and we know which efforts at educational reform are doomed beforehand . 
This earthy , amusing film answers with a resounding `` yes . '' 
`` I 'm not going to be stampeded into overreacting to any of this , President Bush told Mr. Apple in this week 's interview . 
A breakdown showed that food prices were the most active part of growth with a rise of 0.6 % . 
Since then she has become wealthy . 
Seven Japanese department-store groups were approached by investment bankers representing Bloomingdale 's chairman , Marvin Traub , and more than half are seeking additional information on the group , bankers say . 
Such dignity `` has to do crucially with a butler 's ability not to abandon the professional being he inhabits . '' 
For one thing , an investor 's portfolio might not closely match the S&P 100 . 
General Motors Corp. wants to buy as much as 15 % of Jaguar PLC , marking its first salvo in a possible full-scale battle against Ford Motor Co. for control of the British car maker . 
Nissan Motor Co. 's Infiniti division likes to insist that every dealer construct and furnish a building in a Japanese style . 
NOW YOU SEE IT , now you do n't . 
Some in Hollywood suggest Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters took encouragement from Warner studio executives such as Mr. Semel and Mr. Canton too literally . 
Sales increased 36 % to $ 683 million from $ 502 million . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Those hopes were dashed when the stock market put in a relatively quiet performance . 
He manned the UAL post yesterday with Christopher Bates , 33 , an energetic Long Islander who 's a dead ringer for actor Nicolas Cage . 
But the chairman 's supporters have the upper hand as federal regulators press a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and others . 
But the dollar was mixed . 
I attend , and so does a television crew from New York City . 
Slightly more , like Leslie Sherren , a law librarian in San Francisco who attends dance aerobics five times a week , exercise to relieve stress . 
A cake topped with a replica of the center will be auctioned at an AIDS benefit at Sotheby 's in December . 
They looked at the miniature and saw a giant folly . 
Erik Keller , a Gartner Group analyst , said organizational changes may still be required to really take advantage of CIM 's capabilities -- someone on the shop floor may not like having someone in an office using a personal computer to look over his shoulder , for instance , and may be able to prevent that from happening . 
He often groans , he says , at the `` clutter '' of sports stories about drugs , alcohol , gambling and some player 's lament `` about the miserly millions he is offered to play the game . '' 
It also allows people to buy the best and the cheapest goods from anywhere in the world . 
Mr. Breeden contended that discretionary power could have an impact on the markets if rumors were to circulate about when the exchanges might be closed . 
A French Crusader crash a few months ago heightened pressure for new planes here . 
The two boards said in a joint statement that the proposed merger agreement was considered in separate board meetings in Oslo Monday . 
The proposed guidelines could also delay commercialization -- and force small companies to waste scarce capital , entrepreneurs say . 
Some of the bill 's supporters had taken heart from the fact that the letter was n't signed by Mr. Skinner and that it did n't contain a veto threat . 
`` It was a timing mistake . '' 
In a statement , Craig O. McCaw , chairman and chief executive officer of McCaw , said : `` We trust LIN will take no further actions that favor BellSouth . '' 
He also has kept a close wrap on the names of people under consideration for the crucial post of enforcement director at the commission , a job vacant since the summer . 
Pravda , meanwhile , has retained only 57 % of its 1986 readership . 
The government is nervous . 
UAL has fallen $ 87.25 , or 31 % , in the three trading days since disclosure of the buy-out 's collapse jolted the stock market . 
Upon examination , however , I wondered whether the plan made a lot of sense . 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
Prosecutors depict a company that allegedly sat on damaging evidence of overcharges from 1983 to 1985 , despite warnings from an internal auditor . 
Defense experts say joint projects are increasingly squeezed by budget pressures and the desire to save domestic jobs ; some also fear rising protectionism as European unity nears . 
Currently , Avon , based in Santa Monica , Calif. , has 3.3 million common shares outstanding . 
The company also cited the stronger dollar , which cuts the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars . 
The company was founded in Sacramento in 1929 by two brothers , Ralph and Walter Merksamer , who operated as DeVon 's Jewelers . 
Japan suspended imports of French mushrooms after finding some contaminated by radiation , an official of the Ministry of Health and Welfare said . 
But out on Cobb Parkway , Ted Negas sees it differently . 
As the yield on New York general obligation bonds rose , the Bond Buyer 20-bond general obligation index , the mostly widely followed gauge of the tax-exempt market , held steady at 7.19 % in the week ended Oct. 19 . 
But above all , this is the national headquarters for boiler-room operators , those slick-talking snake-oil salesmen who use the telephone to extract money from the gullible and the greedy and then vanish . 
Separately , the House last night approved a nearly $ 67 billion compromise spending bill providing the first construction funds for the administration 's ambitious space station in fiscal 1990 and incorporating far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
French President Francois Mitterrand , European Community Commission President Jacques Delors , Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and others have begun linking the rapid changes in the East to the need to speed up changes in the West . 
And the company is certain to get out some aircraft with just supervisors and other non-striking employees on hand . 
Many women may even see the dead embryo they have expelled , a sight the surgical-abortion industry typically spares them . 
Beech Aircraft Corp. , a unit of Raytheon Co. , received an $ 11.5 million Air Force contract for C-12 aircraft support . 
In addition to softer production data , weaker housing starts and lower corporate profits currently in evidence , some analysts believe the two recent natural disasters -- Hurricane Hugo and the San Francisco earthquake -- will carry economic ramifications in the fourth quarter . 
A spokesman for Phoenix , Ariz.-based Valley National , said the concern will be able to withstand the current downturn in Arizona real estate . 
Both deny wrongdoing . 
`` But if you 're an individual investing money and trying to get it back again , then that is n't of overwhelming importance . '' 
Nobody has any credible estimate . 
Trained dolphins : pur-poises . 
RJR Nabisco Inc. awarded its national broadcast media-buying assignment to FCB\/Leber Katz Partners , the New York outpost of Chicago-based Foote , Cone & Belding . 
I , for instance , was perfectly happy at Avery Fisher Hall the other day listening to Helmuth Rilling conduct the Messa per Rossini , a strange piece written by 13 different Italian composers to honor Rossini after his death in 1868 . 
In audio equipment , sales rose 13 % to 44.3 billion yen from 39.19 billion yen . 
The offer was automatically triggered by the recent sale of Control Data 's Imprimis disk-drive business to Seagate Technology Inc . 
The agreement also calls for General Electric Pension , a unit of General Electric Co. , to receive as much as 10 % of Color Systems ' fully diluted common stock , depending on the proceeds from the sale of the AEI Film Library and its receivables . 
Though the ink is barely dry on its new , post-bankruptcy law structure , Bill Bullock , Manville 's head of investor relations , says the company is continually pondering `` whether there is a better way to be structured . 
But Gov. Deukmejian and others are reluctant to do anything to harm the state 's chances of sharply raising gasoline taxes on a permanent basis . 
Mr. Sugarman called the lawsuit `` not nice '' and said his group will continue to push for control of the company and the removal of certain directors . 
Massage advocates say that kneading the head , shoulders , neck and back can go a long way toward easing tension and improving morale . 
Lone Star 's Bond Corp. parent , for instance , hails from Perth , Australia . 
The company also pleased analysts by announcing four new store openings planned for fiscal 1990 , ending next August . 
And the egg producers have done a pretty good job . 
Many aspects of the bill are salutary , providing appropriate public safeguards that can and should be instituted throughout the industry . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.38 , off 0.11 ; spot index 130.09 , off 0.71 . 
Television last week carried a new report on East Berlin 's main wallpaper factory and the need to boost production . 
Product delays , however , have left Dell buffeted by harsher competition in its bread-and-butter line of desktop computers , as powerhouse competitors Compaq Computer Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. price their PCs more aggressively . 
That segment continues to post strong quarter-to-quarter gains , while the low-end , or commodity segment , of the industry is experiencing sluggish growth or even sales declines . 
Dow Chemical Co. said its Destec Energy Inc. unit has agreed to buy PSE Inc. , a Houston energy company , in a deal valued at about $ 115 million . 
I guess we 're all living very tentatively here , waiting for the expected but dreaded aftershock . 
`` You should really think twice if you think you can out-smart the system . '' 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Materials and production costs also rose , TRW said . 
On top of that , Boeing would make cost-of-living adjustments projected to be 5 % for each year of the contract . 
Frank plans the program , takes care of business , and approaches the work like any other job . 
The collection was at the heart of a grandiose plan Mr. Paul had in which the art was to do double duty -- as an investment for CenTrust and as decoration for the S&L 's new office tower , designed by I.M. Pei . 
NBC , a unit of General Electric Co. , has n't decided on a permanent replacement for the canceled series . 
GATT membership will not matter to Donbas coal miners short of soap , nor will a START treaty make any difference to Ukrainian nationalists . 
There is an element of make-work involved . 
Mr. Bailey said he expects to name a new group president to head that operation following the Nov. 8 board meeting . 
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler . 
The company has been considered an industry leader in advocating cooperation and voluntary disclosures of improper or inflated billing practices . 
Probing more deeply into the doctrine of `` judicial restraint , '' he would have found a long history going back to the great decisions of Justice Holmes . 
In the corporate bond market , traders said the new-issue market for junk bonds is likely to pick up following Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. 's $ 475 million junk bond offering Friday . 
HEALTH-CARE experts have long worried that young doctors emerging from medical school with a mountain of debt will choose careers in high-paying specialties instead of primary care , where more physicians are needed most . 
On Isaac Stern 's recording it 's very biting . '' 
If this were 1949 , Mr. Boren might even succeed . 
And unlike IBM 's water-cooled mainframes , it does n't need any plumbing . 
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc . 
Pension reserves , on the other hand , made up a relatively small part of household assets until the last decade , when they skyrocketed . 
He said he expects IBM to unveil similar strategies for other industries in coming months . 
People who remain in junk funds now could get hit again , some analysts and fund specialists say . 
But is he so clever that he has achieved the political equivalent of making water run uphill ? 
The benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at 100 28\/32 to yield 8.04 % , compared with 101 19\/32 to yield 7.97 % Monday . 
It 's difficult to be that consistently wrong . '' 
A Series that was shaping up as the dullest since the one-sided Detroit-over-San Diego go of 1984 has become memorable in the least fortunate way . 
Hiroyuki Murai , general manager of the stock trading division at Nikko Securities , said that after looking at the reasons for Friday 's Wall Street plunge , participants realized that the Tokyo and New York markets have different economic fundamentals . 
The latter may seem oddly irrelevant , if not downright trivial , given the big picture and the way we have handled it in the nation 's capital has done nothing to dispel that impression . 
Revenue grew 13 % to $ 734.8 million from $ 650.9 million . 
But the Oct. 17 temblor put a halt to much nonessential building , and heavy rains last week slowed the rest , freeing construction workers for earthquake repairs . 
But Welles 's theater company turned out to have a brief -- one might say a mercurial -- existence . 
The narrower Financial Times 30-share index fell 29.6 to 1730.7 . 
And hardly surprising , many residents trying to cope with the city 's other problems are constantly on edge , one ethnic group scrapping with another . 
The package is more than $ 1 billion above the recommendations of Budget Director Richard Darman this week . 
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer-driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . '' 
The average yield on the bills was 7.35 % , down from 7.61 % at the previous 52-week bill auction Sept. 21 . 
California lawmakers want to eliminate temporarily a $ 100 million cap on the amount of federal highway relief for each state for each disaster , as well as a prohibition on using the emergency highway aid to repair toll roads . 
House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) helped secure $ 49.7 million for his state , or more than double the Pentagon 's budget . 
But in today 's overbuilt market , tenants have many choices and are negotiating low rents that squeeze building owners . 
Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets and focus operations on Canada , Indonesia and other international areas . 
Dow closed at $ 94.625 a share , up 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
A few years ago , parents usually had to hire a sitter or take turns skiing while one spouse stayed with the children . 
Since then , Della Femina won Pan Am as an international client and also does work for a few packaged-goods clients , including Dow Chemical Co. 's Saran Wrap . 
Over the past three years , thousands of people here have made use of looser travel restrictions to get their first taste of life abroad . 
Brown had no proof ; but testimony of his mother and stepmother about his father and of an ex-employer about his honesty and habits satisfied a judge that Brown was truthful and his tale of gifts was possible . 
As recently as August , the company said it did n't foresee a need for substantial additions to reserves . 
Fireman 's Fund property-liability subsidiaries reported a 120.7 % combined underwriting ratio for the nine months , up from 108.4 % for the year-ago period . 
Dow Jones industrials 2683.20 , up 39.55 ; transportation 1263.51 , up 15.64 ; utilities 215.42 , up 1.45 . 
Faced with another Mr. Honecker , so many despairing East Germans are likely to flee that the two German peoples will get their reunification , de facto , on West German ground . 
But further major advances on the Nikkei are n't foreseen this week by market observers . 
A number of those polled predict the dollar will slip as the Federal Reserve eases interest rates . 
Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Vice Chancellor Maurice A. Hartnett III of Delaware 's Court of Chancery heard arguments for more than two hours here , but he made no comment and asked no questions . 
`` It 's unlikely extracting the gas will cause subsidence , '' says a spokeswoman . 
Until the building is completed , Exxon will rent part of an existing office tower . 
`` A very striking illusion , '' Mr. Hyman says now , his voice dripping with skepticism , `` but an illusion nevertheless . '' 
Still , there is money to be made . 
How quickly things change . 
U.S. oil supplies , however , had peaked in 1970 and 1971 and by 1973 were declining . 
Mr. Wolf and other members of the board declined to comment on the announcement . 
For instance ? 
The funeral home and cemetery operator changed from a fiscal year to a calendar year in December . 
Most of all though , the show is redeemed by the character of Mancuso . 
Individuals familiar with the negotiations said the partial settlement being negotiated would remove the Boesky partnership , the British fund and Mr. Boesky as defendants , while Drexel and other defendants would remain . 
On average in the latest nine months , company-operated units in the U.S. had $ 90,552 more in sales than did franchised outlets . 
Instead , it is to seek out corporate financing business and sell investment products on behalf of the family 's mainstay banking units : N M Rothschild & Sons Ltd. in London , Rothschild & Cie. in Paris and Rothschild Bank AG in Zurich . 
`` I 've been struggling against that for years , '' says Jonathan Rodgers , who runs WBBM-TV , the CBS-owned station in Chicago . 
A Turner spokesman would n't speculate on the extent of the charge 's effect on the quarter 's earnings , but said the company continues to expect to report a net loss for 1989 . 
But John LaWare , a Fed governor , told the subcommittee the evidence is mixed and that the Fed 's believes the vast majority of banks are n't discriminating . 
Soon we have our limit of the shimmering fish stippled in rose-gold and black . 
The Nikkei , which reached as high as 35611.38 right after the opening , surrendered part of its early advance toward the end of the day because of profit-taking . 
Santa Fe Pacific Realty owns 2.8 million acres of property , including 219 buildings with more than 11 million square feet of space . 
In recent months , more than 25 agencies have been robbed , compared with only a handful all last year , according to police and travel-agency groups . 
`` We have invested in improved editorial quality and expanded our quality audience without substantially increasing our costs . 
The analyst said it will take about two to three months before the mine begins to produce copper in significant quantities . 
The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P . 
The aerospace concern earned $ 28.8 million , or 61 cents a share , a year earlier . 
They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : `` Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him or ... disapproved by him ... . '' 
Gollust , Tierney & Oliver is likely to contribute more than the $ 120 million in equity it had planned on . 
Like other East Bloc countries , Poland possesses environmental laws more honored in their breach than in their observance . 
The two countries aim to reach an agreement by early December on a package of accelerated tariff cuts that would take effect early next year . 
Indeed , there are legitimate hedging strategies used by managers of large portfolios such as pension funds that involve program trading as a means of protecting the assets of their pension beneficiaries . '' 
In the engine department , several companies displayed experimental models that within a decade could provide power equal to today 's engines and yet take up only half the space , allowing for shorter hoods . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
And Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. scrambled to restructure and improve the potential returns on a $ 475 million debenture offering by Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. that was still being negotiated late last night . 
Sometimes they are constructive , but often not . 
But , as he and his skilled team soon discover , they 're up against two factors they had n't counted on : first , a business climate in which a failing company with few assets and many debts can borrow against the assets of the successful company it hopes to acquire in order to finance the takeover ; second , that standing behind AIW is a sinister consortium of much bigger , shadier and shrewder foreign interests secretly providing the money and muscle for the deal . 
These include office and residential real estate giant , HelmsleySpear Inc. , and Helmsley Hotels . 
The bonds are rated double-A-2 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , according to the lead underwriter . 
( Its stake is even smaller if life insurance is included . ) 
This left the computer with a broader range of plausible replies -- and it immediately blundered by moving a queenside pawn , to the neglect of kingside development . 
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances . 
Around Thanksgiving , the Solar Max satellite , which NASA repaired in orbit in 1984 , will tumble back into the Earth 's atmosphere . 
Which types of stocks currently have the greatest earnings risks ? 
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors . 
Roughly a third of the charities reviewed flunk the test . 
Wilfred closed its Massachusetts schools earlier this year . 
That 's the way a lot of brokers feel today on the second anniversary of the 1987 stock-market crash . 
Chubb , whose net income for the quarter exceeded most analysts ' expectations , rallied 3 3\/4 to 86 1\/2 . 
Even Ms. Johnson herself made that assumption . 
`` They 've stepped up to the plate to take the write-downs , but when markets head down , a company is always exposed to further negative surprises , '' Mr. Hoyt said . 
So far , Mr. Paul has unloaded but three of his masterpieces , he wo n't say to whom . 
The West German chemical concern said it will close the last remaining fertilizer plant in Oberhausen in the fall of next year . 
But CBS will put the athletes up against Bill Cosby , `` Cheers '' and other shows in NBC 's No. 1 schedule . 
There , amid oil paintings and marble tables , massages are administered every Wednesday . 
`` More money has been lost reaching for yield than in all the stock speculations , scams and frauds of all time . '' 
The action increases the annual dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.08 . 
MCA said it expects the proposed transaction to be completed `` no later than Nov. 10 . 
'' ( Investigators stress that building owners are victims , too , since boiler rooms often leave without paying rent . ) 
On the life insurance side , Pearl Group finished 5 lower at 640 , and Sun Life dropped 15 to # 11.53 . 
There are $ 15,845,000 of 7 3\/8 % bonds priced at par and due 2004 ; $ 22,985,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2009 ; and $ 82.6 million of 7.60 % bonds priced at par and due 2019 . 
Both moves are effective today . 
`` His side of the business has been successful in a tough environment , '' Mr. Rubel said . 
The company attacked the government 's allegations as `` reckless and baseless mudslinging , '' and said its management `` promptly and accurately reported '' to the Pentagon all relevant information about billing practices . 
Lamson & Sessions , which posted sharply lower third-quarter earnings and forecast that results for the fourth quarter might be `` near break-even , '' fell 1\/2 to 9 1\/4 . 
Or , for that matter , the core . 
Charles Nathan , co-head of mergers and acquisitions at Salomon Brothers Inc. , says it is natural for banks to try to expand beyond their bread-and-butter business of providing senior debt for buy-outs . 
UAL stock declined by 9 to 161 after nobody surfaced to claim credit for aggressive buying Tuesday by Bear Stearns that sent UAL stock up 35 points in a matter of hours . 
Most recently , she has become the publisher of Movieline , a four-year-old Los Angeles magazine that began national distribution last month , with an initial press run of 100,000 copies . 
Thomas Spiegel , Columbia 's chairman , said in a statement that the thrift was `` disappointed '' by the effects of the accounting changes . 
Many other tax benefits also were swept away . 
On Friday , Datuk Daim added spice to an otherwise unremarkable address on Malaysia 's proposed budget for 1990 by ordering the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange `` to take appropriate action immediately '' to cut its links with the Stock Exchange of Singapore . 
`` Inflation could be a real surprise , '' said Samuel D. Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc. , in Chicago . 
Both China and Taiwan are seeking seats in GATT , which sponsors trade-liberalizing agreements and sets world-commerce rules . 
A sentencing date has n't been set . 
Terms have n't been finalized , but the transaction is expected to close by year end , Pacific First said . 
The Health Insurance Association of America , an insurers ' trade group , acknowledges that stiff competition among its members to insure businesses likely to be good risks during the first year of coverage has aggravated the problem in the small-business market . 
He blames imports . 
Researchers at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque , N.M. , reported they went so far as to take a `` cold fusion '' experiment and three neutron detectors into a tunnel under 300 feet of granite to shield the detectors from cosmic rays . 
Obviously not . 
Once and for all , $ 5-a-barrel crude oil and 35-cents-a-gallon gasoline were history . 
Although he called current market conditions `` highly competitive , '' Mr. LaMothe , Kellogg 's chairman and chief executive officer , forecast an earnings increase for the full year . 
This defensible commercial zone becomes , for the residents , a secure oasis in a barren urban landscape , evidence that community decay is not inevitable and that the gangs are not invincible . 
It is the New Journalism come to television . 
Mr. Sorrell , traveling in the Far East , could n't be reached . 
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . '' 
Anything to make a sale . '' 
Spencer J. Volk , president and chief operating officer of this consumer and industrial products company , was elected a director . 
`` I was flabbergasted , '' Tatsuhara Yamane , head of the bureau , was quoted by Kyodo news service as saying . 
In early trading in Tokyo Thursday , the Nikkei index rose 145.45 points to 35587.85 . 
Yesterday , in documents filed in connection with that case , Warner accused Sony officials of falsely claiming that they never read the five-year contract requiring the two producers to make movies exclusively for Columbia , citing Securities and Exchange Commission filings made by Sony that described the contracts . 
HERE 'S ONE more explanation for why Japan is a tough industrial competitor : Two of three Japanese employees submit suggestions to save money , increase efficiency and boost morale , while only 8 % of American workers do . 
When , however , he decides to be modern , or more accurately , when he decides to be trendy , the results are far less satisfactory . 
The ball he hit was n't a strike . 
Mr. Stevens declined to give the specific contributions to the $ 50 million guarantee from each participant . 
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told Congress that the Fed can wipe out inflation without causing a recession , but he said doing so will inflict some short-term pain and will require reducing the federal deficit sharply . 
I would like to issue a challenge to corporate America . 
Since he concentrated on the economic folly of such ordinances , he did n't mention certain other of their effects . 
`` I 'm not sure he 's explained everything , '' Mrs. Stinnett says grudgingly . 
But with industrial growth stagnant and inflation showing signs of easing , some voices may call for measures to pump new life into the economy . 
Given the weakness of the junk-bond market , can he finance a buy-out ? 
Company officials said Leaseway fulfilled payment requirements of its debt obligations since the leveraged buy-out , but `` our performance since the { buy-out } makes it imperative to implement actions that will further improve our cash flow . 
But the San Francisco delegation finds itself asking that the cap per household be lifted to $ 500,000 from $ 100,000 to assist the hard hit but often wealthy Marina district . 
Analysts were most unsettled by evidence the backlog of orders at factories is slipping . 
Although the notification guideline was n't carried out in this month 's coup attempt , some administration officials argue that it may have led to hesitation and uncertainty on the part of U.S. intelligence and military operatives in Panama . 
She wants something big , and already has looked at the Chrysler New Yorker and Lincoln Town Car . 
The EPO-treated patients donated an average of 5.4 units of blood each compared with only 4.1 units donated by a similar group of surgical patients who received a placebo injection . 
Goodyear 's profit rose 11 % in the quarter , buoyed by improved operating results in its tire business . 
Once again , your editorial page misstates the law to conform to your almost beatific misperceptions . 
Cost and expenses for the quarter , excluding interest , increased 6.1 % to $ 333.3 million from $ 314 million the year before . 
Brooks Brothers , which Marks bought last year , saw operating profit drop in half to # 5 million . 
And Genentech is n't likely to have any new products ready for market until at least 1992 , Ms. Gilbert added . 
We understand such rueful wisdom must be retrospective : The owl of Minerva only spreads her wings at dusk . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
The sense grows that modern public bureaucracies simply do n't perform their assigned functions well . 
The increase is noted in the brokerage firm 's latest proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
A good measurement of the popularity of ice-breaker journals like Ogonyok is circulation . 
f - As of Wednesday 's close . 
Ford probably will renew its request for such a meeting soon , he added . 
And those swings paled beside Friday 's 190.58-point plunge and Monday 's 88.12-point recovery . 
He admits that he has n't had much luck generating free publicity for his contest . 
Jeffrey Schaefer , the SIA 's research director , says that all of his group 's retail-volume statistics could be overstated by as much as five percentage points because corporate buy-backs are sometimes inadvertently included in Big Board data . 
That tariff is too stiff for some Financial District wage earners . 
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem . 
Mr. Darby called it a `` disappointment '' but predicted exports will pick up again . 
BNL , which is controlled by the Italian Treasury , was rocked by the disclosure last month that its Atlanta branch extended more than $ 3 billion in unauthorized credits to Iraq . 
Whitbread had total pretax profit in the year ended Feb. 25 of # 223.2 million , on sales of # 2.26 billion . 
James Gatward , TVS 's chief executive , said in a statement that he will `` assume overall responsibility '' for MTM 's operations until a successor is named . 
Pretoria releases the ANC leaders , most of whom were serving life sentences , and allows them to speak freely , hoping that the ANC will abandon its use of violence . 
The result is a $ 45 billion market , according to Securities Data Co . 
Typical , perhaps , was the situation at New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. , the General Motors Corp.-Toyota joint-venture auto plant in Fremont , about 35 miles south of Oakland . 
I have a different approach to offer , not only to Californians , but to all Americans . 
The company earned $ 191.1 million , or $ 2.79 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Someday , viewers may also choose different depths of news coverage . 
`` Even if they could bring in that many new skiers , I do n't know if { the industry } could handle that kind of an increase , '' says I. William Berry , editor and publisher of the Ski Industry Letter in Katonah , N.Y . 
Thus , subsidized loans tend to turn into giveaway programs , with increasing subsidy and default rates over time . 
Tele-Communications controls close to 12 million cable subscribers , and Viacom has about one million . 
The offering for the language school unit was announced by Robert Maxwell , chairman and chief executive officer of London-based Maxwell Communication Corp. , which owns Macmillan . 
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems . 
In his opening arguments last week in federal court in New York , Mr. Lang told the jury that Mr. Lorin was the `` real master criminal '' behind the stock manipulation , and that Mr. Laff knew nothing about it . 
Does Mr. Steinhardt regret his incursion into the takeover-threat game ? 
The closely watched funds rate is what banks charge each other on overnight loans . 
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it . 
In order to ensure that the rights of all interested parties are protected , the Criminal Division has instituted the following requirements to control the use of TROs in RICO prosecutions . 
Result : a landscape littered with lemons , huge debt burdens crushing down upon the arch and spans of corporate America . 
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft-drink markets in Pacific Basin countries . 
Only 23 % of trash-bag users in the Journal survey usually buy the same brand , and just 29 % of battery buyers stick to one brand . 
In five years , Petronas , which became the dominant shareholder in a 1984 rescue exercise , has spent about M$ 3.5 billion to prop up the troubled bank . 
The Phillips facility manufactures polyethylene , polypropylene and K-resin , plastics used in a wide array of applications , including milk jugs and toys . 
Bally bought the former MGM Grand hotel-casino from Kirk Kerkorian four years ago . 
TASTY PROFITS : 
The small changes in averages reflect generally unchanged yields at many major banks . 
The company also changed its dividend policy , under which holders had received an annual 10 cents-a-share payment , by declaring a four-cents-a-share dividend , to be paid quarterly on post-split shares . 
But sooner or later , most of us have to think about life insurance , just as we often have to think about having root-canal work . 
`` I would be very leery of anything that says if you drink more , you get more . '' 
What scientists have known since the late 1970s is that there is a hole in the layer over Antarctica that expands or contracts from year to year . 
`` Claims range from a scratched fender -- and there were an awful lot of cars damaged in this -- to a major processing plant , '' a spokesman said . 
The transaction has had a series of setbacks since the financing problems became known last Friday , with no signs or statements from the buy-out group to indicate that any progress has taken place . 
`` Hacksaw '' and `` Bonecrusher '' are the sort of nicknames normally associated with linebackers and heavyweight contenders . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Ms. Foster 's indulgence is nothing like the oily , hour-long rubfests enjoyed by spa visitors . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
`` What you have here is intuition made manifest . '' 
This attitude is being waved away by sophisticates around Washington as little more than tough talk . 
The company maintains that it does n't expect Emhart to contribute to earnings for about another 12 months . 
Currently , the Transportation Department does n't have the authority to block a takeover in advance . 
The appointment increased the number of directors to 10 , three of whom are company employees . 
Last November , a federal grand jury indicted GE on charges of fraud and false claims in connection with an alleged scheme to defraud the Army of $ 21 million on a logistics computer contract . 
`` I happen to think it was right , '' Mr. Bush said flatly . 
Securities firms have challenged those Fed approvals , saying they violate federal laws separating the banking and securities businesses . 
The `` Jiotto Caspita '' can run at over 188 miles an hour , a company spokesman said . 
That put the `` seven '' of Oct. 17 in perspective for me . 
First quarter , July 31 , 1989 : 
CHRISTMAS SHOPPERS find a helping hand from some catalog companies . 
Glasnost has made celebrities of men like Mr. Korotich . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 3\/8 % one year . 
So what 's a parent to do ? 
This limits his financial exposure , he says . 
And Japanese investors took up nearly all of two $ 200 million Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits , a kind of collateralized mortgage obligation , that were offered to foreigners this year . 
The Food and Drug Administration had raised questions about the device 's design . 
Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 . 
And using liquidation value assuming the sale of all UAL assets , First Boston estimated the airline is worth $ 253 to $ 303 a share . 
In a speech to the Mortgage Bankers Association , Mr. Kemp broke the administration 's public silence on the Fed and complained that `` interest rates are too high . '' 
Local law enforcement is present in a sub-station occupying space donated by the center . 
`` This business is n't about personalities at the end of the day -- it s about whether the ink is red or black . 
In this light , the comparative advantages of legislative law-making become clear : ( 1 ) Before it acts , the legislature typically will hear the views of representatives of all those affected by its decision , not just the immediate parties before the court ; and ( 2 ) the legislature can frame `` bright line '' standards that create less uncertainty than the fact-bound decisions of courts . 
Meeting in Strasbourg Wednesday , the commission voted , as expected , to formally object to the accord between Air France , the state-owned airline , and state-controlled domestic carrier Air Inter . 
The industry executives said that , as usual with such broad announcements from IBM , this one will be part reality and part strategy . 
But a spokesman said the quake wo n't have as big a financial impact on Allstate as Hurricane Hugo did . 
`` The { stones } that were irradiated in the U.S. are safe , '' says John Hickey , chief of the NRC operations branch , Washington . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Inc. 's common stock was dragged down yesterday amid concerns that a bankruptcy filing by a Finnish shipbuilder would delay delivery of three big cruise ships . 
Resolution Funding Corp. to sell $ 4.5 billion 30-year bonds . 
Jack Byrne , the chairman of Fireman 's Fund Corp. , which is based in Novato , Calif. , estimates insured losses resulting the earthquake could total $ 2 billion . 
In trading on the American Stock Exchange , Delmed closed at 50 cents , down 6.25 cents . 
The biggest is the NFL 's contract with national television for broadcast of the league 's games . 
With investment banking as Kidder 's `` lead business , '' where do Kidder 's 42-branch brokerage network and its 1,400 brokers fit in ? 
Munching pizza when they could and yelling until their voices gave out , the two Benjamin Jacobson specialists at the Big Board 's UAL trading post yesterday presided over what can only be described as a financial free-for-all . 
Much of the instability in stock prices lately has been blamed on arbitrage trading , designed to profit from differences in prices between stocks and index futures . 
Paramount said the gain would be recorded in its fourth quarter , which ended yesterday . 
Let me immediately put limits to whatever nostalgic notions that may intimate . 
Mr. Gargan , the Tampa planner who heads one trade group , favors simply assessing the industry and giving the money to the SEC to hire more staff . 
And then there is his notion of an Irish-Soviet charter airline to ferry Armenians to Los Angeles via Shannon . 
When Mr. Gandhi came to power , he ushered in new rules for business . 
By summer , an independent reform movement was saying out loud what it had only whispered before . 
The sharper definition and the autonomy which each will thereby gain will benefit shareholders , customers and employees . '' 
The late buying was drawn into the London market , dealers added , after Wall Street showed signs of stability following its rocky opening . 
France 's second-largest government-owned insurance company , Assurances Generales de France , has been building its own Navigation Mixte stake , currently thought to be between 8 % and 10 % . 
But partner Richard Nye said , `` This is the most extraordinary failed transaction I 've seen in 25 years in this business . 
`` The outlook has deteriorated since the summer , with orders and employment falling and output at a standstill , '' said David Wigglesworth , chairman of the industry group 's economic committee . 
Dow Jones industrials 2638.73 , off 18.65 ; transportation 1254.27 , off 49.96 ; utilities 214.54 , off 0.19 . 
Exclusive of the gain , operating profit declined 35 % to $ 16.4 million , or 21 cents a share , from $ 25.2 million , or 31 cents a share . 
`` It 's an overwhelming job , '' she says . 
More dual-career couples also are getting help , with men increasingly bringing their working wives for joint counseling . 
`` Nothing has happened since we signed the contract to undermine our conviction that Hydro-Quebec was the lowest-cost , most environmentally acceptable choice for meeting a part of our customers ' energy needs through the year 2020 , '' said Central Maine senior vice president Donald F. Kelly . 
The study , by Susan Devesa , William Blot and Joseph Fraumeni of the institute 's staff , also shows that the incidence of lung cancer as well as the death rate declined over the decade for all groups in the 35-44 age bracket , except black men . 
A battle with Mr. Icahn would rattle even the most seasoned chief executive , to say nothing of one who took the helm less than five months ago . 
The leader in real estate brand names is developer Ara Hovnanian . 
Interest rate 8.07 % 
The Nobel Prize in literature was won by Camilo Jose Cela , a Spanish writer . 
The company denied the rumors and noted that it does n't own the building . 
A Tucson Electric spokesman said the utility was disappointed by the commission 's decision and `` concerned about the financial integrity of the company . 
Rep. Mary Rose Oakar ( D. , Ohio ) at last week 's hearings on irregularities in programs at the Department of Housing and Urban Development : 
`` The effect of the Supreme Court Webster opinion is that it left room for grass to grow in the cracks of Roe vs. Wade , and I think this is one of the cracks , '' said Mark Belz , a St. Louis lawyer who represented Ms. O'Brien and the other St. Louis protesters . 
Computer-generated videos help . 
Sales increased 7 % to $ 1.49 billion from $ 1.39 billion . 
The offering , Series 1989-3 , is by a company established by First Boston for issuing Remics and other derivative mortgage securities . 
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so . 
The White House already is talking of Mr. Bush visiting the California earthquake site this weekend . 
You can drive piles on it and build on it . '' 
Voters in the same age group backed Democrat Florio 55 % to 29 % over Republican Courter . 
Fireman 's Fund insures 37,300 homes and autos and 35,000 businesses in the Bay area . 
The aspect of being a mega-lawyer is n't as important . '' 
Bourbon makes up just 1 % of world-wide spirits consumption , but it represented 57 % of U.S. liquor exports last year , according to Jobson ; no other category had more than 19 % . 
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas . 
That 's where the two scripts would diverge . 
Three of the utility 's directors have at least doubled their holdings in the company since July . 
And now that the price has fallen below $ 19.65 , which many had said showed considerable resistance , some traders and analysts figure there 's little to stop the price from going lower on technical decisions . 
The money manager is controlled 67.7 % by its top officers and top officers of Oppenheimer & Co. , a securities firm . 
A dollar invested in the stock market in 1926 would have grown to $ 473.29 by the end of last June , according to Laurence Siegel , managing director at Ibbotson Associates Inc . 
So far though , no one -- not even former U.S. attorney Giuliani -- has been able to pinpoint just what law Mr. Dinkins has broken or just what tax he has evaded . 
`` It 's a bottom-line issue . '' 
The animal-rights movement has n't helped sales . 
A major goal is to cut the working week to 35 hours from the present 37 . 
Yesterday 's edition incorrectly reported Monday 's trading volume as a record for the S&P 500 contract . 
But the fiercely competitive Mr. Corry quickly showed he 's no pushover . 
Traditionally , the medical establishment has waited two years to approve adult treatments for pediatric uses , because of a combination of conservative safety standards and red tape . 
Strong investor demand prompted it to boost the size of the issue from $ 3 billion . 
Other losing issues included Showa Shell , which fell 40 to 1,520 . 
That ratio is dangerously close to the ratio of 19.7 that prevailed before the 1987 stock-market crash , Mr. Arbel says . 
GM is likely to reach the cooperative operating pact it has been seeking in about two weeks , knowledgeable individuals say . 
When a country cuts tax rates , it makes itself more attractive to investors and drives up the value of its currency . 
The results compare with a year-earlier net loss of $ 1.5 million , or seven cents a share , based on 20.3 million common and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
The company paid five cents a share in April . 
In testimony to the Senate securities subcommittee , Mr. Brady disputed the view of SEC Chairman Richard Breeden , who told a House panel Wednesday that he does n't want the ability to halt the markets . 
Because the funds ' investments are denominated in foreign currencies , their value expressed in dollars goes up when those currencies rise against the dollar . 
`` I think there 's overwhelming evidence to indicate probable criminal activity , '' said Mr. Meek , who participated last year in an examination of the Irvine , Calif. , thrift . 
The administration 's concerns are understandable . 
RD : 
Guinness , which owns several leading whiskey brands plus Gordon 's gin , the world 's No. 1 gin , is considered less likely to bid for the Whitbread spirits . 
For travelers , though , the industry 's problems have had some positive effects . 
Finally , the case of Dr. Morgan gave Congress an opportunity to act with unaccustomed decisiveness and to engage in one of its favorite pastimes -- bashing the District of Columbia government . 
Microsoft advanced 1 7\/8 to 80 1\/2 and Lotus Development added 1 1\/4 to 32 1\/2 . 
That hurts investors ' confidence in the economy and stocks . 
But trading was very sketchy , as investment decision makers remain wary from gyrations and upsets of recent weeks . 
For the first nine months , advertising pages in consumer magazines tracked by the Publishers Information Bureau increased 4 % from the same period last year , to 125,849 pages . 
`` It 's the total relationship that is important . '' 
But Coniston , a New York partnership managed by the firm of Gollust , Tierney & Oliver , yesterday announced that `` in view of unsettled conditions in securities markets '' the offering would be postponed and restructured . 
Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , former Philippines President Ferdinand Marcos , were charged with embezzling more than $ 100 million from that country and then fraudulently concealing much of the money through purchases of prime real estate in Manhattan . 
In the early stage of checking people with incomes exceeding $ 500,000 who were filing nonresident returns , it squeezed $ 7.5 million out of a man who was posing as a Florida resident . 
Those chains include Bloomingdale 's , which Campeau recently said it will sell . 
In late New York trading the U.S. currency was quoted at 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen , compared with 1.8355 marks and 141.45 yen Tuesday . 
`` Kodak understands HDTV is where everybody is going , '' says RIT 's Mr. Spaull . 
Meanwhile , there was an awful lot of confusion . 
The first meeting yesterday was with 10 Senate Democrats who have expressed an interest in cutting the tax . 
Her challenge is to keep her fledgling empire on top in the 1990s . 
Actively traded municipal bonds ended 1\/4 to 1\/2 point higher in brisk trading , despite a flood of new supply . 
Securities of MeraBank were placed under review last May , and will remain under review for downgrade , the agency said . 
The only material support it is extending to the struggling U.S. industry is $ 30 million in awards from the Pentagon 's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency . 
The Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 1.16 to 320.94 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index slid 0.53 to 189.52 . 
For Vietnamese , these are tricky , often treacherous , times . 
The federal agency said that in the year through Oct. 21 production totaled 12,573,758 tons , up 7.1 % from 11,742,368 tons . 
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy . 
These are real costs . 
In the third quarter , BSB earned $ 2 million , up from $ 1.8 million a year earlier . 
Like Foothills , TransCanada 's Polar Gas consortium plans to build a pipeline directly south from the Mackenzie River delta in Canada 's western Arctic with an initial capacity to transport 1.2 billion cubic feet of gas daily . 
And among domestic programs , the most serious threat is White House opposition to abortion riders attached to separate bills funding the District of Columbia and Department of Health and Human Services . 
And , surprisingly , little more than a whimper of protest is being heard , even though Reaganauts once breathed fire supporting the Contras and the Strategic Defense Initiative . 
O&Y , owned by Toronto 's Reichmann family , is also supervising major restructuring and refinancing of Campeau , a Toronto-based real estate and retailing company . 
Her goal : to top 300 ad pages in 1990 , up from about 274 this year . 
When we go there , it 's quite different from these Hollywood places where the sandwiches are spread out on the table and the people are picking their noses . '' 
He says the handful of salmonella cases involving products that may have used eggs broken by an Egg King stemmed from a failure to adequately cook the products . 
She added that the company was considering bringing sanctions against Mr. Greenfield for making `` grossly inaccurate and unsupported allegations . 
On U.S. military presence in Asia : Asked if his offer to allow the American military to use facilities in Singapore would help preserve America 's presence in the region at bases in the Philippines , he said , `` What we have done is make it easier for the Philippines to continue to host American bases without it being said they are lackeys of the imperialists and the only ones in Asia or in Southeast Asia . 
This summer , speeding bikers were blamed for an accident in the Napa County park , in which a horse -- spooked on a trail that was closed to bikers -- broke its leg . 
Mr. Broderick , the Massachusetts grower , says the `` big boss '' at a supermarket chain even rejected his Red Delicious recently because they were n't waxed and brushed for extra shine . 
Equally important , the initial discovery of the gene that controls retinal cell growth , made by a Boston doctor named Thaddeus Dryja , has opened a field of cancer study , which in recent months has exploded . 
`` It 's Russian . 
Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . 
But the production is the equal of any local program . 
The moisturizer , introduced in 1962 , had a dowdy image . 
OPEC has repeatedly raised its self-imposed production ceiling to legitimize some of that unauthorized output . 
Following are excerpts from the electronic traffic that night . 
Those rates are up from 7.52 % and 7.50 % , respectively , at last week 's auction . 
New England Electric System , Westborough , Mass. , has proposed buying the company for $ 2 billion as part of a plan that would require rate increases of only 4.8 % annually for seven years . 
But British analysts are beginning to link the issues . 
Interest will be paid semi-annually . 
The arms-kickback scandal is likely to be one of the big talking points in the campaign , but it 's unclear how it is viewed by average Indian voters . 
The Fed chief opposed a bill - introduced by Reps. Lee Hamilton ( D. , Ind. ) and Byron Dorgan ( D. , N.D. ) -- that , among other things , would require the Fed to disclose all monetary policy moves immediately and increase outside scrutiny of the Fed . 
Goodson has accused Ingersoll of paying less attention to its properties and more to such ventures as the recent launch of the St. Louis Sun . 
See that they know company personnel policy backwards and forwards , for it is the `` law '' governing company courts and adjudicators . 
They did n't return the rubber stocks that represent his capital . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Asarco fell $ 1.375 to close at $ 31.75 . 
Maturities usually are shorter when rates are rising and longer when they are falling . 
Mr. Dell said he does n't expect a loss in either the third or fourth quarter , but said third-quarter earnings could be as low as four cents a share . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.80 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
PepsiCo said its soft-drink prices were about 2 % higher in the quarter . 
Abortion-rights advocates won last week 's battles , but the war over the nation 's most-contentious social question is about to pick up again on turf that favors those seeking to restrict abortions . 
The per-share loss was $ 5.32 . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 28 , 1989 , through Oct. 28 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 27 . 
Former National Assemblyman Hong Sa-Duk , now a radio commentator , says the problem is intolerable for many people . 
Prof. Arbel urges investors to discard stocks in small companies . 
Those who bought that illusion are now bewildered . 
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company . 
Many small investors are facing a double whammy this year : They got hurt by investing in the highly risky junk bond market , and the pain is worse because they did it with borrowed money . 
Moreover , he says , Irish companies are small but spunky . 
Mr. Fukuyama , peering through binoculars at the end of history , said in his essay that `` the class issue has actually been successfully resolved in the West ... 
`` It was their business decision , '' the official said . 
The Treasury Department said S&Ls reject blacks for mortgage loans twice as often as they reject whites . 
Farmers was quick yesterday to point out the many negative aspects it sees in having Axa as its parent . 
Instead , an appropriate institution should be charged with the job of preventing chaos in the market : the Federal Reserve . 
I want to publish one that succeeds , '' said Mr. Lang . 
Bush administration officials appear increasingly concerned that Mr. Greenspan is cautious to a fault . 
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents . 
BLOCKBUSTER ENTERTAINMENT CORP. said it raised $ 92 million from an offering of liquid yield option notes . 
The concern 's National Service Division opened a center for emergency service in Walnut Creek as part of its disaster-recovery plan . 
Final approval came on a simple voice vote in the Senate , and the swift passage contrasted with months of negotiations over the underlying bill which is laced with special-interest provisions for both members and the executive branch . 
Chrysler officials said the plant is scheduled to resume production on Nov. 20. , and 3,300 hourly workers will be affected . 
And even without deals , Mr. Connolly figures the market would remain healthy . 
Mr. Rubenstein said the five , who were n't on Shea & Gould 's management committee , `` are leaving on good terms . '' 
Computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co. , based in Palo Alto , says one of its buildings sustained severe damage when it was knocked off its foundation . 
TV evangelist Jim Bakker was sentenced to 45 years in prison and fined $ 500,000 for defrauding followers of his PTL ministry . 
Soon the whole purpose of the demonstration is lost in mob mania . 
Raytheon Co. was issued a $ 19.2 million Air Force contract for support of the Milstar communications satellite . 
Or is it that Mr. Z. is getting a little tired of `` Traviata '' ? 
`` I 'm not interested , '' said Dallas investor Harold Simmons . 
Still , Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the lead sponsor of the Republican capital-gains amendment , predicted that the tax cut would be enacted this year . 
`` The freeze on new lending is dealing the single biggest blow to trading , '' says Raymond Wong , China manager for Mannesmann AG , a West German machinery-trading company . 
`` It 's part of the capitalistic market system that equity can be bought and equity is bought , '' he said . 
During the third quarter , Exxon purchased 8.34 million shares of its stock at a cost of $ 373 million . 
Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting 's chairman , was named chairman of Turner Pictures , and Gerry Hogan , president of Turner Entertainment Networks , was named president of the unit . 
`` One team pays so much and the other pays more . 
The U.S. Commerce Department is planning to try out similar trips on U.S. businessmen in coming months under its Canada First ! Outreach Program . 
The Associated Press 's earthquake coverage drew attention to a phenomenon that deserves some thought by public officials and other policy makers . 
The first instance occurred in 1967-68 , when China 's Cultural Revolution triggered bloody street rioting in the colony . 
`` If there 's diamonds out there , we 'll get to them , '' says Les Johns , De Beers 's engineering manager . 
In the multipart offering , the company sold a portion of secured notes but shelved all the unsecured notes . 
Prior to the ruling the federal government had regulated only the telephone companies in Quebec , Ontario , British Columbia and the Northwest Territories . 
Mr. Ehrlich predicted unprecedented famine by 1980 . 
RJR 's subordinated discount debentures of 2001 , which traded as low as 45 Friday , finished the day at 46 7\/8 . 
The pilots have a strong financing tool in their willingness to cut their annual compensation by $ 200 million , and to commit $ 200 million from their retirement funds . 
The loss of 40 jobs by a depressed county in rural Missouri is hardly of national importance except for this : If the most environmentally safe way of dealing with a national problem can not be built in Atchinson County , what hope have we for dealing with the wastes our economy produces ? 
`` The absurdity of the official rate should seem obvious to everyone , '' the afternoon newspaper Izvestia wrote in a brief commentary on the devaluation . 
`` The second time , '' he says , `` they left the shovel . '' 
Mr. Miller , who has been a Coda director , also was named chief executive officer , succeeding Ted Eubank , who remains president and chief operating officer . 
DRUG WARS : 
That will please once-grumpy affiliates -- another aim of the Pilson plan . 
Tele-Communications agreed to buy half of Showtime Networks from Viacom for $ 225 million . 
And while the defense secretary is speaking out , President Bush himself has n't launched any high-visibility campaign to drum up support , as President Reagan did . 
Crude oil futures prices fell further as analysts and traders said OPEC oil producers are n't putting the brakes on output ahead of the traditionally weak first quarter . 
And so it seems to be with the case of Elizabeth Morgan , the Washington , D.C. , plastic surgeon jailed in a child custody case for refusing to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter . 
`` It 's a sensational piece about someone who is not here to defend himself . '' 
Judge Robert ( `` Maximum Bob '' ) Potter sentenced Jim Bakker to 45 years in the big house yesterday , while a Beverly Hills judge tucked away Zsa Zsa Gabor for three days , plus 120 hours of work with homeless women . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Tuesday , gold was quoted at $ 366.79 an ounce . 
First Capital Holdings Corp. , proposed offering of $ 275 million of floating rate senior notes , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Indeed , some individuals identified with the group said they have n't committed any money to the bid and were n't aware of it until they heard about it in local news accounts over the weekend . 
The air force is to take at least 250 more . 
Brooks expects to pay Coin Wrap a total of about $ 20,000 -- a cost that insurance wo n't cover . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries a warrant exercisable Nov. 24 , 1989 , through Oct. 29 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 31 . 
Although it would be costly to shoot multiple versions , TV programmers could let audiences vote on different endings for a movie . 
Laserscope , initial offering of 1,656,870 common shares , of which 1,455,000 shares are to be sold by the company and 201,870 by holders , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. and Volpe , Covington & Welty . 
The order is the biggest in the company 's history . 
Analysts are concerned that much of the high-yield market will remain treacherous for investors . 
{ During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . } 
And Eugene Glazer , an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , said : `` If you hired an attorney to be there all the time and give you a ( prediction ) of the eventual award , I would be willing to bet that he would be off '' by a lot . 
Silicon Graphics Inc. , a fast-growing maker of computer workstations , said it landed two federal government contracts worth more than $ 100 million over the next five years . 
Devastation from Hurricane Hugo , which slammed into the Southeast coast in late September , diminished personal income by about $ 4 billion , the department said , but it called the effect on the roughly $ 5 trillion economy `` negligible . '' 
Mr. Jones calls the ranch `` the Pentagon of Sportdom . '' 
What you then do is you make them think inappropriately . '' 
Tokyo 's Nikkei Index of 225 stocks jumped 527.39 points to close at 34996.08 . 
A Food and Drug Administration advisory panel has asked that Medstone perform more studies on its device to treat gallstones . 
Finding a test case should n't be hard , but there is something to be said for picking the best one possible . 
But violation could bring substantial tax penalties to both employer and employees . 
Orders last month for metal-forming presses and other machinery to form metal with pressure surged to $ 110.1 million , a 78 % rise from $ 61.7 million a year earlier and a 55 % gain from $ 70.9 million in August . 
The Dow Jones Transportation Average fell 49.96 to close at 1254.27 . 
However , investment bankers say that banks are n't likely to lend the almost $ 5 billion that would be necessary for a takeover even at a lower price without someone putting up a hefty wad of cash -- probably even greater than the 17 % in cash put up by investors in the leveraged takeover of Northwest Airlines parent NWA Corp. in July . 
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP. ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
The banks said they do n't expect the merger to face any regulatory hurdles . 
Sales rose 11 % to $ 7.73 billion from $ 6.94 billion . 
`` We were able to get advertisers to use their promotion budget for this , because they get a chance to do couponing , '' says Ms. Seaman . 
The suit , filed in federal court in Manhattan , also asks that the Comex 's nine-month suspension of Mr. Semel be lifted , pending the broker 's appeal of the disciplinary measures . 
The most-strident anti-outsider sentiment among bankers comes from the Independent Bankers Association of Texas , although it 's hard to tell from previews of the $ 5 million `` The I 's of Texas '' TV campaign . 
So the bank 's board decided to make 1.23 billion Malaysian dollars ( US$ 457 million ) in provisions for interest payments from loans previously recorded as revenue but never actually received by the bank , and to submit a bailout package to replenish the bank 's paid-up capital . 
Outflows of people and capital from Hong Kong have been growing since the sovereignty issue first arose in the early 1980s . 
Mr. Mitchell 's first victory came last week , when the Senate passed a deficit-reduction bill that did n't contain a capital-gains provision . 
The Big Board 's composite index was up more than 1.4 % , and the Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 1.6 % . 
But he said Dentsu has n't looked seriously at Saatchi . 
William Morrissey , 44 , was named executive vice president , world-wide director of McCann Direct , the direct marketing unit of Interpublic Group 's McCann-Erickson agency . 
But Rep. John Bryant ( D. , Texas ) , the lead counsel for the House managers who conducted a lengthy inquiry into Judge Hastings ' activities , said `` a mountain of evidence points to his certain guilt . '' 
It said the new agreement would `` replace '' the old one that forms the basis of its suit against the Merieux takeover . 
The fiscal 1990 measure builds on a pattern set earlier this year by House and Senate defense authorizing committees , and -- at a time of retrenchment for the military and concern about the U.S. 's standing in the world economy -- overseas spending is most vulnerable . 
The disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. has offered commercial banks a golden opportunity to play a greater role in financing billion-dollar takeovers . 
He came to produce her records and her movies -- `` A Star Is Born '' and `` The Main Event . '' 
The 473 funds tracked by the Investment Company Institute , a Washington-based trade group , rose to $ 356.1 billion , a record . 
When Mr. Jacobson walked into the office at 7:30 a.m. EDT , he announced : `` OK , buckle up . '' 
The chairman and a director of one of the Republic of Singapore 's leading property companies , City Development Ltd. , or CDL , were charged yesterday with criminal breach of trust of some 800,000 Singapore dollars ( about US$ 409,000 ) . 
But even if they behaved recklessly , reasons still exist to fear and resist this steady process of case-by-case judicial extension of the law of insider trading . 
Debt-Burdened Doctors Seek Financial Security 
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs . 
BellSouth Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John L. Clendenin said three factors accounted for the drop in third-quarter earnings . 
The comptroller 's office says it is `` monitoring the situation . '' 
USX Corp. and its Japanese partner , Kobe Steel Ltd. , agreed to form a joint venture to build a new plant to produce hot-dipped galvanized sheet products , mainly for the automotive market . 
AM radio , which has been losing listeners to FM channels since the 1970s , approaches the 1990s with a diminished voice . 
If they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from `` bringing home the bacon '' to their respective constituencies . 
That is because Sidhpur has a near-monopoly on the world 's supply of flea seed , also known as flea wort or , in Western parlance , psyllium : a tiny , tasteless , obscure seed that , according to early research , may reduce cholesterol levels in the blood . 
For some patients , AZT has restored the ability to ride a bicycle or solve puzzles , giving back a piece of their childhood if only temporarily . 
Excerpts follow : 
But if it survives , it could prompt other statutory changes , according to the Mr. Burr . 
`` Solidarity does n't care for the good of this region , '' he says after a few pleasantries . 
His attorneys claim he was framed by the FBI and New York police as part of a campaign to destroy the black liberation movement of the 1960s . 
But on Oct. 6 , he had reason to celebrate . 
As Mr. Reagan 's running mate , though , Mr. Bush plunged headlong into the anti-abortion position , endorsing a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion . 
Laurance V. Allen , 44 , who had been director for North America , resigned to pursue other business interests and do some consulting . 
`` I 'm sympathetic with workers who feel under the gun , '' says Richard Barton of the Direct Marketing Association of America , which is lobbying strenuously against the Edwards beeper bill . 
Beantown scribes , who spare no invective when taking on local luminaries such as Michael `` Pee Wee '' Dukakis , or New England Patriots Coach Raymond `` Rev. Ray '' Berry , yesterday poured ridicule on new drawings of Globe columnists that replaced old photos in the revamped pages this week . 
As a result , they often speak one language at home , another at school . 
Traders estimated that more than $ 140 million of high-grade bonds was put up for sale via bid-wanted lists circulated by a handful of major brokers . 
In two other cases , the possible consequences of the Supreme Court ruling appear even more unintended . 
literally . 
The exchange put a bit of a damper on program trading when , last year , it simply started to publish monthly statistics of each firm 's program-trading volume . 
Investors took profits on major construction shares , which advanced last week , shifting their attention to some midsize companies such as Aoki Corp. , Tobishima and Maeda . 
Bank Building & Equipment Corp. of America , which previously said accounting discrepancies its auditors uncovered would hurt earnings and require restatement of earlier results , increased its projections of the negative fiscal impact , and said it was exploring the company 's sale . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3406.31 , off 
Sir Richard Butler , 60-year-old chairman of Agricola ( U.K . ) Ltd. , was named chairman of County NatWest Investment Management Ltd. , the investment management subsidiary of County NatWest Ltd. , the investment banking arm of this British bank . 
When a small company goes belly-up , for instance , the gossipy weekly magazines are often quick to link the demise with Aichi . 
He said the strength of the world-wide economy is suspect , and does n't see much revenue growth in the cards . 
Analysts said the numbers were better than expectations , partly because of strong profit margins and a positive foreign-currency translation . 
These people have different agendas . 
Each of the units consists of two warrants , each of which could be used to purchase a half-share of common stock , and one depositary preference share . 
Not everyone is worried , however . 
Analysts say USAir stock might lose four or five points if the Steinhardt stake was dumped all at once . 
In the third quarter , wages and salaries in all private industry rose 1.2 % , compared with 1 % increases in both the second quarter and in the third quarter of 1988 . 
UAL 's management agreed to reduce the seniority of those pilots in exchange for the support of the United pilot union for the buy-out proposal . 
Lawyers for Mrs. Marcos say that because she was taken to the U.S. against her wishes , the federal court lacks jurisdiction in the case . 
Under it , the former billionaire 's assets would be liquidated with the IRS getting 80 % of the proceeds and the rest being divided among other creditors , including Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. , which is seeking repayment of a $ 36 million loan . 
-- Sophomore basketball player . 
The vote of 345-47 sent the measure to the Senate . 
Within two days , he was on his way to New York and Tokyo to meet with top brass at Sony . 
When Ms. Parks and her mother heard about what had happened , Mr. Friend says , they volunteered that they would like to give Mr. Alexander a good walloping . 
The top state environmental official in Massachusetts said Clean Harbors Inc. 's environmental-impact statement for a proposed incinerator in Braintree was inadequate . 
Of the 4,346 issues that changed hands , 1,435 rose and 629 fell . 
The latest results include a gain of $ 4.2 million , or eight cents a share , on the sale of television stations in Oklahoma City and Flint , Mich . 
But when the judge received his payment book , he disavowed the deal . 
The newspaper Leninskoye Zamya said the committee decided the plan to parcel out economic powers previously exercised by Moscow to the country 's 15 republics `` does n't reflect the radical changes in the Soviet federation . '' 
The plan , which has been plagued with delays and business-related setbacks , seeks to transform the area from a seedy thoroughfare to a more wholesome office and theater district . 
For the nine months , Northrop reported a net loss of $ 46.9 million , or $ 1 a share , compared with profit of $ 190.3 million , or $ 4.05 a share , in 1988 . 
We are willing to share the political burden of being host to America , an imperial power . 
CREATIVE ACCOUNTING , mostly by conglomerates , forced CPAs to change their way of setting standards to be followed by corporations reporting financial results , standards that had become all too flexible . 
But I feel that if somebody does n't get up and start talking about this now , the next time around , when we have the next iteration of these programs , it will still be true that everyone is scared to talk about it . 
From its peak in 1972 of $ 198.41 , the average American weekly wage had fallen to $ 169.28 in 1987 -- both figures being expressed in 1977 dollars . 
The offering is backed by Freddie Mac 's 10 % issue with a weighted average term to maturity of 29.583 months . 
But Ms. Bertussi asked , `` Who in their right mind is going to file another complaint with the Ethics Committee ? '' 
Morgan Grenfell Group PLC said John Craven , group chief executive officer , is taking over the chairmanship of the merchant banking group from Sir Peter Carey , who is retiring . 
CBS held the previous record for consecutive No. 1 victories -- 46 weeks -- during the 1962-63 season . 
Consider Oil of Olay , which P&G acquired as part of Richardson-Vicks International in 1985 . 
At that rate , the defense plan is underfunded by $ 48 billion . 
Profit for its commercial insurance division fell 30 % to $ 59 million , reflecting higher catastrophe losses and the price war in the property\/casualty market for nearly three years . 
Visitors are ushered into the premises by red-frocked doormen known as waiters , a reminder of the insurance market 's origins in a coffeehouse in 17th century London . 
Speculation has also arisen that the UAL executive most closely identified with the failure to gain bank financing , chief financial officer John Pope , may come under pressure to resign . 
When fully operational , the Guadalajara factory will employ about 1,500 workers and have annual operating expenses of $ 5 million to $ 6 million . 
As Judge Kozinski put it : `` To invoke the right to deliberately distort what someone else has said is to assert the right to lie in print ... . 
Revenue declined 3.4 % , to $ 8.4 billion from $ 8.7 billion . 
Karen Nichols , senior associate at Michael Graves 's architecture firm in Princeton , N.J. , says : `` We 're really at the mercy of what the construction industry can and will do readily . '' 
Mr. Savaiko theorized that the news on cold fusion did n't affect the market yesterday because many traders have already been badly burnt by such stories . 
A maxim of Frankfurt banking holds that wherever Deutsche Bank goes , other West German banks follow . 
Though the epicenter of Tuesday 's temblor was located 10 miles north of the town of Santa Cruz , and 50 miles south of San Francisco , its havoc hopscotched up the coast in seemingly random fashion . 
Needs are n't clear , and the state constitution makes increasing taxes and spending very difficult . 
Banks also want to be able to call someone on the telephone to fix a problem with a deal that goes bad -- preferably someone other than a union leader . 
Some analysts are especially wary of credit-card issues . 
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons . 
And telephone or videotape depositions just do n't match physical encounters . 
But a few experts , going against the consensus , do n't think bonds would help investors even if a recession is in the offing . 
Last month , Mr. Morishita 's new gallery , Aska International Ltd. , purchased 6.4 % of Christies for # 33 million ( $ 53.3 million ) . 
In fact , the current weakness in auto buying and department-store sales and the gradual upturn in the household saving rate suggest that consumers , conservative as ever , are already clutching their purses a bit more tightly . 
The softness of the core constrains the plastic models to No. 1 , No. 2 or No. 3-type pencils , which account for the bulk of the market . 
The company said it is part of a continuing world-wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
In fighting USAir , Mr. Steinhardt was pitted against another investor , billionnaire Warren Buffett , who bought into USAir to help fend off Mr. Steinhardt . 
`` Just because upscale cosmetics look like packaged goods and smell like packaged goods , it does n't mean they are packaged goods , '' says Leonard Lauder , chief executive of Estee Lauder . 
In January 1988 , the utility filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , allowing it to continue to operate while protected from creditors ' lawsuits . 
He says the fund , which is 40 % leveraged , has maintained a `` substantial cushion '' between its borrowing costs and the yields of the portfolio 's bonds . 
Why , even 20 % of the Republican vote is going to Dinkins . '' 
Prosecutors have told Mr. Antar 's attorneys that they believe Mr. Antar 's allegedly ill-gotten gains are so great that any money he has used to pay attorneys derives from illegal activities . 
Mr. Boudreau will remain with Penn Pacific as a director and a member of the executive committee . 
If , by that time , the network reaches 14 million homes , the contract will be renewed for five more years . 
Doug Alligood , a black advertising executive who tracks black viewing patterns , gives the Carews an `` A '' for marketing moxie , but is n't alone in his lukewarm reaction . 
The National Security Council itself was established in 1947 because policy makers sensed a need , in an increasingly complex world , for a formal system within the White House to make sure that communications flowed smoothly between the president and the State Department , Pentagon and intelligence agencies . 
So developers are saying they will look into distressed properties . 
A good half-hour into breakfast at the Palmer House , Mr. O'Brien looks up from his plate after Mr. Straszheim says something about people who believe interest rates are about to nosedive . 
Meanwhile , new issuance was slow . 
Television news , of course , has always been part show-biz . 
Lawyers for shareholders , Bally and Mr. Trump all declined to talk publicly about the proposed settlement , citing a request by a federal court magistrate not to reveal details of the agreement until it is completed . 
But we ca n't produce enough anymore . '' 
Volume totaled 10,450,000 shares . 
Furthermore , a U.S. rejection of the capital increase ( and transfer of shares to Japan ) would give Japan an argument against future calls for economic burden-sharing . 
Mr. DeVoe said he expects prices to show some renewed instability over the next few sessions as institutions re-evaluate their stance toward the market in light of its decline . 
`` Aerospace orders are very good , '' Mr. Cole says . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
Six months ago , government approval for an ANC rally was inconceivable . 
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value . 
Mr. Blair and Hees have been feuding for months . 
This bill simply says that if you want to develop property on a barrier island you have to do so without taxpayer support . 
Wayne Smith , an attorney at Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher in Los Angeles representing Sony , said the Sony executives had n't seen the contract because `` it was n't relevant once Guber and Peters told them Warner would let them terminate it at any time . '' 
The contract settled at $ 1,014 a ton , off $ 13 . 
At a private dinner Thursday , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. chief executive Frederick Joseph delivered a sobering message about the junk bond market to officials of Prudential Insurance Co. of America . 
Of the four , only the bank and the plant drew bids -- one apiece . 
East Rock Partners , which has indicated it might make a bid for the company , said A.P. Green , a refractory products maker , told the partnership it is n't for sale . 
Fear is the father of panic . 
Therefore , the debate about poison pills will continue to rage in the boardrooms of corporations and the halls of academia . 
The city 's recovery from the earthquake was uneven . 
`` There are n't too many winners . '' 
Various ministries decided the products businessmen could produce and how much ; and government-owned banks controlled the financing of projects and monitored whether companies came through on promised plans . 
The convoy of about 100 vehicles was the first to make deliveries to the capital in about 10 days . 
Nixdorf Computer AG , citing continued profitability problems , said it will have to reduce personnel further , notably in research and development sectors . 
With one she is pregnant , with Major Battle she is knitting an American flag , and as the vice president 's wife she rushes in with white hair , wearing a tailored suit and pearls , imitating Barbara Bush 's gestures down to the last detail . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Alltel holds 45 % of the franchise , which has operations in Aiken , S.C. , and Augusta , Ga . 
This hope , however , will never be realized if we use levamisole and 5-fluorouracil as a stopping point . 
`` I do n't know of any news or anything unusual happening here , '' said Bruce Stoecklin , director of media services . 
He favors either an all-stock fund or a balanced fund that mixes both stocks and bonds . 
The Hindu newspaper publishes facsimiles of bank documents for foreign-exchange remittances and letters between Bofors and certain private companies related to the sale of the guns to India . 
Throughout the 1970s , Stamford school and city officials made no effort to locate the mural . 
In the two-part offering , $ 151 million of senior subordinated reset notes were priced at 99.75 and carried a rate of 13 3\/4 % , while the $ 100 million of senior subordinated floating rate notes were priced to float at 4.25 percentage points above the London Interbank Offered Rate , or LIBOR . 
`` We are considering that offer along with all other alternatives , '' the trust spokeswoman said . 
He did n't say what the company expected to report for year-earlier sales , which will be restated from the previously reported $ 603 million . 
He reaped inflation along with rapid growth , no doubt validating Sir Alan 's predictions in the Prime Minister 's mind . 
The pay 's the same , and the duty 's lighter . 
If you can do that and at the same time send a message that supports your business , that 's brilliant . '' 
This sort of improved link figures to eventually become a significant weapon for some companies . 
The FASB since then has issued 102 rules , and some still rile industry . 
Apparently , the respondents do n't think that an economic slowdown would harm the major investment markets very much . 
It attracts people with funny hair ( or with no hair -- in front of me a girl with spiked locks sat beside a boy who had shaved his ) . 
Longtime Hollywood associates describe Mr. Guber as the intellectual powerhouse of the two , a man with a flair for deal-making and marketing . 
Another solution cities might consider is giving special priority to police patrols of small-business areas . 
Host Ted Koppel introduced him as `` the media master of the Reagan Administration , '' with nary a mention of Mr. Deaver 's conviction in 1987 on perjury charges . 
`` We played catch-up in some areas , and sold off in some others . '' 
Without a microscope and a subpoena , it 's often hard to sort out worthwhile causes from ripoffs if all you 've got to go on is the solicitation itself . 
Cotton Inc. 's new $ 9 million campaign calls cotton the `` Fabric of Our Lives . '' 
A similar proposal may be introduced soon by Senate Democrats . 
It has n't helped that he 's waffled on abortion and gay rights , sought the support of both the Liberal and Conservative parties ( he won the Liberal endorsement ) and that he turned to comedian Jackie Mason for help with Jewish voters . 
The Diet plays a minor role compared with the powerful bureaucratic system . 
A person who is born with one defective copy of a suppressor gene , or in whom one copy is damaged early in life , is especially prone to cancer because he need only lose the other copy for a cancer to develop . 
The bonds , rated single-A by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1992 to 7.26 % in 2019 . 
Last month , Polly Peck posted a 38 % jump in pretax profit for the first half to # 54.8 million from # 39.8 million on a 63 % rise in sales . 
Later they said they fired him , and two directors attempted to place the company under bankruptcy-law protection . 
The effect of Nixon era non-duck ducks was an economy clogged up with regulations and distortions . 
Matagorda County Navigation District No. 1 , Texas -- 
And the new syndicated `` reality '' show `` Hard Copy '' records viewers ' opinions for possible airing on the next day 's show . 
They said they dropped plans to infiltrate the Kennedy Space Center after NASA beefed up its security . 
Although external events have contributed to the morass , the principal causes of the current crisis are internal and generic to all programs . 
The company posted third-quarter earnings of 95 cents a share , down from $ 1.26 a year earlier . 
The company said results for its second quarter ended Oct. 28 could drop as much as 20 % below the 30 cents a share reported in the year-earlier quarter . 
It blames most of these on Fatah . 
He co-founded the company with Grant Tinker and Mary Tyler Moore in 1969 . 
For the quarter , BankAmerica said it earned $ 254 million , or $ 1.16 a share , compared with $ 190 million , or 97 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Mr. Peters says in his affidavit that the movie 's staff was told last week that Warner was `` taking over '' the picture , and another producer would be giving all of the orders . 
Petrocorp , a New Zealand-based oil and gas producer , said the planned purchase would be its first oil and gas acquisition outside its home country , and would form the basis for a new stand-alone exploration and production unit in Canada . 
A similar demand was made by a group that represents some of United 's 26,000 noncontract employees . 
Given the structure of most credit programs , it is surprising that default rates are not even higher . 
`` But they may pay a price 10 or 20 years in the future . '' 
Mr. North remains in heavy demand as a speaker , for fees reported in the $ 20,000 range . 
The main reason for this lag is that individual investors own 65 % of the OTC market 's capitalization , according to Mr. Hardiman , much more than on the Big Board . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.48 % 30 days ; 8.30 % 60 days ; 8.28 % 90 days ; 8.10 % 120 days ; 8 % 150 days ; 7.90 % 180 days . 
How should a reasonable member of the Federal Reserve Board interpret a congressional decision to put the secretary on the board ? 
But Mr. Lesko 's staff is beginning to wonder whether there is n't some larger phenomenon foiling the contest . 
`` It 's great to feel good for once in 15 years , '' says Harrison Hickman , a consultant to abortion-rights advocates , reflecting the relief of his compatriots after last week 's victories , the first major events since the Supreme Court , in its July 3 Webster decision , permitted the states to enact restrictions on abortions . 
Chase Manhattan Corp. , after trying unsuccessfully to sell its interest in its lower Manhattan operations building , has exercised its option to purchase the 50-story office tower . 
Mr. Smith and a spokesman for the America 's Cup Organizing Committee insist that the added competition for the defender 's spot will only improve the race . 
Futures prices rose slightly in a market filled with rumors that a new international coffee agreement might still be achieved . 
The Miami-based environmental engineering concern said GSX Chemical also will assume about $ 1.6 million in debt related to those divisions . 
Operating profit in the company 's abrasives segment rose 16 % while operating profit in the engineering materials segment rose 2 % . 
`` Why we even just sold a three-bedroom house in Van Nuys and were able to keep the price firm in a weak real-estate market by noting that the original Lone Ranger lived there , '' says David Rambo , a sales associate with Jon Douglas Co. , a Los Angeles real-estate agency . 
Poughkeepsie also expects to post a one-time charge of $ 8.3 million , resulting in a net loss for the third quarter . 
ARTICLE I , SECTION 7 , CLAUSE 3 : 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
The Kraft package included a specially published cookbook , a national free-standing insert in Sunday newspapers , and a Kraft `` advertorial '' section that ran in five Meredith magazines . 
If this version , with its references to Steven Spielberg , Spago and `` thirtysomething '' attracts younger audiences who might stay away from the classical version , then Messrs. Bartlett and Falls are justified in abandoning Mr. Wilbur . 
MassMutual Corporate Investors fell 3 to 29 after declaring a quarterly dividend of 70 cents a share , down from 95 cents a share . 
The deregulation of railroads and trucking companies that began in 1980 enabled shippers to bargain for transportation . 
`` If there 's a problem , Peter disappears , and all of a sudden Jon shows up . '' 
January platinum rose $ 2.30 an ounce to $ 488.60 . 
`` If you know you 've got stability in price , you can do things you would n't do with the volatility of the past few years . '' 
Mr. Kuehn , the company said , will retain the rest of the current management team . 
AT&T gave a 5 % to 10 % discount to the Memphis , Tenn. , company that oversees Holiday Inns , in response to a similar discount offered to Holiday Corp. by MCI Communications Corp . 
The session is to consider a defensive plan to spin off assets to fend off Sir James Goldsmith 's # 13.4 billion bid for B.A.T . 
Their relationship with Mr. Sugarman soured shortly thereafter . 
Meetings canceled by Apple Computer Inc. 's European sales force and by other groups raised the specter of empty hotel rooms and restaurants . 
Today , Conner controls an estimated 90 % of the hard-disk drive market for laptop computers . 
In Canton , Givaudan 's representative office received no orders in June . 
UAL declined to comment on British Air 's statement . 
Meanwhile , General Motors and Ford Motor continue their pursuit of the company . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Ashton-Tate closed yesterday at $ 10 a share , up 62.5 cents . 
The yield on the issue slipped to 7.91 % . 
`` It 's really part of the hospital of the 21st century , '' Dr. Grieco says . 
A 10-gallon water cooler had toppled onto the floor , soaking the red carpeting . 
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community . 
Coopers uses the Coopers & Lybrand name world-wide . 
Rohm & Haas Co. said third-quarter net income skidded 35 % to $ 32.6 million , or 49 cents a share . 
Stock prices surged as a multibillion-dollar takeover proposal helped restore market players ' confidence about the prospects for further deal-making . 
The A 's offensive showing in the Series got an A , as in awesome . 
The suit , filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan , seeks class-action status . 
The growing crowd of Japanese investors buying up foreign companies are n't all strait-laced businessmen in dark suits . 
It has relinquished a golden share only once before -- during British Petroleum Co. 's # 2.5 billion ( $ 4 billion ) takeover of Britoil PLC in 1988 . 
Again , you have to ask the obvious question : Why would intelligent beings kidnap seven Soviet mailmen ? 
Business is n't any better on the provincial or municipal level , foreign traders say . 
One of GE 's goals when it bought 80 % of Kidder in 1986 was to take advantage of `` syngeries '' between Kidder and General Electric Capital Corp. , GE 's corporate-finance unit , which has $ 42 billion in assets . 
Market segmentation in cars is n't new , but it 's far more extensive than when Alfred P. Sloan Jr. conceived the idea 50 years ago . 
The issue was rated single-B-2 by Moody 's and single-B by S&P . 
And Mr. Kasparov , to cheers and applause , marched back into the analysis room . 
Moscow and Kabul must have found that information useful . 
If it is n't , the black market for dollars probably will continue to thrive . 
The union on Oct. 5 requested that the contract be reopened to restore all pay and benefits that the union gave up in the 1982-83 and 1986-87 rounds of bargaining . 
-- Ivern Ball . 
Once they are in the building , they stay . 
The Mitsubishi family company acquired that property from the government some 100 years ago when it was a portion of samurai residential land running from the moat of the Imperial Palace east toward the hodgepodge of tiny shops and twisted alleys that made up the merchants ' district . 
Officials of PS of New Hampshire could n't be reached for comment . 
Third-quarter net income dropped to $ 221 million , or $ 1.55 a share , from $ 230 million , or $ 1.60 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
According to senior consultants to the church , Mr. Moon has successfully negotiated a joint venture with the Chinese government to build an automobile-parts plant in Guangdong Province , an area of China with a substantial Korean minority . 
MEASUREX CORP. , Cupertino , maker of computer integrated manufacturing processes , annual sales of $ 265 million , NYSE , had only minor damage but workers spent most of yesterday cleaning up . 
The volume resulted in dial-tone delays that were as short as 15 seconds and as long as five minutes . 
Because of the business-like manner in which the Bank goes about development , financial markets have confidence in it . 
These programs vary widely , but often require second opinions on proposed surgery , preadmission reviews of elective hospitalizations and reviews of treatment during illnesses or recovery periods . 
The strikers voted to accept a series of management proposals that will give them a higher basic wage , better profit-sharing benefits and bigger annual bonuses . 
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened . 
The prospect of buying into a cash-hungry company without getting management control persuaded at least three foreign buyers , including a member of the Elders group of Australia , to pull out of the bidding , the bankers and analysts say . 
NEC forecast sales for the year ending next March 31 of 2.74 trillion yen , an increase of 27 % from the previous fiscal year . 
In 17 central states , one small-business count shows lawmakers adopted only three of 46 bills mandating health coverage or parental leave . 
COPPER : 
Feedlots fatten cattle for slaughter , so a drop indicates that the production of beef will dip this winter . 
`` The side effects { of cyclosporine } have made the penalty for its success rather high , '' Dr. Starzl said . 
He suspects that Friday 's market decline may have a second leg , perhaps a 10 % to 15 % drop later on . 
The controversy kicked up by the proliferation of these all-terrain bicycles is one of the most divisive storms to blow through the national conservation movement in recent memory . 
John Dingell demagogues a David Baltimore , animal-rights activists do $ 3.5 million of damage to labs at the U.Cal-Davis , Meryl Streep decries the horrors of chemistry on talk shows , Jeremy Rifkin files lawsuits in federal court to thwart biotech experiments , and Dutch-elm-disease researcher Gary Strobel 's own colleagues at Montana State denounce him for `` violating '' EPA rules . 
A spokesman for the company said a meeting would be held for shareholders to vote on the amendment before year 's end . 
In 1987 , it sold a 2.5 % stake in the Veslefrikk field to the Swedish national oil company , resulting in a $ 7 million after-tax gain . 
And Mr. Jackson probably has opened new checking accounts , too . 
Dow Jones has offered to pay $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the remaining Telerate stake . 
To correct this inequality , most people would have favored an indirect tax , like the consumption tax . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Salespeople also could get a precise reading on when products could be delivered -- in much the same way that Federal Express has marketed its ability to tell exactly where a package is in the delivery system . 
( It matches her voice . ) 
The Usinor unit has agreed to provide technology and expertise to install a so-called spin caster by early next fall . 
Birtcher , a maker of electronic medical equipment , said the transaction is expected to close on or before Nov. 30 . 
On a percentage basis , Germany Fund Inc. led the gainers , leaping to 67,972 shares from three shares . 
Underscoring the size of the deficits of the past few years , the Treasury report showed that for the first time interest paid on the public debt -- $ 240.86 billion -- exceeded spending on Social Security , the single largest government program . 
`` At this stage it was felt I was perhaps more pertinent as chief executive . '' 
An EC spokesman said the two companies will be notified so they can begin negotiations with Brussels on how to modify the pact . 
The health-maintenance concern said it reached the agreement with its court-appointed creditors ' committees Sept. 28 , and intends to submit the plan to the bankruptcy court in November . 
But that is not the same as saying that the Federal Reserve has other objectives . 
A victor in the fight for Jaguar may not emerge until after the expiration late next year of British government takeover restrictions . 
`` It has made people think twice about how they use music and is forcing them to be more circumspect about doing a particular rendition of a song in its most famous form , '' he said . 
His selection increases the size of the board to 12 members . 
Debora Foster takes off her necklace , settles herself on a padded chair and gently leans forward . 
Mr. Larsen noted `` substantial sales growth '' for the recently introduced Acuvue disposable contact lens and Hismanal , a once-a-day antihistamine . 
`` There were some business deals that went bad , '' Mr. Jones says , `` but no intent to defraud . '' 
After posting losing seasons in each of the last three years , the Cowboys needed a change , he says . 
After years of mistrust born of Watergate , past misdeeds of the Central Intelligence Agency , and the Iran-Contra scandal , President Bush and the Senate Intelligence Committee appear ready -- for now , at least -- to trust each other when it comes to setting policy on covert activities . 
Trading was active . 
Ralph Costanza , head of the OTC trading department at Smith Barney , Harris Upham , said many market players are awaiting some resolution of the current debate over program trading . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
`` Traditionally , consumers were concerned about ordering after the first of December because they did n't believe they would get it by Christmas , '' says Adam Strum , chairman of the Wine Enthusiast Inc. , which sells wine cellars and accessories through the mail . 
Armstrong added 1\/8 to 39 1\/8 . 
Its third-quarter earnings more than doubled from a year earlier and exceeded analysts ' expectations . 
Instead , Mr. Beach says , investors `` probably should be carrying a very high level of cash , '' by which he means such so-called cash equivalents as money-market funds and Treasury bills . 
There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact that as educational expenditures ( in real terms ) have increased sharply in the past quarter-of-a-century -- we now spend more per pupil than any other country in the world -- educational performance has declined . 
CONTINENTAL MORTGAGE & EQUITY TRUST said it will resume dividend payments with a 10-cent-a-share payout on Nov. 6 to shares of record Oct. 25 . 
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted . 
Mr. Johnson succeeds Harry W. Sherman , who resigned to pursue other interests , in both positions . 
The company operates a fleet of trucks and boats to transport the commodities to its warehouses . 
Exports declined for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record . 
`` It 's fair to say there are more risks for the pound under Major than there were under Lawson , '' says Malcolm Roberts , a director of international bond market research at Salomon Brothers in London . 
1 . As part of the approval process for RICO prosecutions , the prosecutor must submit any proposed forfeiture TRO for review by the Organized Crime and Racketeering Section . 
Industry officials say the Bay Bridge -- unlike some bridges -- has no earthquake coverage , either , so the cost of repairing it probably would have to be paid out of state general operating funds . 
The dollar weakened in indecisive trading as foreign-exchange dealers awaited fresh economic news that they hope will jolt the U.S. unit out of its narrow ranges . 
For the nine months , Jefferies said net fell 39 % , to $ 6.8 million , or $ 1.07 a share , from $ 11.1 million , or $ 1.50 a share . 
The Wilmington , Del. , chemicals concern previously signed research superconductor agreements with Oak Ridge National Laboratory and with Argonne National Laboratory . 
The British firm has begun court proceedings in London to prevent the use of the name `` Deloitte '' by Deloitte , Haskins & Sells and Touche Ross & Co. in England and the rest of the world . 
Rearding the suit over the bank bid , Mr. Peterson says it is filled with `` inflammatory language and half truths . '' 
The computers will display stock prices selected by users . 
The transaction would mark the entry of P&G into cosmetics . 
Imperial Cup has annual sales of approximately $ 75 million . 
Justice Rubin , a state judge since 1969 , said the mandatory-retirement age hurts the court system because it deprives the state of experienced judges still capable of serving on the bench . 
Prompted by an earlier California earthquake , as well as a fire in a Los Angeles office tower , Great Western Bank in the past year hired three emergency planners and spent $ 75,000 equipping a trailer with communications gear to serve as an emergency headquarters . 
Delta has benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub . 
Corporate taxes paid for almost 12 % of federal spending in 1988 -- excluding Social Security -- compared with less than 8 % in the first half of the 1980s , the study found . 
The 7 % Treasury bond due October 1999 ended off 0.60 point to 99.35 to yield 7.09 % , while the 6 3\/4 % notes due 1994 fell 0.35 point to 97.25 to yield 7.45 % . 
Helped by futures-related program buying , the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 4.92 points to close at 2643.65 . 
Sulzer preferred him to financier Tito Tettamanti , whose secretive raid on the company 's stock had led to a bitter battle . 
The damage to the Bay area 's roadways could cause significant economic hardship . 
The typical Glass audience , which is more likely to be composed of music students than their teachers , certainly does . 
( Players have to be 35 or older , except for catchers , who are eligible at 32 because life behind the plate is so rough . ) 
Encouraged by the brisk performance , Mitsubishi plans to raise its per-share dividend to 3.50 yen from three yen . 
This is an enviably low level . 
He said the normal ratio is five to six weeks . 
Agreement on these points is a long way from a specific program , and nobody expects the U.S. to rush toward radical restructuring of the health-care system . 
The delisting of Malaysian-based companies from the Singapore exchange may not be a smooth process , analysts say . 
The heat energy plus the energy consumed by the breakup of the water molecules added to far more energy coming out of the apparatus than electrical energy going in , they reported . 
Radio programs and books have followed the daily television show . 
The consumer price index climbed 4.3 % in the same period . 
The flat report followed a four-month string of declines . 
Convex also recently agreed to use Posix , a standard for the computer language called UNIX . 
But a Ford spokeswoman in Dearborn said Friday the company has n't requested such a meeting yet . 
Our October 12 editorial should have been more precise . 
Even in the present uncertain investment climate , investors are preferring `` quality assets '' such as Treasury bills and bonds to gold , silver and platinum , dealers say . 
In addition , HealthVest said Bank of Tokyo Trust Co. also has notified it of a default and said it might take action to cure the default . 
I 'm going to ship and hope I get paid . 
The mineral concern 's own reorganization plan met a similar fate after opposition from the IRS and Manufacturers Hanover . 
The FASB had its initial meeting on March 28 , 1973 . 
`` There 's a bottomless pit of dollar demand '' by Japanese investors , said Graham Beale , managing director of foreign exchange at Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp. in New York , adding that purely speculative demand would n't hold the dollar at its recent levels against the Japanese currency . 
He is taken aback in an interview when asked whether , as mayor , he plans on reforming the political `` fiefdoms '' that perpetuate the monumental ineffectiveness of New York 's school system . 
They only know of one use for the crop , as a laxative , and with psyllium prices currently languishing in the wake of a bumper crop , they think of the seed as a marginal crop , something to grow between summer wheat crops . 
After all , farmers here work with `` hazardous '' chemicals every day , many of them the same chemicals that would have been destroyed in the incinerator . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : Per-share earnings : 30 cents vs. 44 cents \*\* 
This put Mrs. Thatcher in a bind . 
Pressure from these members prompted the club recently to soften its anti-bike rhetoric ; it no longer , for example , lumps the bikes into the same category as motorcycles and other terrain-marring off-road vehicles . 
Another 250 Libyans were already in Italy to stage a day of mourning for victims of Italy 's colonial rule between 1911 and 1943 , when Tripoli says Rome kidnapped 5,000 Libyans and deported them as forced labor . 
This is keeping the gold traders handcuffed . '' 
Nervousness that the market has n't seen the last of its recent volatility kept trading at a moderate pace , as did anticipation of a report on the economy 's third-quarter performance . 
Robert G. Hodson , 65 , retired as chairman but will remain a consultant . 
Some Canadian political commentators have opposed Canada 's joining what they see as a U.S.-dominated organization . 
Meanwhile , the many organizations inside the country that back the ANC are taking the opportunity to regain their strength and mobilize their supporters even though the state of emergency , which has severely curtailed black opposition , remains in force . 
The slowdown also results from chronic energy and raw-materials shortages that force many factories to restrict operations to two or three days a week . 
Judy and I were in our back yard when the lawn started rolling like ocean waves . 
The stock closed yesterday on the Big Board at $ 28.75 , down 12.5 cents . 
It said it would purchase the stock at market price . 
`` Look at Dostoevski and Kafka . 
`` The few million dollars I could lose today is nothing against what I could lose on the spring line , '' says Mr. Levy , who estimates that Campeau stores will sell $ 25 million worth of his clothes this year . 
MCA said revenue rose 14 % to $ 918.4 million from $ 806.7 million . 
Most are from independent producers instead of regulated utilities , and Westinghouse believes it will ride a wave of demand stretching over the next six years . 
Analysts are estimating third-quarter earnings will drop between 13 % and 20 % to about 50 to 55 cents per share , compared with 63 cents per share in the year-ago quarter . 
Mr. Ravine succeeds William R. Mansfield Jr. , who will remain with the company until the end of the year to support the transition and to complete important projects . 
I thought back to our time in small , sparsely populated communities . 
Wheat futures prices rose slightly . 
It said the reduction reflects impaired business prospects and reduced financial flexibility caused by continuing losses at the maker of Winchester disk drives . 
The materially smaller trade deficit may have been already discounted in the market . 
But the proposals also display political savvy , couching some of the most controversial ideas in cautious language so as not to alienate powerful conservatives in the government who stand to lose out if they are implemented . 
The subsidiary , Bumiputra Malaysia Finance Ltd. , was left with M$ 2.26 billion in bad loans made to Hong Kong property speculators . 
The company said the approximately $ 115 million acquisition price includes its total $ 33 million of long-term debt outstanding . 
HHS OFFICIALS expect Secretary Sullivan to continue a ban on research using fetal tissue . 
`` It 's better to wait . '' 
But again , the themes get tangled in Mr. Mahfouz 's elliptical storytelling . 
Governments have become sophisticated in handling moments of panic ( a word the London Times forbade my father to use when he was reporting the Wall Street crash in 1929 ) . 
Revenue advanced 26 % to $ 9.6 billion from $ 7.6 billion . 
For the nine months , net income rose 19 % to $ 449 million , or $ 2.40 a share , from $ 375.9 million , or $ 2.01 a share , a year earlier . 
Still , it was in Argentine editions that his countrymen first read his story of Pascal Duarte , a field worker who stabbed his mother to death and has no regrets as he awaits his end in a prison cell : `` Fate directs some men down the flower-bordered path , and others down the road bordered with thistles and prickly pears . 
`` The industry is overbuilt , '' he says . 
At the auction of six-month U.S. Treasury bills on Monday , the average yield fell to 7.61 % from 7.82 % . 
Our view is that given Congress 's attitude toward HUD , the place probably is beyond reform . 
`` When that occurs , and when the time is right , we 'll release the films in the U.S. , '' he said , adding that Turner Pictures may develop such movies next year for domestic release in 1991 . 
Pretax profit is expected to increase 18 % to 22 billion yen and net income is expected to rise 53 % to 10.5 billion yen . 
Delivery of the first aircraft is set for early November , a second for December and two for April 1990 . 
In the year-ago period , Goodyear had net of $ 63.5 million , or $ 1.11 a share . 
Last summer , the affiliates bitterly complained to network executives about the poor coverage of the student uprising in China . 
Share prices on the Frankfurt stock exchange closed sharply lower in thin dealings as worried investors remained idle as the result of two potentially destabilizing domestic developments . 
In one consumer focus group , a fan declared that , `` Campbell 's soup is like getting a hug from a friend . '' 
But on the evidence of `` The Fabulous Baker Boys , '' that may be the only thing she ca n't do , at least when she 's acting in movies . 
Sales in the latest period were $ 1.25 billion , down from $ 1.36 billion in the 1988 quarter . 
Individual investors , represented in the general-purpose and broker-dealer fund categories , pulled money from the stock market after its big drop last Friday and put the money into funds , said Jacob Dreyer , vice president and chief economist of the Institute . 
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door . 
As for the current period , Mr. Gumucio said , `` We anticipate that fourth-quarter revenue and earnings will be substantially greater than any of the preceding three quarters , but not up to the record levels of last year 's fourth quarter '' when Cray earned $ 88.5 million , or $ 2.80 a share . 
The units are the Edelmann , Ideal and Plews divisions . 
Some projects are now in the hands of lenders , including a 425,000-square-foot office facility in Little Falls , N.J . 
Orders from Campeau retailers used to be cause for celebration . 
So term insurance may not be as cheap as it looks . 
The rewriting was launched at a meeting between Mr. Bush and intelligence committee leaders Oct. 12 , a few days before the meeting at which the president complained about the rules . 
Up to now , the intense competition between IBM and Digital has been confined largely to the broad midrange of the computer market , where Digital sought to exploit IBM 's weaknesses in networking . 
Many groups are n't waiting that long . 
And , if still conscious at the evening 's end , you notice something else : The audience , at first entranced and hypnotized by the music , releases its pent-up feelings in collective gratitude . 
China could exhaust its foreign-exchange reserves as early as next year , a Western government report says , unless imports are cut drastically to help narrow the balance-of-payments deficit . 
BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB Co . ( New York ) -- 
Still , he adds , `` I could see owning both , given that individuals often have an advantage over big investors in spotting special situations based on their own insights , '' he adds . 
The Big Three U.S. auto makers posted losses in their core North American automotive businesses for the third quarter , and expectations of continued slow vehicle sales and price wars are casting a pall over the fourth period . 
Rep. John LaFalce ( D. , N.Y . ) said Mr. Johnson refused to testify jointly with Mr. Mulford and instead asked to appear after the Treasury official had completed his testimony . 
`` I think the problems in the junk-bond area are just beginning , and this will be very unsettling for companies that have issued junk bonds . 
Many investors are unaware their funds have borrowed to speculate in such a risky market . 
Yet even these insulting caricatures are not as bad as the moral hypocrisy at the heart of `` Settle the Score . '' 
Chairman Carl L. Bixby said the decline occurred although revenue rose 30 % to more than $ 8.3 million from $ 6.4 million a year earlier . 
John Franco , 47 years old , formerly vice chairman of Capital Holding Corp. and president of its Accumulation Investment Group , was named chief executive officer of this insurance holding company , effective Dec. 1 , succeeding Robert T. Shaw , who remains chairman . 
Insurance stocks provided some early support to the market , partly on favorable brokerage recommendatons and talk of continental European interest in British life and composite insurers . 
The primitive operations also burst out the back door into a small courtyard , where an ancient press squeezes rubber solution into a flat strip and newly made tires are cooled in a bathtub filled with water . 
AMR , which owns American Airlines , rose 3 3\/8 to 72 1\/4 ; USAir Group fell 1 1\/2 to 38 5\/8 , and Delta Air Lines rose 1\/2 to 66 1\/2 after posting higher earnings for the September quarter . 
Analysts believe the car makers also will create joint ventures to develop new executive models , doubling Jaguar 's yearly output of 50,000 cars . 
But Navigation Mixte is loosely held and hard to defend . 
Mr. Kellner said that despite losses on UAL stock , his firm 's health is `` excellent . '' 
Charlie Brown is selling out . 
`` It 's reasonable to say there is not a solvent S&L in the state and the amount of viable bank capital is very low , '' said Mr. Jackson . 
By not choosing one of these options , Israelis will condemn themselves , as the Maronites did , to perpetual war with the Muslims in their midst , and so to the internal erosion of their state . 
The Chivas ad illustrates -- via a series of pullouts -- the wild reactions from the pool man , gardener and others if not given Chivas for Christmas . 
While competitors moved production offshore in response to the sagging competitiveness of Japanese factories , Sansui lacked the money to build new plants in Southeast Asia . 
No lawyers or tape recorders were present . 
`` We were reassured they would stand behind the company . '' 
`` We are all very amiable , '' Mr. Brawer says . 
The Soviet Union abstained from a U.N. General Assembly vote to reject Israel 's credentials . 
The Big Board reported that short interest dropped to 523,920,214 shares as of Oct. 13 from 547,347,585 shares in mid-September . 
Mr. Lescaze is foreign editor of the Journal . 
It seems that every day a new movie opens featuring a child coping with a mother 's death , or adoption , or aging parents , or pregnancy . 
`` The time is long overdue to take a look at the fierce competition in the long-distance business and the rules governing it , '' the New York telecommunications firm said in a statement . 
B.A.T is n't predicting a postponement because the units `` are quality businesses and we are encouraged by the breadth of inquiries , '' said Mr. Prideaux . 
Markets -- 
The turnaround in the dollar fueled bearish sentiment about Japan 's bond market . 
The idea was to let small investors , the backbone of the fund business , deal in the money market 's high short-term interest rates . 
Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . 
But in spite of a wind-driven rainstorm , gridlock never materialized , mainly because the Bay Area Rapid Transit subway system carried 50 % more passengers than normal . 
Punching away , we raised what I still think were all the right issues and landed more than one hard blow , but at the end of the affair , there was just the tiniest nagging worry that we had been aiming at the wrong target . 
Investors are still waiting to see how the U.S. government will decide on interest rates and how the dollar will be stabilized . 
A House-Senate conference approved a nearly $ 17 billion State , Justice and Commerce Department bill that makes federal reparations for Japanese-Americans held in World War II internment camps a legal entitlement after next Oct. 1 . 
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford . 
Now there 's an idea . 
Article I , Section 7 , Clause 3 says that whether it 's called an `` order , resolution or vote '' or anything else , Presidents must have the chance to veto . 
Failure to win such a determination , however , would lead Comprehensive Care directors to `` consider various alternatives , '' Comprehensive Care said , without elaborating . 
Both European airlines operate extensive fleets of Boeing 747 freighters and 747 Combis , aircraft that carry both freight and passengers on the main deck . 
International Business Machines Corp. will announce on Tuesday a slew of software products aimed at eliminating some of the major problems involved in computerizing manufacturing operations , industry executives said . 
Many middle-class people would love free food , Medicaid insurance , utilities and rent . 
Mortgage securities ended little changed after light dealings . 
`` That means stocks , bonds , money market instruments and real estate . '' 
Mr. Evans told the board he needed the weekend to think about it . 
`` There will be a continuation and possibly greater focus on conservative equity funds , at the expense of growth and aggressive growth funds , '' says Avi Nachmany , an analyst at Strategic Insight , a New York fund-research concern . 
Judith Valente contributed to this article . 
Also , investors quickly singled out stocks of companies expected to profit or suffer from the disaster . 
They also support a tax credit for employers to offset the cost of hiring and training workers who temporarily replace employees on parental leave . 
Egg prices averaged 64.2 cents a dozen , down 0.2 cent from September . 
The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 and less slipped to 7.96 % from 8.00 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here . 
These and other problems squeezed Federal 's profit margins last year to 8 % , down from more than 13 % annually in the first half of the decade . 
Second in command from 1979 to 1984 , Mrs. Verne told a Paris court that the `` great disorder '' that reigned at the agency led her into temptation . 
Spiegel also opposes the beeper bill , saying the noise it requires would interfere with customer orders , causing irritation and even errors . 
Prime Computer plans to dismiss 20 % of its work force to cut costs following its recent leveraged buy-out . 
This year is the 75th anniversary of the Federal Reserve System , and some members of Congress think it 's time to take a fresh look at the nation 's central bank . 
Many contend that the report may overstate the economy 's health and predict the third-quarter figures may be the last vigorous statistics for some time to come . 
But other rake makers have their doubts . 
Investors were quick to spot other potential takeover candidates , all of which have strong cash flows and low-cost operations . 
`` If prices in the States go down , industrial buyers in Europe have the opportunity of getting reasonable prices in the U.S. , '' says Francois von Hurter , chief of Continential M&A at Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd . 
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave . 
The figure was incorrectly shown as a net loss in a chart accompanying Friday 's Heard on the Street column . 
But it now offers more two-button versions and suits with a tapered fit . 
Fujisawa gained 50 to 2,060 . 
Actually , Cervantes borrowed that quote from a writer of some 25 centuries earlier : Israel 's King Solomon wrote those words in the Book of Proverbs ( 22:1 ) . 
A volcano will erupt next month on the fabled Strip : a 60-foot mountain spewing smoke and flame every five minutes . 
Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing and head aching from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches and come home covered with tar and oil ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese and use of chemicals in fruit growing . 
`` The quarter was terrible , and the future looks anything but encouraging . '' 
Turns out that next year , Charlie Brown , Snoopy and the gang turn 40 -- and Scripps Howard 's United Media unit , the syndicator and licensing agent for Charles Schulz 's comic strip , sees a bonanza in licensing the cartoon characters to a bevy of advertisers for ads , tie-ins and promotions . 
Yet he has proved more resilient than any of them . 
Also , as former Reagan antitrust chief Charles Rule has noted , this would `` establish the precedent that the government may charge parties for the privilege of being sued regardless of whether the government prevails . '' 
You virtually ignore the tax-reducing power of indexation , which in many cases is more substantial than a lower rate . 
Albany escaped embarrassingly unscathed . 
In contrast , the fatality rate in the states that retained the 55 mph limit was 0.9 last year , the same as in 1986 . 
But it was neither deep nor lasting : light entertainment that was no substitute for an evening of Brahms . 
So long as abortion was a question for litigation , not legislation , Republicans could find political security in absolutism . 
Assuming full operation of the Seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed but is n't yet operating , equity holders would receive up to $ 500 million in cash , preferred stock and new 10-year Seabrook bonds . 
BOTH SIDES NOW : 
In September 1987 , it ordered LTV to reassume liability and funding for the three original plans . 
The New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group earlier this year began offering advertisers extensive merchandising services built around buying ad pages in its Golf Digest magazine . 
The studies are on exhibit at Harvard this month and will travel to Chicago 's Institute of Design and the University of California at Berkeley . 
Even if the buy-out group is able to obtain financing , the transaction still faces obstacles . 
When the action requires , a prison cell , consisting of an enlarged wire cage , rolls forward on iron wheels on the platform . 
U.S. brandy exports more than doubled last year to 360,000 proof gallons , a standard industry measure , according to Jobson Beverage Alcohol Group , an industry association . 
Perhaps because they won , Mr. Bork 's attackers come through more vividly than his defenders . 
Coast earned $ 10.2 million , or 67 cents a share , in the year-ago quarter . 
MCI Communications tumbled 2 5\/8 to 42 3\/8 on 4.7 million shares even though the telecommunications giant reported a 63 % increase in third-quarter profit . 
Other roads were obstructed by collapsed buildings and damaged water and power lines , an emergency relief spokesman says . 
Barry R. Ostrager , an attorney for Travelers , said , `` there are procedural bases on which this case will be appealed further . '' 
`` We were n't sure that full disclosure , as we wanted it , was being made . '' 
By 1961 , Mr. Mahfouz 's idealism had vanished or become twisted , as it has in Said . 
Deeply ingrained in both the book review `` Kissing Nature Good-bye '' by Stephen MacDonald ( Leisure & Arts , Sept. 27 ) and the books reviewed is the assumption that global warming is entirely a result of human activity . 
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do . 
That should happen by today , he said . 
AG is hardly alone in its anxiety . 
This British banking and financial-services group 's investment-banking arm , Barclays de Zoete Wedd Group , announced the following appointments at its merchant-banking subsidiary Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd . 
Moreover , analysts point out that Japanese banks have a reputation for doing deals that are n't extremely profitable if they offer the chance to build market share , cement an important business relationship or curry favor with powerful bureaucrats . 
`` Sears is likely to be unsuccessful if it continues with its pricing policy when everyone else is offering unusual values . '' 
The oil and auto industries , united in their dislike of President Bush 's proposal for cars that run on alternative fuels , announced a joint research program that could turn up a cleaner-burning gasoline . 
Democratic leaders have bottled up President Bush 's capital-gains tax cut in the Senate and may be able to prevent a vote on the issue indefinitely . 
Or those who choose not to farm can lease their lands and crop allotments for handsome sums . 
Despite continuing problems in its newsprint business , Kimberly-Clark Corp. posted a 20 % gain in third-quarter net income . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 8.36 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note widened slightly to 1.46 percentage points . 
In coming years , Mr. Cathcart says , Kidder is `` gon na hum . '' 
While claiming that penalties , legal fees and interest have driven the value of its claim to more than $ 250 million , Minpeco has agreed to settle for an allowed claim of as much as $ 65.7 million . 
As the country 's new leader , Egon Krenz , prepared to travel to Moscow today for talks with Soviet leader Gorbachev , hundreds of thousands of East Germans massed in the streets of Leipzig , Halle and Schwerin to call for internal freedoms and the legalization of the New Forum opposition group . 
`` The '86 act was a fluke . 
However , Aetna 's employee benefits division , which includes its group health insurance operations , posted a 34 % profit gain to $ 106 million . 
The West German national air carrier said cargo volume jumped 12 % to 638,000 metric tons from 569,000 tons a year ago . 
He assumed that principal and interest were `` fully insured up to $ 100,000 , '' he adds . 
The plant has a hairy stem that produces flowers and diminutive seeds . 
At the other end of the life cycle is `` Dad , '' Gary David Goldberg 's adaptation of the William Wharton novel . 
Much of the family 's mystique remained . 
CMS Energy Corp. said it would begin paying a 10-cent-a-share quarterly dividend , the company 's first since 1984 . 
Last week , `` Murphy Brown '' was viewed by 14.1 % of the available television households , while the number dropped to 12.6 % for `` Teddy Z '' and rose to 14.2 % for `` Designing Women . '' 
Portfolio managers say sweeteners like equity kickers and stricter protective covenants may increasingly be required to sell junk-bond deals . 
Investors have complained for some time about program trading , particularly index arbitrage , to little avail . 
At least two years ago , the company put 60 million barrels of oil reserves on the block . 
In Hong Kong , Sydney and Singapore -- the largest of those exchanges -- stocks recovered one-third to one-half of the ground they lost in Monday 's plunge , with major market indexes posting gains of 3.6 % to 4.4 % . 
His general-election campaign is almost Reagan-like , all muted pictures and comforting words . 
Mark Solow , senior managing director at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. , says the falloff in junk bonds may yet open new business opportunities to banks in structuring takeovers . 
Farmers lay down before the bulldozers . 
The gathering is expected to focus on curbing the fouling of rivers and lakes , limiting damage from industrial accidents and improving the handling of harmful chemicals . 
Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus division also provides specifications . 
Those days are over now , he believes . 
Now , a new law in Texas seems to be providing the proof . 
On Oct. 14 of that year , the announcement of an unusually large August trade deficit helped trigger a steep market decline . 
There are about $ 10 million of 7 % bonds priced at 99 1\/4 to yield 7.081 % in 2004 ; about $ 15 million of 7 % bonds priced at 98 1\/2 to yield 7.145 % in 2008 ; about $ 88.35 million of 7 % bonds priced at 97 1\/4 to yield 7.227 % in 2018 ; and about $ 15 million of 6 3\/4 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2019 . 
The worm also looks for elementary passwords that confer more privileges on the user . 
Coke said it will test market a caffeine-free version of its flagship brand , Coca-Cola Classic , beginning next week in Charlotte , N.C . 
Looking into Bally , he could hardly believe what he saw : a company with enormous real-estate holdings in major European cities and a market capitalization of 28 million Swiss francs ; it had 7,000 employees . 
William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , said Lincoln Savings & Loan Association should have been seized by the government in 1986 to contain losses that he estimated will cost taxpayers as much as $ 2 billion . 
However , insurance brokers and executives say that the combination of the Bay area earthquake , Hugo and last week 's explosion at the Phillips Petroleum Co. 's refinery in Pasadena , Texas , will cause property insurance and reinsurance rates to jump . 
Mr. Taylor 's overwhelming victory against Republican Tom Anderson reclaims a seat the Republicans had held for 17 years and gives the Democrats their fifth victory in the seven special House elections held this year . 
Addington Resources Inc. said it called for redemption on Nov. 21 its $ 25.8 million outstanding of 8 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2013 . 
Terms of the accord were n't disclosed . 
Los Angeles police say the thieves seem to be part of a crime network that knows how to convert blank tickets into real ones . 
The board increased to 11 seats . 
In that time more than 1.2 million jobs have been created and the official jobless rate has been pushed below 17 % from 21 % . 
He once used that line in a closed-door meeting on Panama , meaning do n't shrink from taking action against Manuel Noriega . 
If the economy turns down , such proposals could gain strong momentum . 
We think this is a superior deal to McCaw 's . 
In 1988 , 31.6 % of blacks lived in poverty , compared with 10.1 % for whites and 26.8 % for Hispanics . 
So Mr. Lawson had to resign . 
Mikhail Gorbachev , he said , is ahead of China 's leaders in his awareness of the world . 
Between 1978 and 1987 , for instance , SH Oil in Winter Haven , Fla. , sold interests in oil wells to a very select group of local residents , while turning away numerous other eager investors . 
Only for yardwork and home maintenance did women do less than half . 
It also indicates a $ 50 million drop in ad sales for regular-season games -- a risk CBS took to get an unprecedented lock on all playoff games . 
They then run remotely controlled self-diagnostic programs . 
The federal government should make free , voluntary testing for the AIDS virus the cornerstone of an expanded campaign to stop the spread of acquired immune deficiency syndrome , the Hudson Institute recommended . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 368.25 an ounce . 
SHV , of the Netherlands , which last year merged its North Sea oil and gas operations with those of Calor Group PLC and which owns 40 % of Calor , was identified as a possible suitor for Burmah . 
`` I think we will see a federal funds rate of close to 8 1\/2 % in the next two weeks and 8 % by year end . '' 
Dream on . 
But in Baltimore , Dr. Vogelstein , a young molecular biologist at Johns Hopkins Medical School , believed Dr. Knudson was right , and set out to repeat the Cavenee experiment in cells from other cancers . 
His new forecast calls for `` a soft landing . '' 
`` The impact wo n't be that great , '' said Graeme Lidgerwood of First Boston Corp . 
ESB directors warmly accepted , but a whirlwind bidding match ensued . 
HUGO 'S RAVAGES may be offset by immediate claims for tax refunds . 
McCormick is a developer and manager of futures-investment limited partnerships . 
David B. Hilder in New York contributed to this article . 
Last week , underwriters were forced to postpone three junk bond deals because of recent weakness in the market . 
Nationwide Health said that although it has the cash to cover the 25-cent-a-share dividend , its banks have denied the company 's request to pay it because the trust has n't met certain terms . 
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil-producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles . 
Commonwealth leaders turned to issues ranging from drugs to the world economy after Zimbabwe 's President Mugabe called Thatcher 's views on South Africa `` despicable . '' 
National Environmental also said it will move its headquarters from Hingham to Folcroft , Pa. , the site of its sludge dewatering facility . 
Announcement of the approval is expected to be made by Louis Sullivan , secretary of Health and Human Services . 
American Medical jumped 1 7\/8 to 23 5\/8 . 
The FTC 's request was `` not unusual '' and Emerson will make a `` full and prompt '' response , according to a spokesman . 
While some 100 million ounces of silver once held by Mr. Hunt and Middle Eastern associates are n't hanging over the market anymore , the price surge of 1979-80 precipitated an expansion of mine production and scrap recovery and encouraged silver consumers to economize on silver use , Mr. Edgar says . 
Other steelmakers envision steel roofs covering suburbia . 
Rand Corp. researchers Linda Waite and Frances Goldscheider analyzed a large sample of married women with at least one child at home between the ages of six and 18 . 
During the term , the lender can either receive a percentage of cash flow , a percentage of the building 's appreciation or a fixed return . 
Top officers insist Maidenform 's greatest strength is its family ownership . 
WHY SHOULD the Japanese cross the Pacific to buy American real estate when they can simply recreate it at home ? 
The dollar retreated . 
Feedlots fatten young cattle for slaughter , so a decline signals a tightening supply of beef . 
Many investment managers say futures are useful as a way to hedge portfolios . 
`` NASA did it right ; that 's the message , '' said J.R. Thompson , the agency 's deputy administrator . 
Ad Notes ... . 
The group will complain to Washington , to the heads of program-trading firms and to the heads of the Big Board itself , he said . 
Poachers would control the underground trade . 
Not long after the appearance of life , evidently , there was an explosive proliferation in the number of animal designs seen on the earth . 
A Carbide spokesman said `` the conditions are right for the increase to hold . '' 
Mr. Brissette will remain a Canonie board member and will be a consultant to the company . 
The Association of California Insurance Companies estimated damage to residential property could total $ 500 million , but only $ 100 million to $ 150 million is insured , it said . 
We 'd do the strategy and then we 'd come around and do the budget . 
Hong Kong officials announced last week that the base will be relocated to a small island to allow downtown redevelopment . 
Before adjustment for inflation , the association said , orders were up a nominal 5 % . 
This forecast was based on the apparent reversal of most of the negative forces -- such as demographic changes , the oil shock and accelerating inflation -- that had reduced productivity gains in the 1970s . 
For the nine months , Honeywell reported earnings of $ 212.1 million , or $ 4.92 a share , compared with earnings of $ 47.9 million , or $ 1.13 a share , a year earlier . 
Most of the buying was institutional , he added . 
Galileo will skim past Earth in 1990 and 1992 , collecting energy from the planet 's gravitational field to gain momentum for its trip to Jupiter . 
Miami Lakes , Fla . 
Such buyers must have a minimum net worth of $ 1 million , $ 200,000 annual income , or recent experience in the business area of the franchise being sold . 
That prompted Kerr-McGee to consider moving the potentially volatile storage facilities and cross-blending operations away from town . 
The debt-laden parent has been under pressure from large shareholders to boost the company 's share price . 
In his statement , Mr. Wolf said , `` We continue to believe our approach is sound , and that it is far better for all employees than the alternative of having an outsider own the company with employees paying for it just the same . '' 
ABC 's baseball experience may be of interest to CBS Inc. , which next season takes over the broadcasting of all baseball playoffs in a four-year television contract priced at $ 1.06 billion . 
BROWN-FORMAN Corp . ( Louisville , Ky. ) -- 
Booming metals prices have fueled Trelleborg 's recent profit surge , raising mining 's share of pretax profit to 68 % this year from a big loss two years earlier . 
Hells Angels was formed in 1948 and incorporated in 1966 . 
That 's well over half a billion dollars more than ABC and NBC were willing to pay . 
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . '' 
Using cinema , television and print ads , the company pitches Southern Comfort as a grand old drink of the antebellum American South . 
Viacom said it also restructured bank debt under a $ 1.5 billion unsecured bank agreement that offers significant interest rate savings . 
They seem to be having the `` worst of both worlds : artistic work with none of art 's integrity and no control over the finished product ; self-employment without fun or profit . '' 
`` I have wished I could die and be out of it -- that 's how bad it is , '' Betty Atkins , a secretary from suburban London , says . 
In the process HUD has wasted untold billions , created slums and invited corruption . 
damn ! 
Proceeds of the sale will go to Centerior 's operating subsidiaries to finance the projects , located at a nuclear unit located near Cleveland . 
When asked for a copy of the transcript , Mr. Lang said Judge Thomas P. Griesa had instructed him not to release it or the memorandum . 
Some , however , lowered yields significantly . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average drifted through the session within a trading range of about 30 points before closing with a gain of 4.92 at 2643.65 . 
Conference committees are breeding grounds for mischief . 
But it still might be cheaper than taking a major hit . 
But would n't you know , now that we are spending jillions of dollars , and have built those new divisions and new air wings , and have positioned all these ships and supplies to fight the Russians in Iran , the Russians seem to have lost interest in the whole subject . 
Are consumers too deep in hock ? 
Per-share net rose to 20.48 yen from 19.51 yen . 
Foreign auto makers are taking the Tokyo Motor Show more seriously than ever . 
CRA is 49%-owned by RTZ Corp. of Britain . 
Additional cable partners could boost subscribers even further . 
Demand for ads also rose at the eight TV stations Capital Cities owns and at its 80%-owned ESPN sports cable channel . 
Now that 's advice the writers should take to heart . 
Many traders forecast a continuation of the market 's recent bearish trend and predict the U.S. currency will remain stuck in its relatively narrow ranges in the near term and then shift lower . 
As well , reinsurers and insurance brokerage companies will have improved profits . 
Profits improved across Hess 's businesses . 
More venturesome businesses are applying their skills in commercial fields . 
Mr. Stoltzman introduced his colleagues : Bill Douglas , pianist\/bassoonist\/composer and an old buddy from Yale , and jazz bassist Eddie Gomez . 
Douglas H. Miller , self-employed in the oil and gas securities business , was named chairman of this oil and gas exploration company , filling a vacancy . 
Away from the general obligation sector , activity was modest . 
This business trust company said its board elected Kieran E. Burke , a consultant to Drexel Burnham Lambert Group Inc. , as chief executive officer , a new post , and as president . 
For instance , K mart is opening big food and general merchandise stores , called hypermarkets , and warehouse-type stores specializing in office products and sporting goods . 
Unemployment in September dropped to 1,695,000 , the lowest level since 1980 . 
Mr. Whittle said private and parochial schools in both states will be canvassed to see if they are interested in getting the programs . 
SHORT-TERM MUNICIPALS : 
`` Then there was a big liquidation of stock '' across the board , he added . 
Israel 's army lifted a blockade around a Palestinian town in the occupied West Bank , ending a 42-day campaign of seizing cars , furniture and other goods to crush a tax boycott . 
He remains an executive vice president , the company said , and his new position reflects `` the growing importance of the world automotive market as a market for A. Schulman 's high performance plastic materials . '' 
Earlier this year , the Fed denied an application by Continental Bank Corp. to purchase Grand Canyon State Bank in Scottsdale , Ariz. , on grounds that Continental had n't fully complied with the Community Reinvestment Act . 
MLX has filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering a proposed offering of $ 120 million in long-term senior subordinated notes and warrants . 
Winnebago posted a widened quarterly loss and slashed its dividend in half , reflecting the deepening slowdown in recreational vehicle sales . 
The collapse of a $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. has handed Wall Street 's takeover stock speculators their worst loss ever on a single deal . 
McCaw is seeking 50.3 % of the cellular and broadcasting concern ; the revised offer includes a feature requiring McCaw to begin an auction process in July 1994 that would buy out remaining holders at a per-share price roughly equivalent to what a third party might then have to pay for all of LIN . 
Volume 164,830,000 shares . 
It said the sales were part of a 1983 Federal Trade Commission Consent Order . 
NBI Inc. said that it can not pay the Oct. 31 dividend on its Series A convertible preferred stock , allowing the stock 's holder to convert the shares into as much as 27.7 % of NBI 's shares outstanding . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended about 1\/2 point higher , or up about $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount , while the yield slid to 7.93 % from 7.98 % Friday . 
Arkla Exploration owns sizable gas and crude-oil reserves in the South and Southwest . 
As part of its offer , Manville said it requested changes in some covenants between it and the trust to allow Manville to `` reflect a more typical corporate ownership and financial structure . '' 
Nor will students from racial-minority groups who are admitted through the new category be counted against the affirmative-action `` target '' for their group . 
GET RID OF THE DOGS . 
The account had been at Della Femina McNamee WCRS , New York . 
Silver , now trading around $ 5 an ounce , surged to an all-time peak of $ 50 an ounce in January 1980 from around $ 9 in mid-1979 . 
More recently , he negotiated `` indemnification '' clauses in which an ad agency in some cases must pay a client if it drops the account . 
International Business Machines Corp. said it agreed to let Motorola Inc. participate in a semiconductor research project as part of its effort to bolster the U.S. semiconductor industry . 
EC inflation was seen at 4.8 % in 1989 , higher than 1988 's 3.6 % price rise . 
Before the loan-loss addition , it said , it had operating profit of $ 10 million for the quarter . 
Time Warner is in the process of completing its acquisition of the remaining Warner shares . 
He also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction . 
The board said it concluded that `` the welfare of the company , its shareholders , its employees and the broader public ... can best be enhanced by continued development of UAL as a strong , viable , independent company . '' 
Everybody was out buying Monets . '' 
Monthly sales of his Egg King machine -- which he now is marketing through a new company -- have sunk to about half a dozen from a peak of 75 , says the 46-year-old businessman . 
It was promoted on cable services , including MTV , Nick at Night and VH-1 , and premiered as the No. 22-rated show for the week . 
The securities yield from 9.35 % to 10.48 % for a 30-year issue with an average life of 21.18 years . 
A cross-state econometric investigation , furthermore , reveals that , holding other factors constant , the difference between a state 's major-party vote going to the Republican gubernatorial candidate and the Republican share of the lower state house is a positive function of the state tax rate . 
In contrast to the 1 % conversion fee charged by Visa , foreign-currency dealers routinely charge 7 % or more to convert U.S. dollars into foreign currency . 
But the computer did n't play Mr. Short 's ninth move , a key pawn thrust , and its position deteriorated rapidly . 
Although that may sound like an arcane maneuver of little interest outside Washington , it would set off a political earthquake . 
Instead , a spokesman blames the dismal third-quarter showing on `` an environment that is being distorted by a very harsh climate for sales of durable goods , '' which account for roughly two-thirds of Sears 's annual merchandise volume . 
But after joining the tax department of a USX subsidiary 30 years ago , he set the modest goal of becoming tax manager by the age of 46 . 
Jeffrey Miller of Miller Tabak Hirsch & Co. said that given the high degree of leverage in the options market , it is `` very easy for these guys to get wiped out . 
Rumors that Unilever is interested in acquiring Schering-Plough Corp. 's Maybelline unit are widespread . 
The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission sued New York state for age discrimination against appointed state judges . 
Why is he cashing in now ? 
Mr. Gintel owns 300,000 of the company 's 6.3 million common shares outstanding . 
The trial had been postponed to allow Dunkin ' Donuts to seek alternatives to DD Acquisition 's offer . 
LONGS DRUG STORES INC. , Walnut Creek , drugstore chain , annual sales of $ 1.9 billion , NYSE , had only minor damage and only four of its 75 Bay-area stores , all in the Santa Cruz area , were closed . 
Francis Dang , 41 , is alleged to have been involved in cheating Drexel Burnham Lambert of up to 2.1 million Singapore dollars ( US$ 1.1 million ) by carrying out unauthorized transactions on the London Commodities Exchange and the International Petroleum Exchange . 
`` There seems to be a presumption in some sectors of ( Mexico 's ) government that there is a lot of Japanese money waiting behind the gate , and that by slightly opening the gate , that money will enter Mexico . 
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group . 
Sony Corp. , which temporarily dropped out of the PC business three years ago , started selling its work station in 1987 and quickly became the leading Japanese company in that market . 
But programs in individual computers must be revised in order to work with that system . 
AT&T said its amended pension program will nearly double to 34,000 the number of managers eligible to retire with immediate pension payments . 
Yet abortion-rights forces remain bitterly critical . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
`` They may not have been able to articulate it all , but they did it , '' says Stephen Gillers , a legal ethics expert at New York University law school . 
A spokeswoman for the state 's Office of Court Administration declined to comment on the suit . 
On Friday , 13 % of volume was in computer-guided program trades . 
Hearing of this information , the husband discussed it with his broker , Mr. Chestman , and Mr. Chestman then bought for his own account and other clients . 
But opponents , led by the CWA , say new laws are needed because monitoring is heavily concentrated in service industries and 81 % of monitored workers are n't represented by unions . 
`` If it causes management to take their eye off the ball , inventory shrinkage is going to be affected , '' says Lewis Shealy , vice president for loss prevention at Marshall Field 's , the department store chain . 
That came in the seventh inning of Game Four when , trailing 8-2 , they scored four times and brought their big heat -- Will Clark and Kevin Mitchell -- to the plate with one out and a runner on . 
The accompanying table shows how this strategy would work for three stocks . 
At about 10:40 a.m. on the over-the-counter trading desk at a major brokerage firm , a veteran trader who buys and sells some of the most active stocks looked at a senior official and asked , `` What 's going on ? 
The baccalaureate bonds -- tax-free , offered in small denominations and usually containing a provision that they wo n't be called before maturity -- seem to be tailor-made for college savers . 
Criticism from such big advertisers as Estee Lauder Inc. , Colgate-Palmolive Co. and Seagram Co. put a damper on the euphoria at the American Magazine Conference here . 
The bill must be enacted before the cuts can be restored . 
Barely visible on Hong Kong 's property scene in 1985 , by last year Japan had become the top foreign investor , spending $ 602 million . 
A policeman shakes his head in amazement as he steers them away . 
At least three other factors have encouraged the IMF to insist on increased capital . 
The violent temblor , which lasted about 15 seconds and registered 6.9 on the Richter scale , also caused the collapse of a 30-foot section of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge and shook Candlestick Park . 
`` If it were an open market , we would have been in in 1983 or 1984 , '' says Eckhard Pfeiffer , who heads Compaq Computer Corp. 's European and international operations . 
`` It 's important to gain leadership , '' a Toshiba spokesman says . 
Measures already in effect that are expected to be made law include a ban on military sales and exchanges , a suspension of most high-level government contacts and a halt to U.S. trade enhancement programs , such as the Overseas Private Investment Corp. and the Trade Development Program . 
Coca-Cola Enterprises , which is 49%-owned by Coca-Cola Co. , also said it repurchased about 1.2 million of its common shares during the third quarter . 
Running a charity does cost money , but reputable organizations manage to get the lion 's share of donations out to where they are really needed . 
Reebok said Mr. LaBonte will resume the presidency of Vantage Group Inc. , a California-based venture capital firm that he founded in 1983 . 
Mr. Kriz of Moody 's said the problems in the securities portfolio stem largely from positions taken last year . 
IRA account assets have grown to about $ 400 billion from $ 393 billion last year and just $ 26 billion in 1981 . 
In the previous year , it had a loss of $ 22.5 million , or $ 6.52 a share , on revenue of $ 41.1 million . 
TWO COMPANIES plan to market a new chip with ceramic circuits that store data even when the power is off . 
At Winnebago , sales for the quarter fell 6 % to $ 89.5 million from $ 95.4 million a year earlier . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
The mild inflation figures renewed investors ' hopes that the Federal Reserve will ease its interest-rate stance . 
But whether the pilots can team up with their longtime adversaries , the machinists , is another question . 
Hewlett-Packard is based in Palo Alto , Calif . 
Greenville , Miss . 
Frank Mirabello , a lawyer for the Dorrance estate with the Philadelphia law firm of Morgan , Lewis & Bockius , declines to comment on the financial arrangements . 
But Darman suggests such tensions will dissipate quickly . 
Indeed , only hours earlier , Mrs. Thatcher had called Mr. Lawson 's economic policies `` sound '' and said she has `` always supported '' him . 
While some are renegade riders who simply scorn regulations , much bad riding simply reflects ignorance that can be corrected through `` education and peer pressure , '' says Jim Hasenauer , a director of the International Mountain Biking Association . 
On Friday , when only a dozen common stocks hit 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange , five were gold-mining issues , and another four were utilities . 
The opening show featured a secretary of defense designate accused of womanizing ( a la John Tower ) . 
`` The agency has concluded that contamination may be widespread throughout the mushroom-processing industry in China , '' an FDA spokesman said yesterday . 
Not nearly in his best form , the tenor made dullish sounds along with his usual clumsy hand gestures . 
However , Mr. Ortega was included . 
On the Toronto Stock Exchange , Cineplex closed at C$ 12.875 , off 37.5 Canadian cents , well below the C$ 16.40 level . 
In when-issued trading , the notes were quoted at a price to yield 7.78 % . 
A `` three '' is 10 times 10 again , and so on . 
Not only are there camera operators on all sides , but the proceedings are shown on monitors throughout the theater . 
Mobil , which said it plans to cut its exploration and production work force by about 8 % in a restructuring , dropped 5\/8 to 56 1\/8 . 
Owings , Md . 
Another poked a hole in the heel of his shoe . 
`` This bad trade number raises some deeper issues about the market decline , '' said Norman Robertson , chief economist for Mellon Bank . 
`` I think we 're making progress . '' 
Confusion about the two banks ' hurried efforts to round up financing for a new bid that the UAL board has n't even seen yet helped send UAL stock spiraling downward . 
Though Charisma 's sales are up slightly this year , Mr. Harty says profits will be flat or lower . 
Rising in the firm , he became powerful and bland , though his new wife , Susan , made him shine in the gossip columns with her profligate spending habits and flamboyant frocks . 
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % . 
At the same time , many of Spain 's traditional export markets in Latin America and other developing areas faced a sharp decline in economic growth . 
What far too many people concerned about education either fail to understand or choose to ignore is that American children , on the whole , are among the most undisciplined in the world , making any attempt at improvements in the mode of education potentially unsuccessful . 
Other stocks hurt by earnings-related selling included Tandy , which dropped 1 3\/8 to 44 , and Eaton , which retreated 2 1\/2 to 57 1\/2 . 
Indeed , the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom . 
Despite administration reservations , the plan has had the quiet backing of customs officials as well as influential lawmakers from Cessna 's home state , Kansas . 
T-bills sold at Monday 's auction yielded 7.90 % for six months and 7.77 % for three months , up from 7.82 % and 7.61 % , respectively , the week before . 
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding . 
But there are other long-term effects that raise serious questions about the ability of California 's infrastructure to withstand a major temblor . 
We 're not rushing into anything . 
`` Developers are teaming up with institutions often acting as project managers , '' says Smedes York , ULI president and president of York Properties Inc. , of Raleigh , N.C . 
He is the jealous friend of Philinte , and the jealous lover of Celimene . 
The securities were priced at 99.1875 to yield about 9.19 % . 
Recently the industry has faced the threat of new restrictions , and political donations may have been made with the intent to bribe . 
He has bought some trendy Western clothes , and a green Mercedes with an American flag in the window . 
According to Mr. Nixon 's office , `` This is solely a fact-finding trip . 
However , even USX executives who work closely with him are n't sure about his long-term goals . 
`` We could have called ourselves the Academic Intellectual Society , but then everyone would have said , ` Oh , you mean the nerd-and-geek club , ' '' Leonid Fridman , SONG 's graduate-student adviser , told 19 attendees at the club 's inaugural meeting earlier this month . 
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS are concluding fewer criminal cases with trials . 
He said results were better than he 'd expected and indicate that Goodyear is in the midst of a turnaround from a string of lackluster quarters that have plagued the company for a year . 
`` We do n't need cartoons anymore . 
But Mr. Azoff had been negotiating for more than a year to get out of his MCA contract , which expired in 1991 . 
It was worth it , just for the look on Albert 's face . '' 
Cotton Inc . Campaign 
But that could change if demand for OPEC 's oil softens seasonally early next year as some think may happen . 
Norfolk Southern went up 1 1\/8 to 37 7\/8 . 
Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the `` bugs '' are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers . 
Mr. Pilson gave him one : He bid $ 243 million for rights to the 1992 Winter Games in Albertville , France ; ABC and NBC would n't bid even $ 200 million . 
The time schedule for installing the equipment also will be developed by the task force , the company said . 
Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : E. Garrett Bewkes III , a 38-year-old managing director in the mergers and acquisitions department ; Michael R. Dabney , 44 , a managing director who directs the principal activities group which provides funding for leveraged acquisitions ; Richard Harriton , 53 , a general partner who heads the correspondent clearing services ; Michael Minikes , 46 , a general partner who is treasurer ; and William J. Montgoris , 42 , a general partner who is also senior vice president of finance and chief financial officer . 
Some Golenbock lawyers wo n't be invited to join Whitman & Ransom , according to partners at both firms . 
The California pension fund 's planned investment in the real estate unit is unusual . 
The State Department said it has n't yet seen copies of those papers . 
Among bigger stocks , the Nasdaq 100 Index rose 1 % , or 4.56 , to 453.05 , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.2 % . 
But even those numbers do n't describe the situation as well as the athletes do in their own words . 
The thrifts had a combined loss of $ 487.8 million in the second quarter . 
Continued investment in my 1984 subcompact has been part of my strategy ( Figure 5 ) , with present annual contributions now equaling more than 60 % of the car 's original value . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the tax credit was $ 3.3 million . 
In one , the lawyer for a 20-year-old resident of Columbia , Mo. , who was charged with drunk driving , argued that his client should be treated as a 21-year-old adult because his actual age should be calculated from conception , not from birth . 
And now that returns must show dependents ' Social Security numbers , the IRS wants to see which dependents show up on more than one return -- and which dependents turn out to be deceased . 
Even print-shop operator Clay Smith of Naperville wo n't discard his old supply . 
So Brooks gave the dirty work to Coin Wrap Inc. , which came up with an unusual solution . 
The city is full of aging bridges , water mains and roadways that are in need of billions of dollars worth of repair . 
A mile and a half away looms the 150-foot-tall rig of the Sniper , due to be pumping by December . 
But President Bush is expected to veto the congressional legislation and that , along with the easy approval of the Pennsylvania measure , is likely to mute the abortion-rights activists ' claims of momentum and underline the challenges faced by this resurgent movement . 
`` Whatever you tried to change , whether it was cutting costs or attracting new partners , the big obstacle was the old union leadership , '' says oil consultant George Baker . 
Lucky for Cap , Ike was easygoing and soon went away , while the shah -- he kept coming back . 
`` Unisys is getting clobbered . 
Revenue fell 5.8 % to $ 407.9 million from $ 433.2 million . 
Machine tool shipments last month were $ 281.2 million , a 24 % rise from a year earlier and a 25 % increase from August . 
Fannie Mae 's 9 % issue was at 98 7\/32 , up 1\/8 . 
This reflects the restoration of wage cuts in the steel and other industries as well as higher wages granted nurses who work in health-care facilities . 
The company said it estimates the Desert Inn remodeling will cost about $ 32 million , and the refurbishment of the three DC-8-62 aircraft , made by McDonnell Douglas Corp. , will cost around $ 24.5 million . 
So if anything happened to me , I 'd want to leave behind enough so that my 33-year-old husband would be able to pay off the mortgage and some other debts ( though not , I admit , enough to put any potential second wife in the lap of luxury ) . 
Iverson Technology Corp. was one of the fastest-growing small companies in America -- until last year . 
The company said the decline was attributable to a 79 % reduction in net gains on loan sales this year . 
The trip from the test tube was not without snags . 
`` It does n't mean anything -- it 's public-relations money . '' 
It was n't known to what extent , if any , the facility was damaged . 
This can have its purposes at times , but there 's no reason to cloud the importance and allure of Western concepts of freedom and justice . 
Criticism of the Abbie Hoffman segment is particularly scathing among people who knew and loved the man . 
Unlike stop orders -- which are filled at the market price when the stop price is hit -- stop-limit orders demand that the trades be made only at the specified price . 
Recent studies by Georgeson & Co. conclude that corporations with poison pills have experienced greater stock-price appreciation than corporations without poison pills during the past few years . 
Enserch Corp. said about 12 million , or 93 % , of the publicly traded units of its limited partnership , Enserch Exploration Partners Ltd. , were tendered in response to an offer that expired Monday . 
While not officially an executive at Continental during Mr. Corr 's tenure , Mr. Lorenzo is known for keeping close tabs on Texas Air 's operating units . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
`` We must find ways to save money for the futures commission merchants who do business on our exchanges . '' 
Phillip Brannon of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets added : `` You do n't want to minimize this and say nobody is looking at it . 
And , by the end of that week , the key federal funds interest rate , which is largely controlled by the Fed , had settled at 8.75 % , barely changed from the level of just under 9 % that prevailed the previous week . 
In the chemicals segment , pretax profit rose 7 % to $ 69.2 million from $ 64.9 million . 
The trial of the case lasted seven months and ended in September with a hung jury . 
Analysts say the earnings improvement came from cutting costs rather than increasing sales . 
Virginia M.W. Gardiner 
Further expansion into southern Europe is also possible , says Mr. Bell , the spokesman . 
But traders said the quake had only a minor impact on the trading of California state and local municipal debt . 
Defendants include British Petroleum America ; Trinidad Corp. , the shipper ; and the pipeline liability fund . 
`` I 'm not saying they 've stopped altogether , but future deals are going to be structured differently and bids probably wo n't be as high . '' 
This is an index fund with a bet . 
Some 500 insects and 150 diseases wiggle , chew and romp through growers ' nightmares , including maggots , mites , mildew , thrips , black rot and the flat-headed borer . 
The buy-out effort also worsened already-strained relations between United 's pilot and machinist unions . 
He noted that some minimum margin requirements have been reduced to levels below those before the 1987 crash . 
`` The prognosis is only fair , '' says Kathie Roberts , administrative director of the Texas Right to Life Committee . 
A state-of-the-art plant cost $ 40 million in the mid-1970s but costs $ 500 million today because the technology is so complex . 
P&G already has shown it can meld some traditional packaged-goods techniques with the image-making of the cosmetics trade in the mass-market end of the business . 
Observers also wonder whether Judge Mazzone will use the lost-profits method of determining damages , which Polaroid favors because it would result in a larger award , or the reasonable royalty method . 
The size of the offering was increased from the originally planned $ 250 million ( redemption amount ) . 
The MIT project devised ways for E-mail to be automatically categorized as top priority if it comes from certain designated senders or requires action in the next couple of days . 
`` Our members are eager to begin trading this contract , so we expect no difficulty in attracting locals to the natural gas pit , '' he said . 
PACS GIVE and receive in a debatable duet with employees ' favored charities . 
Managers and presenters insist that chamber music concerts are a hard sell , but can audiences really enjoy them only if the music is purged of threatening elements , served up in bite-sized morsels and accompanied by visuals ? 
Sony Corp. won a pretrial order blocking U.S. sales of Justin Products Inc. 's `` My Own '' line of portable audio players for children . 
Carriers boosted rates more than 10 % in the North Atlantic between the U.S. and Europe last September , hoping to partly restore rates to earlier levels . 
To help do this , Mr. Palmer developed a portable massage chair three years ago that he hopes will bring `` structured touching '' into mainstream America . 
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990-model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars . 
`` There was a difference of opinion as to the future direction of the company , '' a spokeswoman said . 
Shearson is offering the notes as 6 3\/4 % securities priced to yield 6.15 % . 
Because the show has acquired a sense of place by being filmed on location in Georgia , this episode -- in which Althea gets raped by an arrogant white schoolteacher -- does a decent job of tracing the social repercussions of the crime . 
Bonuses would be paid based on playing time and performance . 
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit . 
The $ 472 million of losses State Farm expects from Hugo and an additional $ 300 million from the earthquake are less than 5 % of State Farm 's $ 16.7 billion total net worth . 
In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace and Electronics groups ; the new Defense and Space Group will contain the Aerospace and Electronics division and Advanced Systems , both based in the Seattle area ; Boeing Helicopters in Philadelphia ; Boeing Military Airplanes in Wichita , Kan. , and ArgoSystems in Sunnyvale , Calif . 
The dollar weakened against most other major currencies . 
Stores such as Sears that sell big-ticket durable goods might actually get a boost as consumers rush to replace items lost in the disasters , he said . 
After five years of management turmoil , with four different studio heads , Columbia sorely needs a stable , savvy team to restore its credibility and get it back in the business of making hits . 
These firms are pioneers in a significant new trend in the corporate world : the rise of what I call corporate due process . 
Banks , investment and credit firms would be permitted to own land equivalent in value to 50 % of their capital -- currently the proportion is 75 % . 
And the world could experience its first psyllium shortage . 
Typically , these measures include reforms to downsize the role of government and parastatals in the economy , to open up inward-looking economies to international competition and to promote the development of a vigorous private sector . 
Mr. Lloyd said if Qintex had defaulted it could have been required to repay $ 92 million in debt under its loan agreements . 
So far there is little to show for such efforts . 
And the Fed has at most very limited ability to contribute to the achievement of other objectives by means other than by stabilizing the price level . 
Only 22 % supported private security patrols funded by the merchants themselves . 
The approval , which had been expected , permits West Germany 's second-largest bank to acquire shares of the French investment bank . 
Even staunch anti-bike Sierra members concede that 10 % of all riders cause most of the problems . 
Critics also say American companies charge too much . 
`` They 're trying to keep planes flying on days they 'd normally park them , '' says Roger Bard , president of Mr. Mitchell Travel Service in Burnsville , N.C . 
Guaranteed by India . 
The investment choices offered by the pension fund currently are limited to a stock fund , an annuity and a money-market fund . 
Next month , Northwest Airlines says , a 108-year-old Lansing , Mich. , woman is taking it up on the offer to fly with her 72-year-old son to Tampa , Fla . 
Mr. Luzon and his team , however , say they are n't interested in a merger . 
Executions , regardless of how frequently they occur , are also `` proper retribution '' for heinous crimes , Mr. Hatch argues . 
Under those amendments , which took effect in March of this year , the federal government can intervene in private housing-discrimination lawsuits . 
John R. Garrison President National Easter Seal Society 
`` There 's pretty good evidence that utilization management has reduced inappropriate hospitalization , '' he said . 
Growing pressures on the Arizona real-estate market are affecting the thrift ; Pinnacle West told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report it may consider filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection if it ca n't reach an agreement with federal regulators to provide additional capital to MeraBank . 
He 's got a wife and two kids and a house in the suburbs ; the audience sees only the house , and only near the end of the movie . 
He was a `` socialist warrior '' who felt rankled by West Germany 's enormous postwar prosperity and the Bonn government 's steadfast refusal to recognize the legitimacy of his state . 
Redland International Funding PLC ( U.K. parent ) -- 150 million Australian dollars of 15 3\/8 % bonds due Nov. 8 , 1996 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 15.44 % less full fees , via JP Morgan Securities Ltd . 
Optical-storage devices can handle very large amounts of data and make it far easier to edit film clips or audio recordings with a computer . 
Mr. Edelman could n't be reached for comment . 
The issue is expected to receive a double-A rating from Moody 's , the underwriter said . 
Mr. Carter said he would go to war to stop anyone from trying to grab Iran . 
He says he spent $ 300 million on his art business this year . 
The Financial Times 100-share index has dropped about 12 % from its 1989 high of 2423.9 on Sept. 8 . 
He cites IBM , which reported a 30 % earnings decline in the third quarter , and which last week announced a $ 1 billion buy-back of its shares . 
Called Task Broker , the program acts something like an auctioneer among a group of computers wired together . 
Drug money has also gone to buy expensive cars , airplanes , launches and nightclubs where drugs are consumed . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days . 
While under the control of federal regulators , Independent American 's net worth dropped from $ 75 million to a negative $ 400 million , wiping out the value of Mr. Gaubert 's real estate contribution and his stock in the institution . 
Government statistics in fact show that the profit rate -- net pretax profits divided by capital stock -- peaked in 1965 at 17.2 % . 
Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . 
Both posts had been vacant . 
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . '' 
One way to make the ruble into a major international currency would be to leave reserves of gold and earning assets in a Swiss bank with distributions based on Swiss laws . 
Himont , another majority-owned unit of Montedison , added 1 1\/4 to 47 1\/8 . 
Mr. Bush has asked Congress to provide more than $ 400 million in economic aid and food grants for Poland 's new government , but has been chided by Democrats for failing to do more . 
An Asian bloc is n't intended , he said . 
But while further modest declines might be ahead , Mr. Hafer said it would be difficult to get through resistance levels just above yesterday 's high . 
A part of the construction-oriented conglomerate SsangYong Group , it took over the dying Dong-A Motor Co. in 1986 . 
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels . 
Mr. Trump withdrew his bid before the AMR board , which is due to meet tomorrow , ever formally considered it . 
In the Reagan administration we designed a comprehensive program ; we worked very hard on it . 
When Isabella ( Ellen Lauren ) confronts her brother Claudio ( Matt Loney ) in his cell , explaining the price she has been asked to secure his freedom ; when Isabella and the disguised Duke ( Philip Kerr ) conspire to trick Angelo ; and when Mariana ( Annalee Jefferies ) , a woman wronged by Angelo , confronts him with his past misdeeds , the performers bring the dramatic high points to life with intense energy and intelligence . 
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system . 
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons . 
Major steel producers are selling cold rolled sheet steel at about $ 370 a ton , compared with a peak price of $ 520 a ton in 1988 . 
Waning demand reported by importers , retailers and even fancy restaurants all reinforce a profile of a community that is sharply tightening its belt . 
They can do this by purchasing `` index puts , '' which are simply put options on indexes that match broad baskets of stocks . 
Mr. Noriega often tells friends that patience is the best weapon against the gringos , who have a short attention span and little stomach for lasting confrontation . 
He favors FPL Group Inc. , Florida Progress Corp. , TECO Energy Inc. , Wisconsin Energy Corp. , and Dominion Resources Inc . 
One more word and you are out on a park bench , mister . '' 
`` Corporate profits are going to decrease faster than interest rates will fall , and the probability is that we 'll see negative economic growth in the fourth quarter . '' 
Trinova closed at $ 25 , down $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
There are still bulls out there . 
This heavy outside support for the worst has undermined better , moderate leaders . 
Source : International Data Corp . 
In the Bell Labs experiments , an MRI-type of machine , synchronized with the heartbeat via an electrocardiogram , rapidly flashes a magnetic field on and off as blood passes a certain point in a vessel . 
Undeterred by such words of caution , corporate America is flocking to Moscow , lured by a huge untapped market and Mikhail Gorbachev 's attempt to overhaul the Soviet economy . 
Operating profit climbed 51 % , to 572 million francs from 378 million in the first half of 1988 . 
Output in the capital-goods sector was ahead 0.9 % on a monthly basis and 2.7 % year on year . 
The report to Congress said that fatalities rose 18 % in 1987 and 13 % in 1988 on rural interstates . 
The reason , ad executives say , is that the entire magazine business has been soft -- and National Geographic has some quirks that make it especially unattractive during a soft market . 
Analysts predict a 3.5 % rise in the deflator , after climbing 4.6 % in the second quarter . 
Mitsui expects the antibiotic products to be exported to Southeast Asia and Africa . 
Soon she was running the office . 
Our commitment to manage these businesses profitably will continue . '' 
Administration officials also have said that Washington Mayor Marion Barry has delayed consideration of sites in the city . 
Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat-rolled steel segment . 
Moreover , Daewoo 's domestic sales have grown half as fast as sales of its rivals . 
After studies at that conservatory 's Pre-College Division with an assistant to the legendary instructor Ivan Galamian , he switched at the college level to Miss DeLay , Mr. Galamian 's longtime assistant and , ultimately , his rival . 
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said . 
The administration of federal credit should closely parallel private lending practices , including the development of a loan loss reserve and regular outside audits . 
Without any admission or denial of guilt by Mr. Holmes , that agreement settled SEC charges that Mr. Holmes sold unregistered securities and misled investors . 
This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger . 
The resulting stockpiling has depressed the market . 
Like the S&L mess before it , this is a problem Congress should be solving , not ignoring . 
Closely held Automax has annual sales of about $ 10 million . 
`` Lower yields are just reflecting lower short-term interest rates , '' said Brenda Malizia Negus , editor of Money Fund Report . 
But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought a hundred merchant ships more and $ 7 billion of loading barges , ramps , etc. , in order that those seven new Army divisions and three Marine brigades could unload from all those new ships and aircraft and go to war in the Zagros mountains . 
Miyoshi Oil & Fat Co . ( Japan ) -- 120 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due Dec. 31 , 1993 , with a fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
The secondary , or resale , market for asset-backed securities is relatively new and much less active than for Treasury issues . 
Warner said it will provide financing for the venture , but did n't disclose terms . 
`` And short-term , the technicians may have their way . '' 
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation . 
Growth stocks will return to favor , some analysts and money managers think , because of the jitters caused by the market 's steep slide on Oct. 13 , and because of the current swell of disappointing earnings announcements . 
Dean Witter lost a separate case involving a former bond executive earlier this year ; in August it paid $ 666,666 in back pay and a bonus to a former corporate-bond trading chief , Harold Bachman . 
In that announcement , TVS also said it was trimming production finance and hiring a new U.S. sales manager . 
For the nine months , net -- including profit from discontinued operations both years and in 1988 an extraordinary charge of $ 17.7 million related to settlement of a lawsuit -- was $ 170.6 million , or $ 4.54 a share , up 5.8 % from $ 161.3 million , or $ 4.32 a share , a year ago . 
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism . 
The problem : They 're saddled with huge plants that require costly maintenance . 
Joseph P. Jordan , 52 years old , becomes president , chief executive officer and a director of the bank company . 
And while Polly Peck is n't jettisoning the existent top-management structure of Sansui , it is bringing in a former Toshiba Corp. executive as executive vice president and chief operating officer . 
The bank 's total allowance for credit losses was $ 502.1 million , or 1.82 % of total loans . 
The 30-share index settled 42.0 points lower at 1678.5 . 
`` I do n't think Kellogg can get back to 40 % this year , '' he said . 
But in art-world parlance , Mr. Paul 's holdings are `` burnt . '' 
Moreover , state-owned Finnish companies lacking formal state guarantees could face greater difficulty raising funds in international financial markets , bankers say . 
`` It 's nothing dramatic , just a routine sell-off . '' 
These findings illustrate the vicious cycle that National Institute of Justice Director James K. Stewart calls `` crime causing poverty . '' 
Harry Schwartz , a soft commodity specialist for Cargill Investors Services in New York , said the only report Ghana has issued about the arrival of cocoa from the interior was for 7,839 metric tons as of Oct. 12 . 
IBM , which said Motorola is paying just a nominal fee to cover the 21-month agreement , acknowledged some companies had turned down its invitation to join in . 
`` Attention is fixed on the stock market for lack of anything else to sink our teeth into , '' said Robert White , a vice president at First Interstate of California . 
For the first nine months of the year , Caterpillar said earnings fell 14 % to $ 390 million , or $ 3.85 a share , from $ 453 million , or $ 4.46 a share , a year earlier . 
But lawyers said Mr. Steinberg probably faced much more potential liability because , when he sued Disney during his takeover battle , he filed on behalf of all shareholders . 
State investigators dispute that view now , particularly in light of the judge 's various business dealings in Cambria County . 
The discount rate on six-month Treasury bills fell slightly to 7.60 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.99 % . 
In appealing to those with a bit of larceny in their hearts , the fraud artist can insist that a person keep an investment secret -- insulating himself from being discovered and keeping his victim from consulting with others . 
There was a horrible smell of gas as I passed the Chevron refinery before crossing the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge . 
They are approaching everyone on the street and asking if they want to be in a docudrama . '' 
In fact , Mr. Bush 's dance was more wiggle than waffle . 
The employees also said the project may have been snagged by budgetary concerns . 
NUCLEAR REACTOR FOR ISRAEL ? 
Dealers said they also took profits to reduce holdings in their own account at the end of the October transaction period . 
Instead , they 're scrambling to protect the very programs at the heart of the HUD scandal . 
A slowing economy and the implication of lower inflation and interest rates tend to bolster bond prices . 
Congress inserted the following into the Interior appropriation : `` None of the funds available under this title may be used to prepare reports on contacts between employees of the Dept. of the Interior and Members and committees of Congress and their staff . '' 
A surprising surge in the U.S. trade deficit raised fears that the nation 's export drive has stalled , and caused new turmoil in financial markets . 
The outlook for corporate earnings is fairly bleak . 
Defenders say futures make markets more efficient and provide ways for investors to reduce risks . 
But advancing issues on the Big Board were ahead of decliners 784 to 700 . 
At the market price , the transaction has a total indicated value of $ 7.4 million . 
Starpointe holders , who approved the plan last April , will receive $ 21 in cash a share , or a total $ 63 million . 
Meanwhile , a number of top sales producers from Integrated Resources Equity will meet this afternoon in Chicago to discuss their options . 
Exxon Corp. filed suit against the state of Alaska , charging state officials interfered with the oil company 's initial efforts to treat last spring 's giant oil spill . 
Young McDuffie 's first violin teacher was Henrik Schwarzenberger , a Hungarian refugee who taught in the Macon public school system . 
Mr. Bush is plainly uncomfortable with the entire abortion question . 
Her sister , Cynthia , wishes Toni had a different job . 
Justin 's attorney , Charles E. Baxley , said Justin would ask an appeals court to set aside the order temporarily , pending an expedited appeal . 
Mattel attributed the jump in quarter net to strong world-wide sales of its Barbie doll , Hot Wheels cars , Disney toys and other well-known toy lines . 
The ground shakes underneath her . 
It is partly for this reason that the exchange last week began trading in its own stock `` basket '' product that allows big investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in the Standard & Poor 's index in a single trade . 
Despite the drop in prices for thoroughbreds , owning one still is n't cheap . 
The purchase of Nekoosa would easily eclipse Georgia-Pacific 's $ 530 million acquisition of Brunswick Pulp & Paper Co. last year . 
I knew it was someone important , so I followed her into the ladies room and sure enough , it was Liza . 
The Soviets ' explanation is that the anthrax came from one lot of animal feed made from the bones of cattle that grazed on soil that was naturally infected with anthrax spores . 
He `` will not be shaken out by external events , however surprising , alarming or vexing ... . 
-- Let stand the mail fraud and conspiracy conviction of John Lavery , a former vice president of Beech-Nut Nutrition Corp. , a unit of Nestle S.A . 
Some components of the American church had their budgets cut in half last year and again this year . 
Sales in the first half came to 159.92 billion yen , compared with 104.79 billion yen in the four-month period . 
For the first time since the mid-1970s , Westinghouse this year has seen a significant increase in orders for power plants . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 68 days ; 8.30 % 69 to 89 days ; 8.125 % 90 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Ekco continues to seek further acquisitions in the consumer-products industry , Mr. Stein said . 
The Division expects that the prosecutor will announce these principles either at the time the indictment is returned or , at the latest , at the first proceeding before the court concerning the TRO . 
Ajinomoto predicted sales in the current fiscal year ending next March 31 of 480 billion yen , compared with 460.05 billion yen in fiscal 1989 . 
After four years , though , the South Gardens design is 100 % uncollaborated Jennifer Bartlett . 
Texaco has purchased an oil-producing company in Texas for $ 476.5 million . 
More-detailed reports followed , and attracted even less notice . 
The judge dismissed the suit and ordered Mr. Maynard 's company to pay over $ 100,000 in legal fees to the defendants ' lawyers . 
Another analyst said he expected LME inventories to be down by about 15,000 tons when the weekly report is issued . 
Intelogic Trace Inc. said it is exploring alternatives to maximize shareholder value , including the possible sale of the company . 
Karen Fine Coburn Publisher Global Environmental Change Report Arlington , Mass . 
Last March , nine months after the judge 's swearing-in , the state attorney general 's office indicted him on a sweeping array of charges alleging more than 10 years of `` official oppression '' in Cambria County , a depressed steel and mining community in western Pennsylvania . 
`` It becomes a source of cash '' for the company making the LBO because it gets a deduction and does n't have to repay the debt for several years . 
But in October 1987 , when portfolio insurers rushed to sell at the same time , they overwhelmed both the stock and futures markets . 
Mr. Templeton owns shares in several of the 33 funds that his firm manages , but only in three of the 10 available to U.S. investors , according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan , after years of making lackluster cars and lousy profits , has loosened up its rigid ways and now is riding a string of hits , ranging from the sleek Maxima sedan and Porsche-like 300ZX to the whimsically nostalgic Pao , a minicar sold only in Japan . 
Indeed , in a note to the results , directors said if the `` true worth '' of some of the group 's assets were taken into account instead of using book values , the negative net asset backing a share would turn into `` a substantial positive '' one . 
Although poison pills come in different colors and shapes , they usually give current shareholders the right to buy more stock of their corporation at a large discount if certain events occur -- typically , if a hostile bidder acquires more than a specified percentage of the corporation 's stock . 
Reuben Mark , chairman of Colgate-Palmolive Co. , said he is `` comfortable '' with analysts ' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share . 
It said sales of such properties were slower than anticipated in the third quarter , but it expects sales to pick up in the rest of the year . 
Soo Line said its board appointed a special committee of independent directors to study the proposal . 
Ms. Bartlett told her audience that she absolutely did not believe in compromise or in giving in to the client `` because I do n't think you can do watered-down versions of things . '' 
Logic plays a minimal role here . 
Neither Mr. Dennis nor officials of his Chicago trading company , C&D Commodities , could be reached for comment . 
All three new models are outselling their predecessors by wide margins . 
But the disappointing sales of DAT machines here and abroad so far have not seemed to warrant the three years of legal wrangling that went into the agreement . 
An official at Nestle Korea , a 50-50 joint venture between Nestle S.A. and the Doosan Group , said the new facility will manufacture all types of soluble , roasted and ground coffee , coffee mix and nondairy coffee creamer . 
Federal and state tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of occupation , high income , type of income , or some other characteristic that may signal an opportunity or tendency to hide income or exaggerate deductions . 
The newly chartered bank will assume about $ 125.7 million in 10,300 deposit accounts and pay the FDIC a purchase premium of $ 2.9 million . 
The date was misstated in Friday 's edition . 
`` Now that the supply situation seems to be improving , it would be best for traders to switch their concentration to the demand side . '' 
`` The highway system is screwed up '' by the earthquake , Mr. Engelken said . 
But while pumping more money into the economy would bring relief to many industries , it also runs the risk of triggering another period of runaway growth and steep inflation . 
He puts in busy six-day weeks ( excluding game days ) , and on one recent afternoon fielded questions , in the course of an hour , from a TV producer , his luxury-suite marketing manager , a disgruntled customer and a roomful of Arkansas reporters . 
Union Bank of Finland -- 100 million Australian dollars of 9 % bonds due Nov. 9 , 1990 , priced at 94 to yield 17.20 % less full fees , via Banque Paribas Capital Markets Ltd . 
London Metal Exchange copper inventories fell 550 tons last week to 83,950 tons , a smaller-than-expected decline . 
Known as a traditional executive , he is very much in the conservative American Express mold . 
The extent of Marriott 's use is n't known , and Marriott officials could n't be reached for comment . 
Until then , the billions HUD spends on inner-city housing simply is wasted . 
Among the takeover-related stocks that sold off yesterday were Disney , which closed down 2 1\/8 to 121 1\/4 . 
`` He recently bid $ 30,000 at a Paris charity auction for a dinner cooked by six of the world 's great chefs , but the final party cost closer to $ 100,000 . '' 
In fact , the entire population of the Bay Area had ended up with this dual role of actor and audience . 
The proposal , however , was immediately rebuffed by Arby 's parent , DWG Corp . 
Mario Mandina , president of Kansas City Lawyers for Life , says that if abortion foes succeed in using the preamble to escape prosecution for trespass , `` This will shut down abortion in Missouri . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , LIN rose 50 cents , to $ 109.25 . 
The two unions already had significant leverage simply because their employer has yet to settle with either on new contracts . 
He urged them to refer their friends , who also lost money . 
In the end his move was sparked by remarks in excerpts from Sir Alan 's autobiography in The American Economist , a 10,000-circulation academic journal . 
Mr. Lorin , a stock promoter , pleaded guilty to the stock-manipulation charges in April and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation of Mr. Laff . 
At such moments Mr. Boyd makes it clear that he has the capacity to be a superior interpreter of Shakespeare . 
`` We saw good retail demand by small banks , individuals and institutions and that is one reason why the market advanced '' late in the day , said Sung Won Sohn , senior vice president and chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis . 
He said he believes UAL management was badly advised on the funding of its original transaction . 
After days of intense but fruitless negotiations , a federal judge last week threatened to convert William Herbert Hunt 's Chapter 11 personal bankruptcy case into a Chapter 7 liquidation . 
The beneficiaries were those financiers whose icon was the topic figure of '80s capitalism , Michael Milken 's $ 517 million salary in one year . 
A video sent to association members , featuring shots of the Alamo , cowboys , fajitas and a statue of Sam Houston , does n't mince words . 
Old Stone 's construction lending portfolio includes about $ 250 million in real-estate loans outstanding . 
The announcement dispelled some Wall Street observers ' fears that New World might demand a huge premium for the delay , or scrap the deal entirely . 
As expected , First Interstate Bancorp reported a net loss of $ 15.5 million for its third quarter because of hemorrhaging at its First Interstate Bank of Arizona unit . 
The issue 's yield rose to 7.93 % from 7.88 % . 
Bond prices crept higher . 
I bow to no one in my regard for our terrestrial heritage , but if we are serious about global warming we must look at the big picture and not allow the Dominant Culture to lock us into the capitalist-exploiters-greedy-American-consumers-global - warming scenario as the sole model for discussion . 
One of the advantages of the hot-dipped process is that it allows the steel to be covered with a thicker coat of zinc more quickly . 
Units will cost from 500,000 to 3.5 million Australian dollars ( about US$ 386,000 to US$ 2.7 million ) . 
One big factor affecting the fiscal second half will be the new stewardship of Edwin L. Artzt , who becomes chairman and chief executive officer in January . 
In the quarter , the Crum & Forster insurance unit reported $ 200 million before tax of capital gains from property and casualty operations . 
Toni Johnson pulls a tape measure across the front of what was once a stately Victorian home . 
The idea is to have money rolling over each year at prevailing interest rates . 
He begins his seven-year term Nov. 9 , succeeding Kenan Evren . 
Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . 
Colombia 's judges launched a 72-hour strike to press security demands following Tuesday 's murder of a High Court justice in Medellin . 
At the center of any court fight will be the differing interpretations of the written contract between Warner and the two producers , but other murkier issues will play a big role . 
Thus , Mr. Sinyard 's company must innovate more than ever to stay ahead of them , by developing new products specifically for mountain biking . 
THE BIG BOARD PLANS to launch its own vehicle for program trading today amid growing controversy over the practice . 
Though the market was stronger , dealers said fresh buying interest was sidelined ahead of a potential market-affecting debate in the House of Commons set for Tuesday . 
The prosecutor quoted statements from the Marcoses in which they said they were in this country at the invitation of President Reagan and that they were enjoying the hospitality of the U.S. . 
`` We 're not afraid of obsoleting some of our old stuff to stay ahead of the competition , '' he said . 
The remainder is held by the public and by family interests , a spokeswoman for the French group said . 
I have thus committed sufficient personal outlay to ensure that my grounds and lodgings will never be short of greens and flowers . 
Intelogic Trace , a computer services company , was spun off to Datapoint holders in 1985 , after Mr. Edelman gained control . 
The state Supply Regulator Institute is to burn rice , corn and beans that spoiled because of neglect and corruption in the previous Christian Democrat government , a statement from the information service SISAL said . 
Apogee said the charge stems from a building supply contract in which the company guaranteed a contractor 's performance . 
In the private sector , practically every major company is setting explicit goals to increase employees ' exposure to computers . 
Wang got into financial trouble because of bloated overhead and overly optimistic sales forecasts . 
The company said it had a net loss in its fourth quarter ended June 30 of $ 36.2 million , or $ 9.33 a share , on revenue of $ 13.1 million . 
Given current headlines about the University of Florida , it may not be the last . 
The evening ended with Mr. Glass 's `` Metamorphosis , '' another multiple work . 
Another major trick in making a portfolio recession-resistant is choosing stocks in `` defensive '' industries . 
Although it is not the first company to produce the thinner drives , which store information in personal computers , MiniScribe says it is the first with an 80-megabyte drive ; the company plans to introduce a 120-megabyte drive next year . 
While major oil companies have been experimenting with cleaner-burning gasoline blends for years , only Atlantic Richfield Co. is now marketing a lower-emission gasoline for older cars currently running on leaded fuel . 
Prices for polyethylene , a common plastic and an important Carbide product , started to fall early this year ; the slide accelerated in the third quarter as buyers continued to trim inventories . 
The company also maintains rechargeable flashlights in offices and changes its standby supply of drinking water every three months . 
Prices of pre-refunded municipal bonds were capped by news that Chemical Securities Inc. , as agent for a customer , will accept bids today for two large lists of bonds that include many such issues . 
Exxon 's earnings from chemicals operations fell $ 90 million , to $ 254 million , while refining and marketing profits declined $ 180 million , to $ 357 million . 
Callable from March 31 , 1992 , at 107 3\/4 , declining two points semi-annually to par . 
We sell direct ! '' 
Volume was thin at 374.6 million shares traded , down from 405.4 million Tuesday . 
The Soviet Communist Party has the power to shape corporate development and mold it into a body dependent upon it . 
But it 's generally accepted that sterilized intervention has little or no lasting impact on currency values . 
That in itself has got to cause people to feel a little more optimistic , '' says Glenn Cox , the president of Phillips Petroleum Co . 
`` It would be a shame to have a Chapter 7 after all the progress in this case , '' said Judge Abramson . 
The economic loss , jobs lost , anguish , frustration and humiliation are beyond measure . 
Mr. Stovall does n't expect an actual recession . 
Benson & Hedges has been one of its most high-visibility campaigns , as well as one of its largest clients . 
Nobody should have to live in such poor conditions as in `` Sugar Ditch , '' but when you travel to Washington , Boston , Chicago or New York , the same problems exist . 
Sammi Steel Co . ( Korea ) -- $ 50 million of bonds due Nov. 8 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/4 % to 1 3\/4 % coupon at par , via Merrill Lynch International Ltd. and Dong Suh Securities Co . 
Expenses are flat and that 's a good sign . 
Owners say they expect the league to demand a 50 % increase , despite the fact that televised football games have had lackluster ratings . 
Mr. Carder also goes through periods when he buys stocks in conjunction with options to boost returns and protect against declines . 
`` Although it probably has reduced the level of expenditures for some purchasers , utilization management -- like most other cost containment strategies -- does n't appear to have altered the long-term rate of increase in health-care costs , '' the Institute of Medicine , an affiliate of the National Academy of Sciences , concluded after a two-year study . 
One reason for his gloom is a weekly tally he keeps of stocks within a point of hitting new highs or lows . 
`` We know there are potholes for the city out there , '' says Mr. Paterson , Mr. Dinkins 's former law partner . 
Consider , for instance , that even yesterday 's widely publicized sequester is likely to be traduced if business as usual is allowed to prevail . 
Scott E. Thomas says the plans give employees `` a bonus in the form of charitable donations made from an employer 's treasury '' in exchange for the political donation . 
It must be accepted by the court . '' 
New trade accords were signed . 
Meanwhile , competitors are being spawned almost daily ; some 300 new businesses -- many just one-person shops -- have sprung up . 
This is the nation 's biggest city and , traditionally , its mayor is the nation 's best-known urban politician . 
South Africa 's current account surplus swelled to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of between five billion and six billion rand ( $ 1.9 billion and $ 2.28 billion ) in the third quarter , Reserve Bank Governor Chris Stals said . 
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit . 
But much will depend on how quickly IBM can move . 
Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. lost its second recent arbitration case involving a former bond-trading executive . 
In the U.S. , the Hartford Courant has a facsimile edition and some other newspapers are considering the idea . 
It said net income was 17 cents a share in the third quarter , compared with 16 cents a share a year earlier . 
Dow has n't said exactly what impact the Marion acquisition will have on 1989 earnings . 
The board has 10 business days to respond . 
Also , at any of Sotheby 's auctions of old masters , roughly one-third to one-fifth of what is offered does n't sell at any price . 
Business : Restaurants 
Nowhere have eyes been opened wider than at CBS News . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
With a conservative debt-to-equity ratio of 1-to-1 -- and $ 329 million in cash -- Manville is indeed actively on the prowl . 
However , he added , `` it 's not a requirement that the plan be accepted by creditors . 
Disorderly market conditions could be observed quite frequently in foreign exchange markets in the 1960s and 1970s . 
Mr. Ireland said 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA also said it plans to sell , beginning in 1992 , have a current half-life value of about $ 34 million each , or a total $ 374 million , raising aggregate potential proceeds from the aircraft sale to about $ 1.02 billion . 
During the four-day promotion , shoppers at the Short Hills , N.J. , store lined up to pay for big-ticket items like coats and suits . 
Keeping the mood light , the two then chanted and chortled their way through some murderous polyrhythms , devised by Mr. Douglas as an alternative to Hindemith 's dry theory-teaching techniques , and then , with Mr. Gomez , soared and improvised on the composer 's tight `` Bebop Etudes . '' 
Fresenius , a West German pharmaceutical concern , has been discussing a transaction in which it would buy Delmed stock for cash to bring its beneficial ownership to between 70 % and 80 % . 
whose Della Femina McNamee WCRS agency created liar Joe Isuzu , among others -- announced a massive restructuring that largely removes it from the advertising business and includes selling the majority of its advertising unit to Paris-based Eurocom . 
12:38 a.m . 
BNL has about 75,000 nonvoting shares that are listed on the Milan Stock Exchange . 
But South Korean auto makers are confident that the export market will bounce back and that demand in Korea will stay strong . 
Such tests make the FAA confident that a Sioux City-type accident `` wo n't happen again , '' said Mr. Broderick . 
Although imports account for less than 1 % of beer sales in Japan , Asahi Breweries Ltd. , which has been gaining share with its popular dry beer , plans to fend off Japanese competitors by pouring $ 1.06 billion into facilities to brew 50 % more beer . 
`` Obviously , things are going to have to go on hold for many companies . '' 
Qintex Australia has n't disclosed its borrowings , but analysts estimate the company 's debt at A$ 1.2 billion . 
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high-tech items in New York and West Germany . 
Next to Chez Panisse a homeless couple , bundled into a blue sleeping bag , sat up , said , `` Good morning '' and then the woman smiled , said , `` Is n't it great just to be alive ? '' 
Wives May Not Benefit When Men Do Chores 
Information from an arrested drug trafficker led to the two men and the recovery of almost all the stolen art . 
Medical costs continued their steep ascent , rising 0.8 % after four consecutive months of 0.7 % increases . 
`` The streamlined manufacturing process benefits our customers in at least two ways , '' Mr. Westendorf concludes . 
The world might want to believe that the Khmer Rouge ca n't still be such bad guys , just as in the late 1970s it was reluctant to credit the reports of genocide then taking place . 
They would both give part of their combined $ 50 million in common equity in SCI TV to holders of SCI TV 's $ 488 million of junk bonds , as a carrot to persuade them to accept new bonds that might reduce the value of their claims on the company . 
Unlike other writers who either battled the fascists during the Civil War , or left Spain when Franco triumphed , Mr. Cela fought briefly on the general 's side , no doubt earning with his war wound some forbearance when he went on to depict a country with a high population of vagabonds , murderers and rural idiots trudging aimlessly through a dried-out land . 
Some predict there will be `` Third World bonds , '' backed by loans to Brazil , Argentina and other debt-ridden nations . 
Some even see a silver lining in the dark clouds . 
Some of the large amounts are being raised by small firms . 
`` Likewise , no government will stop this idea of the Afrikaners . '' 
But the rate of the decline snowballed in August , with unit sales to dealers for the month down 10.5 % from a year earlier , according to the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association . 
Istat said a national survey during the first week of July showed the number of job seekers was 2,888,000 up from 2,822,000 in April , and from 2,853,000 a year ago . 
`` I do n't think anyone is now immune from takeover , '' said Robert Schneider of Duff & Phelps Inc. , Chicago . 
The stock has fallen $ 87.25 , or 31 % , in the three trading days since announcement of the collapse of the $ 300-a-share takeover jolted the entire stock market into its second-worst plunge ever . 
July 18 , 1989 : 
He would not reveal which magazines he is considering . 
Federal investigators have identified the problem in last July 's crash of a United Airlines flight in Iowa : a structural flaw that developed during the making of a titanium engine disk . 
No one in the Senate is considering the capital-gains plan passed by the House . 
The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's , based on the quality of the underlying auto loans and a letter of credit covering 13 % of the deal from Credit Suisse . 
The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- buying advertising , public relations and design all in one place , or `` Ogilvy Orchestration '' in Ogilvyspeak -- a reality . 
The Supreme Court let stand a New York ruling that all manufacturers of an anti-miscarriage drug are liable for injuries or deaths if the actual maker is n't known . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
First , generalize . 
Imports of goods and services soared , while exports were flat . 
The comptroller 's office also said that of 37,000 complaints it received since January 1987 , only 16 alleged racial discrimination in real estate lending . 
New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust -- 
The good news is , it 's not your fault . '' 
Mr. Bush has struck a deal with congressional leaders to provide nonlethal aid to the Contras until Nicaragua holds national elections next February . 
Federal Express goes further in this respect than any company I know of with both Frederick Smith and James Barksdale , chief executive and chief operating officer , respectively , sitting in on the Appeals Board almost every Tuesday to decide cases . 
Combined PC and work-station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. . 
Microsoft and other software stocks surged , leading the Nasdaq composite index of over-the-counter stocks to its biggest advance of the year on breathtaking volume . 
And Beijing has pulled back on domestic loans and subsidies , leaving many domestic buyers and export-oriented plants strapped for cash . 
Weyerhaeuser said its paneling business employs about 300 workers at two facilities in Chesapeake , Va. , and Hancock , Vt . 
Adding to that speculation is Mr. Krenz 's reputation as a heavy drinker , who is said to also suffer from diabetes . 
But as Bill Austin , Giant 's president , puts it , `` With some of the bigger players consolidating their strength , the game has changed . 
A company spokeswoman said the company had n't decided what measures to take , but did n't rule out legal action . 
At the very least , Mr. Ross clearly sees an opportunity to use the two men to get a pound of flesh from Sony . 
We think revenue will continue to grow and that we can control costs and thus improve profitability . '' 
Not only that , Sony also agreed to give them a stake in Columbia 's future profits and buy their company , Guber Peters Entertainment Co. , for $ 200 million , almost 40 % more than the market value of the company . 
Yesterday , in heavy , national over-the-counter trading , Lotus shares rose to $ 32.50 , up $ 1.25 apiece , capping a threemonth run-up of more than 40 % . 
`` If the { new } deal had us putting up less money but still having 15 % , that would be a point in our favor , '' he said . 
But the club still insists that public lands ought to be closed to the bikes unless studies indicate the bikes wo n't injure the environment or other users . 
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy . 
Moreover , in the relatively unregulated Indian stock markets , investors frequently do n't know what they are getting when they subscribe to an issue . 
Now that percentage routinely equals a third and twice has been above 40 % . 
Mr. Carver says that at a recent Dain-sponsored conference in New York , he asked Michael 's chief executive officer if the fourth quarter would be down . 
Watson & Hughey has denied the allegations in court ; officials decline to comment further . 
Based on his control of about 45 % of Winnebago 's 24.7 million shares , his annual dividend income would be cut to about $ 2.2 million from $ 4.4 million . 
Weisfield 's rocketed 9 1\/2 to 39 after the jewelry store operator said it is in preliminary discussions , with a party it would n't identify , regarding the possible acquisition of the company . 
One might well ask : Why bother with this drug at all ? 
IBM and MCA formed Discovision in 1979 to make laser-read optical products . 
The Montvale , N.J. , unit said the new operating structure `` creates a more focused and responsive organization geared to effectively managing the size and scope of the unit 's current business . '' 
Economists expect general merchandise sales in the fourth quarter to rise 4.5 % to 6 % from year-ago figures . 
In contrast , a student loan program that was meant solely to correct capital-market imperfections would allow loans for any student , regardless of family income , at market or near-market rates . 
Navigation Mixte has investments in a sugar company , a food and canning concern , a bakery and bus and trucking firms , among others . 
BART has increased service to 24 hours a day in preparation for the onslaught . 
The company said it also suffered in the quarter from incentive programs , losses from discontinuing a motor home line and costs of developing a new commercial vehicle , among other things . 
Plans for the auction , which was supposed to take place last spring and become a regular event , have been thwarted by a lack of hard currency . 
Sales declined slightly to $ 5.17 billion . 
`` We 're close to the bottom '' of the near-term ranges , she contends . 
The Senate Banking Committee will begin hearings next week on their proposal to expand existing federal housing programs . 
If Mr. Krenz sticks to rigid policies the pressure from the Soviet Union could intensify . 
He was shocked , associates say , to learn of Mr. Icahn 's new takeover threat . 
Schering-Plough said sales gained 2.7 % to $ 743.7 million from $ 724.4 million . 
Mr. Nastro is chairman of the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange in New York and director of commodity administration at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
An anonymous caller to a local radio station said cocaine traffickers had slain the magistrate in retaliation for the extraditions of Colombians wanted on drug charges in the U.S. . 
In an interview , Mr. Joseph says his dinner discussion with the Prudential executives acknowledged problems for junk . 
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists . 
Meanwhile , Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , the two lead lenders on the UAL buy-out , met with other banks yesterday to determine if they would be willing to finance the buy-out at a lower price . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
We have a major problem , and that problem is volatility . '' 
`` This is an outstanding example of how the East and the West can work together for their mutual benefit and progress , '' said Soviet Ambassador Yuri Dubinin , who hosted a signing ceremony for the venture 's partners at the Soviet embassy here . 
Its $ 309 million , or $ 1.32 a share , gain from the sale of 75 million Mitsubishi shares made net $ 331 million , or $ 1.42 a share . 
The industrials were up about 60 points in the afternoon , but cautious investors took profits before the close . 
Creditors involved in the project contend , however , that the termination actually had nothing to do with these technical violations . 
The terms of the Geneva accords leave Moscow free to provide its clients in Kabul with assistance of any kind -- including the return of Soviet ground forces -- while requiring the U.S. and Pakistan to cut off aid . 
Earlier this month IMA , an investment group that includes Chicago 's Pritzker family and First Boston Corp. , submitted a reduced bid for American Medical after it could n't finance its initial offer . 
Wilmer Cutler 's brief argues that there is no mandatory appellate review of capital sentences and that the inmate who filed the appeal lacks proper standing . 
Some major U.S. trade partners quickly rejected a compromise proposal by Bush to liberalize trade and reduce farm-product subsidies . 
The unprecedented transfer of accounts underscored the options industry 's desire not to have its credibility tarnished by potentially widespread trading defaults on Monday . 
Gasoline for November delivery was off 1.26 cents a gallon to 54.58 cents . 
Amgen rose 2 1\/4 to 54 3\/4 on almost 800,000 shares , and CVB Financial jumped 4 to 41 on only 1,000 shares . 
Richard de J. Osborne , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said the company 's `` decisions to get out of asbestos and high-sulfur coal continue the process of simplifying and focusing the company in areas with a better future . '' 
WELLS FARGO & CO. , San Francisco , bank holding company , annual revenue $ 4.9 billion , NYSE , minor damage at headquarters , 12 branches out of 170 in Northern California sustained structural damage that will preclude them from opening in the near future , 45 locations with at least one automatic teller machine inoperable , central computer systems are operating , no injuries . 
It gave 1,124 businesses a questionnaire and analyzed 353 responses . 
The picture for China 's exports is just as bleak , mainly because of the domestic credit squeeze . 
In looking at these and other policies , I learn to ask pointed questions about some of the assumptions built into `` policy illustrations '' -- the rows of numbers that show me the buildup of my cash values over the years . 
The results are almost identical to Shapiro 's September 1988 numbers . 
Mr. Abrams said that Mr. Ortega is seeking to demobilize the Contras prior to the elections to remove any pressure to hold fair elections . 
Mervin Lung remains chairman and chief executive officer . 
Mr. Bartlett had slimmed Moliere 's cast of characters to six and set them in the London media world of Thatcherite Britain . 
But the news was even worse for Sears 's core U.S. retailing operation , the largest in the nation . 
Sony also agreed to indemnify the producers against any liability to Warner . 
IF IN VITRO fertilization works , it usually does so after only a few tries . 
The British balance-of-payments statistics show that after the top tax rate was cut to 40 % , the flow abroad of British capital slowed , to 50 billion pounds ( $ 79 billion at the current rate ) in 1988 from 93 billion pounds in 1986 . 
Now , because of various difficulties , the product has been scrapped . 
Under a previous buyback program , Inco has purchased 1.7 million of its shares since April . 
Watching Congress sweat and grimace through its annual budget labors , fighting the urge to spend more , we 're reminded of those late-night movies in which the anguished serial killer turns himself in to police and says , `` Stop me before I kill again . '' 
Currently , about 60 % of home delivery subscribers in the New York area receive the paper directly from the Times . 
If you 're still wondering about the causes of the slump in the junk-bond market , consider the case of Columbia Savings & Loan . 
Asked about the consultants ' reports , an Eastern spokeswoman said `` we totally disagree . '' 
Moreover , the company , whose go-it-alone approach nearly proved fatal , now sees alliances with others as the way back to prosperity in what it calls `` the data solutions '' business . 
The managers said in a brief statement yesterday that Morgan will help evaluate DFC 's position and help determine alternatives . 
Liquidity is not a service . 
Mr. Schwarz also said costs associated with U.S. Trust 's planned move to midtown Manhattan from Wall Street will continue to be a drag on earnings through 1990 . 
No garden-variety crime , palm-tree rustling is sprouting up all over Southern California , bringing big bucks to crooks who know their botany . 
One newer wrinkle , so called single-premium life ( you pay for the whole policy at once ) , has been immensely popular in recent years for tax reasons ; the insured could extract cash value in the form of policy `` loans , '' and none of the proceeds were taxable even though they included gains on investment . 
That analysis matches up with stock traders ' reports that , despite the huge drop in the stock , UAL has n't returned to the level at which it could attract buying by institutions solely on the basis of earnings . 
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed . 
It comes up with a toned-down version of a Democratic proposal . 
Nor has Beijing hinted to its citizens that it will publish the identities of those killed . 
While it has predicted that overall growth in unit sales of personal computers is slowing to about a 10 % yearly rate , its own products are selling at a much faster rate because many are geared to the high-performance end of the market . 
But they wo n't necessarily eat at Denny 's . 
Ratings , he notes , `` are subject to change . '' 
`` If you are already producing at 95 % or 100 % of your capacity , what 's the good to be told you can produce at 105 % of capacity ? '' asked Mr. Al-Chalabi . 
USX gained 1\/2 to 33 3\/8 on a report in Business Week magazine that investor Carl Icahn is said to have raised his stake in the oil and steel company to just about 15 % . 
The market has grown relatively quiet since the China crisis . 
So we must look elsewhere for an explanation of the unusual power this case has exerted over the minds of many , not just in Washington but elsewhere in the country and even the world . 
The House has already voted for a deep cut in funding , and in the end the program 's backers will be hard pressed to head off some reduction in spending next year . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
The public has a tendency to equate lawful demonstrations with non-violent civil disobedience . 
The evening is short -- 95 minutes without an intermission -- but even so , as the play progresses the thrust of Mr. Gelbart 's satire loses its sharpness as his targets pop up ever more predictably . 
A slim majority ( 51 % ) think stock prices will be higher in August 1990 than they were in August 1989 . 
This meant returning to the golf course , where we watched a few French duffers maul the first tee while we sat under Cinzano umbrellas , me nursing an espresso and my ego . 
In countries such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore , economies are growing , resulting in a rise in disposable income that consumers can use for soft drinks . 
The apparel maker would n't disclose terms of the agreement . 
The investor group includes Restaurant Investment Partnership , a California general partnership , and three Rally 's directors : Mr. Sugarman , James M. Trotter III and William E. Trotter II . 
And he says he 's learned a lesson : `` You always have to watch out for yourself . 
Sales to Compaq represented 26 % of Conner 's business in its third quarter , compared with 42 % in the year-ago period . 
I 'm more favorably impressed by `` no-load life , '' even though it turns out to be low-load life . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : 
Farm prices in October edged up 0.7 % from September as raw milk prices continued their rise , the Agriculture Department said . 
He argued that the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know `` precisely when and where any trading interruptions will occur and how long they will last . '' 
Also participating in the finals was Los Angeles agency Hakuhodo Advertising America . 
Dealers said the market was underpinned by a squeeze in FT-SE 100 stocks , particularly among market-makers seeking shares that had been hit hard in recent weeks , such as retailers and building-related concerns . 
Pending Shelby County , Tenn. -- $ 80 million of refunding bonds , Series 1989 , via a First Tennessee Bank group . 
By this time last year , he noted , arrivals totaling 33,270 tons had been announced . 
And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid . 
It switched to a caffeine-free formula using its new Coke in 1985 . 
First comes monetary expansion to drive down the currency 's value that was pushed up by tax-rate reduction . 
When the opportunist Lucio ( Jack Stehlin ) visits the convent to inform Isabella of her brother 's fate , Lucio not only slaps the mother superior on her rear , but brings along a voluptuous companion ( Jill Powell ) , not in Shakespeare 's script , to undulate lasciviously . 
Market makers in Nasdaq over-the-counter stocks are adding their voices to the swelling chorus of complaints about program trading . 
Vanguard Group Inc. saw heavy exchanges from stock funds into money market funds after the telephone lines opened at 8:30 a.m . 
He says bowling helps him shed pounds , though that effort is sometimes thwarted by the fact that `` when I 'm drinking , I bowl better . '' 
Several other reports come before Friday 's jobs data , including : the September leading indicators index , new-home sales and October agricultural prices reports due out tomorrow ; the October purchasing managers ' index and September construction spending and manufacturers ' orders on Wednesday ; and October chain-store sales on Thursday . 
Helmsley 's insurance premiums are expected to be transferred to several different insurance brokerage companies . 
`` Soon it 'll be so crowded , '' a narrator complains , `` that people will start eating each other . '' 
Volume was extremely thin at 351.3 million shares , the lightest volume of the week and modestly under Thursday 's 387.4 million shares . 
One takeover expert noted that arbitragers could force a recapitalization through the written consent process under which holders may oust the board by a majority vote . 
`` What kind of right to exist , '' he asked , `` would a capitalist German Democratic Republic have alongside a capitalist Federal Republic ? '' 
He added that talk of strike settlements at producing mines has been fully discounted . 
The company 's turnaround is far from complete ; many crucial tests are just beginning . 
The engine plant may encompass plans for a joint components venture with Jaguar . 
Rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Lights flickered on and off ; plaster dropped from the ceiling , the walls still shook and an evacuation alarm blared outside . 
A figure above 50 indicates the economy is likely to expand ; one below 50 indicates a contraction may be ahead . 
Earlier this month , Security Pacific , which is among the 10 largest bank holding companies in the U.S. , completed the acquisition of San Diego-based Southwest Bancorp . 
It 's hard not to feel that God 's in his heaven with this kind of bird's-eye view of the world , even if your pilote in silly plaid beret kept pointing out how `` belle '' it all was . 
Erasing the differences still dividing Europe , and the vast international reordering that implies , wo n't endanger the statehood of a Poland or a Hungary . 
`` If you invested $ 10,000 in the initial public offering in 1962 , it would be worth well over $ 5 million today , '' says Fredric E. Russell , a Tulsa , Okla. , money manager . 
The verdict , reached late last week in Cincinnati , may end an eight-year legal battle for the Greensboro , N.C. , carpet maker . 
GORBACHEV SAID Moscow wo n't intervene in East bloc moves to democracy . 
Meanwhile , the company 's board , which had said nothing publicly about investor Donald Trump 's recently withdrawn $ 7.5 billion offer for AMR , issued a statement condemning `` ill-conceived and reckless '' bids and saying it was `` pleased '' that Mr. Trump had backed out . 
The company , which also will omit its second-half dividend , did n't specify the size . 
But would n't it be more efficient and effective to supply such support to the stock market directly ? 
The dollar began yesterday on a firm note in Tokyo , closing higher in late trade . 
And those who did n't move some production overseas suffer labor shortages . 
For the nine months , BankAmerica profit soared 81 % to $ 833 million , or $ 4.07 a share , from $ 461 million , or $ 2.40 a share . 
Natural upheavals , and most particularly earthquakes , are not only horrible realities in and of themselves , but also symbols through which the state of a society can be construed . 
These are curious times in South African politics . 
None dare say to sell it . 
Though not intentionally , the Cowboys ' Mr. Jones has come to represent this new breed of owner . 
Friday 's volume on the First Section was estimated at one billion shares , up from 862 million Thursday . 
He remains chief executive officer . 
The judge ordered that a hearing be held Nov. 17 to determine how much the city should pay Mr. Hoelzer for his services . 
At the behest of pro-choice members of Congress , a four-year reauthorization bill for Title X federal family-planning assistance now contains a $ 10 million grant for `` development , evaluation and bringing to the marketplace of new improved contraceptive devices , drugs and methods . '' 
`` Our ordnance business has been hurt very badly by the slowdown , '' says Arch Scurlock , TransTechnology 's chairman . 
Greg Smith , Moon Township manager , said the ordinance is intended to prevent the concentration of group homes for the mentally retarded from changing `` the character and flavor of the neighborhood . '' 
A `` concerning '' item the analyst cited was the 10 % jump in expenses , which the bank attributes to costs of expanding both its consumer credit-card operations and its overseas branch business . 
THE CHILDREN of Los Angeles will soon have their own $ 52 million courthouse . 
Over the past four years , the number of consumer magazines has increased by an average of 80 magazines annually , according to Donald Kummerfeld , president of the Magazine Publishers of America . 
The Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-Share Index plummeted 40.4 points to close at 2149.3 . 
I ask this not necessarily as a native Ohioan . ) 
The reserves dropped for the first time in recent years , to $ 14 billion in June from $ 19 billion in April . 
Only half the New York small businesses surveyed , for their part , are satisfied with the police response they receive . 
There may be a truce in the long war of nerves between the White House and Congress over how this country conducts secret intelligence operations abroad . 
Medstone International plummeted 3 1\/4 to 7 1\/4 . 
`` But I do n't want any of that oil for my grandkids . '' 
Mr. Staloff , 44 , was a senior officer of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange and is considered a specialist in new financial products . 
Meson is the personal holding company of Steven Morfey , a Vancouver securities dealer . 
Intel 's 80486 chip is the Corvette of Intel 's microprocessors , a super-fast , super-expensive chip that only the most power-hungry computer users are likely to buy for at least several years . 
In 1987 , Mr. Rey bested leading publishing houses to take over Switzerland 's Jean Frey AG , a major producer of magazines and newspapers . 
In the second year , workers would receive a 3 % wage boost and a 3 % bonus , followed by a 3 % increase without a bonus in the third year . 
He says he has n't yet studied the Dellums bill , but that requiring a beeping tone on recorders `` would be ludicrous . '' 
He adds : `` Our fund has had { positive } net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month . '' 
b - Includes a $ 41.3 million gain on the sale of FiberCom . 
Tuesday night , thousands were diverted to other airports and had to wait a day to resume travel . 
It then determines which machine is free to do the task most quickly and sends the task to that machine . 
But starting in early September , the index started to slide and now stands about even with the S&P 500 . 
Beginning in the early 19th century , with U.S. v. Hudson and Goodwin , the Supreme Court has repeatedly held that a judicial power to declare conduct to be against the public interest and hence criminal , while well established in British law , would usurp legislative authority under the doctrine of separation of powers . 
The Minneapolis computer systems and services concern said the offer is required under the senior note indenture as a result of Control Data 's recent sale of its disk drive subsidiary , Imprimis , to Seagate Technology Inc . 
The earthquake is likely to reduce GNP negligibly in the near term and then could raise it a bit as rebuilding begins . 
As usual , the over-the-counter market 's biggest technology stocks were hardest hit . 
Oakland officials were still uncertain about the magnitude of structural damage late yesterday ; a section of I-880 , a twotiered highway , collapsed in Oakland , causing a majority of the deaths resulting from the quake . 
Meantime , shippers with vessels on order from Waertsilae Marine will remain in limbo . 
Even the Soviet Union came , for the first time in 24 years , to show off its Lada Niva sedan and its futuristic dark-blue `` Kompakt '' model . 
He says the airline is putting its faith in the Sino-British agreement on Hong Kong 's return to China . 
Mainstream economists and commentators , craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing , swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs , claimed the end result would be a leaner , meaner corporate America , with soaring productivity and profits and the weaker gone to the wall . 
Moreover , just as vodka has acquired an upscale image in the U.S. , bourbon has become fashionable in many foreign countries , a uniquely American product tied to frontier folklore . 
As a presidential candidate in 1980 , George Bush forthrightly expressed his position on abortion in an interview with Rolling Stone magazine published that March . 
Eavesdropping -- both corporate and private -- is on the rise , thanks to the proliferation of surveillance technologies . 
Proceeds of the Adobe sale brought net income in the quarter to $ 161.1 million , or $ 1.24 a share . 
The total borrowing will be about $ 208 million , the company said . 
But some analysts say Salomon has turned the corner . 
In the year-ago quarter , net totaled $ 14.7 million , or 38 cents a share , including $ 4 million , or 10 cents a share , reflecting a tax-loss carry-forward . 
Will the adoption of this particular form of a poison pill significantly improve the chances for management to carry out this strategy ? 
MCA owns WWOR in New York and Paramount last month agreed to purchase a 79 % stake in the TVX Broadcast Group from Salomon Inc. in a deal valued at $ 140 million . 
Most of the commodity traffic was off , the company said . 
So go out there and eat that debt . 
Given such attitudes , some corporate masseurs prefer to go about their business quietly . 
In a sagging market , the Federal Reserve System `` might flood the market with funds , and that should bring interest rates down , '' says Leonard T. Anctil , vice president of the Bank of New England , Boston . 
The rebel officer 's slow and painful death , at the headquarters of Panama 's Battalion-2000 squad , was personally supervised by Gen. Noriega , says a U.S. official with access to intelligence reports . 
The ministers are to reshape NATO 's defenses in Western Europe amid fast-paced changes in the Soviet bloc . 
The would-be raider even hired an investment banker to give teeth to his takeover threat , which was widely interpreted as an effort to flush out an acquirer for USAir , or for his own stake . 
He added the airline is n't committed to going forward with any new bid , and has n't participated in bankers ' efforts to revive the transaction that collapsed . 
And , in addition to a crack team of sailors , Mr. Isler has lined up some real brass to help him finance the syndicate . 
You just call your broker and say `` buy '' or `` sell . '' 
In the short term , the move is likely to have little effect . 
WATCH FOR EARNINGS DISAPPOINTMENTS . 
Wall Street executives said they believed that Renaissance 's $ 900 million buy program was carried out by PaineWebber Inc . 
`` The computer 's mind is too straight , too primitive , '' lacking the intuition and creativity needed to reach the top , he said . 
Sam Merksamer , chief executive officer of the nationwide jewelry chain , and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker Corp. , both declined to comment . 
Nine states have introduced bills requiring that workers and customers be made aware of monitoring . 
The CFTC said it will propose the restrictions after the release of a study that shows little economic benefit resulting from dual trading and cites `` problems '' associated with the practice . 
With the fall social season well under way , name-droppers are out in force , trying to impress their betters and sometimes put down their lessers . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
Still , 20 Japanese companies , including giants such as Sanyo Industries Corp. , Matsushita Electronics Components Corp. and Sony Corp. have set up shop in the state of Northern Baja California . 
He will compensate with the guile learned from his years in the majors . 
Late in the afternoon , several big purchases by Bear , Stearns , particularly a block of 200,000 shares at 2:43 p.m. at $ 150 a share , triggered a buying spree that took UAL up more than 18 points in the final hour of trading . 
But Glenn Daily , a New York-based financial consultant , warns that many of these bonuses are `` just fantasies , '' because most are n't guaranteed by the companies . 
Their 85 total bases broke a record for a four-game set , and their nine home runs tied one . 
However , the company also lost orders because of prolonged labor talks in the second quarter . 
And you can look to the leadership and ask them why that is the perception of the American people . '' 
Such risk taking is an everyday matter for the brash Mr. Nadir , who is 25 % owner of Polly Peck as well as its chairman . 
Three were chauffeurs for J. Edgar Hoover , and two cleaned his house . '' 
TRADING VOLUME in Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures contracts on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Monday totaled 73,803 contracts . 
Starpointe Savings Bank rose 3 to 20 after the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. approved Dime Savings Bank of New York 's $ 21-a-share acquisition of Starpointe . 
Although manufacturers often are quick to call for lower interest rates , 60 % of the executives said they would prefer that the Fed keep inflation-fighting as its top priority even if that means higher rates . 
If further research proves the seed 's benefits , this dusty farm district could become the epicenter of a health-food fad to rival all fads since cod-liver oil . 
The banking company could n't be reached to comment beyond a written announcement . 
Meanwhile , Prudential , the nation 's largest insurer and the biggest investor in junk bonds , has seen the value of its junk bond portfolio drop to $ 6.5 billion from $ 7 billion since August because of falling junk prices . 
The need for consistency is especially acute for Mr. Bush , who , Mr. Sears maintains , lacks a strong ideological base . 
And Japan 's minister of agriculture , forestry and fisheries told a committee of Japan 's parliament that Washington 's proposal was impractical and that Tokyo would continue to heavily subsidize its rice farmers . 
The decision reflects the Fed 's tougher stance on enforcing the Community Reinvestment Act , a federal law passed in 1977 to help low-income residents obtain loans . 
And then there 's the case of the missing gold watch . 
Among the rules : 
Opponents of the increase argue that the IMF practices central planning while supporting ineffective governments . 
Hertz Corp. -- $ 100 million of senior notes due Nov. 1 , 2009 , priced at par to yield 9 % . 
The reason : Items with narrow appeal can be important in a market as fragmented as today 's . 
We 're told Senator Pryor is n't yet a co-sponsor , but if he and his colleagues are serious about kicking their compulsions , they 'll sign up . 
The Socialists held 184 seats going into the balloting . 
Heller Financial Inc. , an indirect subsidiary of Fuji Bank Ltd. , shelf offering of up to $ 1 billion debt securities and warrants . 
`` We can not quantify the total adverse effects of Hugo , '' said Edwin Colodny , chairman and president of USAir Group . 
New Environmentalism probably started in 1962 with the publication of Rachel Carson 's book `` Silent Spring . '' 
In over-the-counter trading , Avery shares were quoted yesterday at a bid price of 93.75 cents a share . 
`` It was extraordinarily satisfying , '' says Dr. Knudson , now at Fox Chase Cancer Research Center in Philadelphia . 
Profit also suffered because of `` intense '' discounting in its long-haul trucking business , the company said . 
There are $ 15,015,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2008 and $ 24,985,000 of 7.6 % bonds priced at par and due 2015 . 
Craig Tillery , an Alaska assistant attorney general , said in an interview last night that Exxon 's accusations `` are not new . 
Wearing a business suit and western-style hat and boots , he opened up his briefcase and dumped $ 1 million in cash on a table in front of the directors , says Myron Diebel , the bank 's president . 
Systemwide , IATA airlines carried 632 million passengers last year , 2 % more than in 1987 . 
These rules , they say , permit faster and cheaper trading in futures than in stocks , which frequently knocks the two markets out of line . 
COMPARE P\/E RATIOS WITH PROSPECTS . 
I never pay my bills Till the very last day ; I lose far less interest By proceeding that way . 
Storage Technology Corp. had net income of $ 8.3 million , or 32 cents a share , for its fiscal-third quarter ended Sept. 29 , almost 15 times the $ 557,000 , or two cents a share , it posted for the year-ago period . 
`` The level of stress for a woman is often so high , it 's the husband who says , ` I 'm worried about her , ' '' says psychologist Marjorie Hansen Shaevitz . 
The New Jersey paper , like the New Haven , Conn. , paper , was purchased by Ingersoll on Goodson 's behalf as part of the management contract . 
Money helped , too . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index surged 4.26 , or about 0.94 % , to 455.63 . 
`` We backed this bill because we thought it would help Skinner , '' one Republican said , `` and now we 're out there dangling in the wind . '' 
Mr. Pertschuk adds that the new commercial dovetails perfectly with major aspects of Philip Morris 's political strategy . 
What now ? 
Continental Bank Corp. 's third-quarter net income slipped 11 % despite a big gain from the sale of the company 's London headquarters building . 
The other half of its portfolio is expected to remain invested in Treasury bills for the time being . 
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 . 
`` We 're just recovering and getting back to business as usual . 
`` There are a lot more downward than upward revisions and it looks like people are questioning corporate profits as a means of support for stock prices , '' she says . 
Manufacturers Hanover had a loss due to a big reserve addition . 
Even claims against individuals and companies face significant roadblocks . 
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank . 
Results were also bolstered by `` a very meaningful '' increase in operating profit by Colgate 's U.S. business , Mr. Mark said . 
He was chairman and co-chief executive officer of Ladenburg , Thalmann & Co. until July , when he was named co-chairman of the investment-banking firm along with Howard L. Blum Jr. , who then became the sole chief executive . 
TransCanada transports all gas that moves eastward from Alberta . 
UAL Chairman Stephen M. Wolf , who is leading the management end of the buy-out , has n't provided investors with any assurances about the prospect of a new deal . 
A disciplined program will work the best , Mr. Boesel says . 
The notion that tracking is somehow `` undemocratic '' is absurd . 
Four more models , aimed squarely at IBM 's commercial customers , are expected to begin shipping in late June . 
Mr. Zafris thinks rates are heading down , helping small companies . 
Exxon Corp. built the plant but closed it in 1985 and sold off much of the equipment to dismantling contractors , from whom Coastal bought back much of the equipment . 
The directors signaled , however , that they would be willing to consider future offers or take some other action to maximize shareholder value , saying they would continue to explore `` all strategic and financial alternatives . '' 
The White Sands missile range and CIA contractor Mitre Inc. were among the targets . 
But he said Turner Broadcasting already has found some ideas that might work well as films for theatrical release in the U.S. . 
The club plans to show nerdy movies , such as `` Real Genius , '' in which physics whizzes pop corn with lasers ; and naturally , the `` Revenge of the Nerds , '' a tale of college males with runny noses and ill-fitting pants . 
Ford did n't say how much it might offer for Jaguar , or when . 
Sales totaled $ 1.81 billion up from $ 1.71 billion the previous year . 
`` We are now monitoring for it much more closely , '' he said . 
U.S. Memories is seeking major investors to back its attempt to crack the $ 10 billion market for dynamic random access memory chips , a market dominated by the Japanese . 
Tandy 's decision is a second setback for U.S. Memories . 
He warned that Fed efforts to conquer inflation would fail -- and could produce `` a major financial crunch '' -- unless they are accompanied by a significant reduction in the federal deficit , which causes the government to borrow heavily . 
At the low end , investors can spend $ 15,000 or more to own a racehorse in partnership with others . 
The Fed recently eased credit by lowering the bellwether federal funds interest rate to 8 3\/4 % from about 9 % . 
At least some economists , of course , would argue that inflation deserves a lot of emphasis . 
Earthquake insurance is sold as a separate policy or a specific endorsement `` rider '' on a homeowner 's policy in California , because of the area 's vulnerability to earthquakes . 
If Mr. Gates had been allowed to say these things , we would now be hearing about `` discord '' and `` disarray '' on foreign policy . 
Plugging a cheaper college into the formulas still does n't generate an installment most people can live with . 
The other meals do n't matter . '' 
But some investors and consultants who have tried it are enthusiastic . 
There was `` selling pressure from everyone , '' said one trader . 
After hitting two-year highs this summer , net sales of stock funds slowed in September , according to the Investment Company Institute , a trade group . 
And in a business system where shareholders have few rights and expect only modest dividends , companies can plow their profits back into plant and equipment . 
Obviously , it 's lost on you that about 75 % of the American people these days ( and in fact the president of the United States ) consider themselves environmentalists . 
Eastern , a unit of Texas Air Corp. , said it is examining the ruling to determine if it can appeal . 
Nissan 's risk is that its low-base-price strategy might get lost amid the highly publicized rebates being offered by Detroit 's Big Three . 
What really stirs his muse , though , is aerobic architecture . 
But the guidelines could `` make it impossible to commercialize research , '' says Kenneth Smith , associate provost and vice president for research at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
Soviet companies needing Western currencies to buy equipment and supplies abroad will be able to submit bids . 
Howard Bloom , president of the dress firm Chetta B Inc. , says : `` It 's big time chaos today . 
Buying from willing shareholders makes an unfriendly takeover impossible , Mr. Rey contends . 
Anheuser noted that `` beer industry sales volume is 1989 is following the trend that has characterized the last half of the '80s , with sales volume being essentially flat '' while consolidation creates fewer , bigger players . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it won a $ 27 million contract from Stuart-James Co. , a Denver investment banking concern , to provide voice and data telecommunications services . 
These stem from a two-year federal investigation of insider trading and securities fraud on Wall Street . 
The lower interest income occurred because Schlumberger spent $ 1.2 billion buying back its stock last year . 
PNC Financial 
It is Mr. Paul 's art venture , however , that has drawn the most attention from investors and regulators , not to mention galleries throughout the world . 
So what 's the catch ? 
Yesterday , Sen. Packwood acknowledged , `` We do n't have the votes for cloture today . '' 
`` We all did what we had to do to stay within sight of them . '' 
The treatment turned Trelleborg into one of Scandinavia 's biggest and fastest-growing industrial concerns . 
The authors make a gloomy assessment of the economy and concede that `` quick and easy paths to success simply do n't exist . '' 
But it would also encourage lenders to choose more creditworthy customers , and go a long way toward reducing defaults . 
The cross-border loan portfolio reflected `` adjustment problems and episodic payment patterns , '' the bank said no interest payments from Argentina in the nine months and none from Brazil in the third quarter , while Venezuela brought itself `` substantially current . '' 
He bangs on the piece of paper in frustration , then turns and walks away . 
According to one person present at the meeting , Eastern 's new plan is financially `` overly optimistic . '' 
Dresdner Bank said it will also buy all shares tendered by shareholders on the Paris Stock Exchange at the same price from today through Nov. 17 . 
Nissan 's market share in Japan had been dropping year by year since the beginning of the decade . 
Volume was 276.8 million shares , beneath the year 's previous low of 280.5 million shares Sept. 25 , the session before the August trade figures were released . 
One learns a lot from this book , or seems to , about crippling federal bureaucracy . 
They make the argument in letters to the agency about rule changes proposed this past summer that , among other things , would exempt many middle-management executives from reporting trades in their own companies ' shares . 
`` The risks for sterling of a bad trade figure are very heavily on the down side , '' said Chris Dillow , senior U.K. economist at Nomura Research Institute . 
The decision by a majority of state-appointed Waertsilae Marine directors Monday to file for bankruptcy was an abrupt about-face from previous government policy . 
Paul A. Herbig Indiana University Bloomington , Ind . 
The gain resulted from the sale of Grace Equipment Co. , the initial public offering of a one-sixth interest in Grace Energy Corp. and an adjustment in the carrying value of certain natural resource assets not part of Grace Energy . 
Some of it was due to lower-than-expected earnings from leading companies , he said . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
Net income at Mobil Corp. slipped 4.5 % to $ 532 million , or $ 1.30 a share , from $ 557 million , or $ 1.36 a share . 
Sales of consumer goods rose 6.9 % in the same period , while sales of intermediate goods were up 13.8 % from a year ago . 
Nightlife is plentiful . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
Without such reforms , credit programs will continue to be a large-scale , high-risk proposition for taxpayers . 
The study , which received funding from Upjohn Co. , which makes several drugs to treat stress-related illnesses , also found 47 % of the managers said stress , anxiety and depression contribute to decreased production . 
The most controversial form of program trading , stock-index arbitrage , is `` making it tough for traders to make money , '' declares Robert Antolini , head of OTC trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 130.13 , up 0.23 ; spot index 130.46 , up 0.10 . 
Two more securities firms bowed to the outcry over program trading . 
Then , last Friday , Ford 's talks about a possible alliance with Saab-Scania AB of Sweden collapsed . 
Patrician , dynamic Scott Thatcher , founder and head of PegaSys , initially finds the takeover threat risible . 
David Tagg , formerly in charge of gambling operations , was appointed chief executive for retailing and property . 
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County . 
`` If the market refocuses on earnings , we should get better valuations of growth stocks , '' says L. Keith Mullins , a growth-stock analyst at Morgan Stanley . 
CBS Sports earned $ 50 million or so last year . 
In addition , Delmed is exploring distribution arrangements with Fresenius USA , Delmed said . 
Moreover , the extensive program in effect establishes a floor for the stock price , said Joel Price , analyst for Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
Elsewhere , in an attempt to explain without stating it plainly that Baker had a large gay following later in her career when she was an overdressed singer rather than underdressed dancer , Ms. Rose writes : `` She was a female impersonator who happened to be a woman . '' 
Ms. House is vice president of Dow Jones International Group . 
But the kids with highly educated parents did 68 % less housework than those in less-educated families . 
The IRS operates on a computer system designed in 1961 , which it has been trying to modernize for years . 
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one-year maturity only . 
I wish he could wear lifts in his voice . 
It is ironic that at a time when America 's partial airline deregulation is being emulated by governments from New Zealand to Ethiopia , so many in Congress favor an incumbent-protection program for airlines that would be more appropriate for the Soviet airline , Aeroflot . 
You may be hearing more about the 38-year-old Mr. McDonough and his preoccupation with clean air . 
Colgate-Palmolive advanced 1 5\/8 to 63 after saying it was comfortable with analysts ' projections that third-quarter net income from continuing operations would be between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share , up from 69 cents a year ago . 
But massage , no matter how chaste , is still associated in many minds with seedy fronts for prostitution , and that makes some executives nervous . 
But Pfizer Inc. , based in New York , reported flat earnings . 
For all of 1988 , union contracts provided for 2.5 % wage increases in the first year and 2.4 % over the life of the contracts . 
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general-practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women . 
Now only three of the 12 judges -- Pauline Newman , Chief Judge Howard T. Markey , 68 , and Giles Rich , 85 -- have patent-law backgrounds . 
They did n't . 
Atlantis lifted Galileo from the launch pad at 12:54 p.m. EDT and released the craft from its cargo bay about six hours later . 
ERC International Inc. , which provides professional and technical services to the military , is refining its defense niche , not retreating from it . 
`` It 's going to set things back for a period , because it reinforces the concern of volatility , '' says Jeffrey B. Lane , president of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Unable to stop his accelerating descent , he crashes . 
The panel urged greater efforts to reduce the complexity , paperwork and cost of utilization review . 
Mr. Templeton 's 147,300-share purchase in the closed-end fund came before the U.S. stock market 's plunge last Friday , but still proved slightly profitable . 
Since that 1976 ruling , 37 states have reintroduced the death penalty . 
Last fall , Ford announced it would discontinue the XR4Ti in the U.S. at the end of the 1989 model year . 
It noted that last July , Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp. of Japan selected AT&T to supply $ 154 million of such equipment over a four-year period starting next year . 
In a statement , British Air Chairman Lord King said the company was `` obviously disappointed that the issue was not taken up , but it would have been unreasonable to expect a better result given the volatility of the stock market since the launch of the issue . '' 
A subsidiary of a Taiwanese holding company with world-wide sales of $ 150 million , Giant is one example of the sudden globalization of Mr. Sinyard 's once-cozy market niche . 
Program trading amounted to 12.3 % of average daily volume in June . 
Hotel-casino operators play down the possibility of a labor shortage . 
A 35-nation environmental conference opened in Sofia , Bulgaria . 
There are many other strategies to bolster the returns of index funds . 
As the story of `` Mastergate '' unfolds , we learn that the Internal Revenue Service confiscated one of the properties of a foreign financier who owes the government millions in taxes . 
Troubled SCI Television Inc. proposed to restructure much of its $ 1.3 billion in debt to buy time to sell assets and pay its obligations . 
More than 100 people were injured , and a number of workers were missing . 
When a hospital in Lexington installed a lithotripter last year , demand for a similar kidney-stone smashing machine at a Humana hospital in Louisville fell 34 % . 
After his decisive primary victory over Mayor Edward I. Koch in September , Mr. Dinkins coasted , until recently , on a quite-comfortable lead over his Republican opponent , Rudolph Giuliani , the former crime buster who has proved a something of a bust as a candidate . 
The provisions , in deficit-reduction bills recently passed by the House and Senate , could further cool the takeover boom that has been the driving force behind the bull market in stocks for much of the 1980s , some tax experts and investment bankers argue . 
That may have pleased the secretary , but H. Erich Heinemann , chief economist of the investment firm of Ladenburg , Thalmann & Co. , suggests that Mr. Brady may figure he already has all the power he needs . 
By Wednesday , frustrated Belgian brokers reopened the market by using the time-honored method of quoting stocks with chalk on a blackboard . 
Gerald F. Seib and Joe Davidson in Washington contributed to this article . 
Mr. Roberts was assistant Treasury secretary under President Reagan . 
The derivative mortgage-backed market revived after a brief hiatus as two new Remics totaling $ 850 million were offered and talk circulated about two more issues that could be priced today . 
Finally , Prince Rainier and Princess Grace saved her with the offer of a house in Monaco . 
Participants in the U.S. missions to Canada are to be assisted by members of the Service Corps of Retired Executives , a volunteer group , in dealing with their export challenges . 
Insurers struggled to to get a firm grasp on the volume of claims pouring into their offices . 
The magazine Success , however , was for years lackluster and unfocused . 
The other suit was filed by two men in a dispute over $ 100,000 investments each says he made with Mr. Peterson as part of an effort to purchase the Bank of Scottsdale in Scottsdale , Ariz . 
`` A lot of people are identifying a vote for representation as a vote against Fred Smith , '' says J.X. Gollich , a Tiger-turned-Federal pilot and union activist . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Central Fund was unchanged at $ 4.6875 a share . 
That 's a break from Compaq tradition , because the company does n't announce products until they 're actually at the dealers . 
This interest in words goes beyond puns and playfulness , however . 
They said the problems are n't safety related . 
Other retailers are also preparing for a ho-hum holiday . 
Mrs. Marcos 's trial is expected to begin in March . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Several airlines , including Lufthansa , JAL and Cathay Pacific Airways , are working on a so-called global cargo system and are trying to attract other carriers to join , Mr. Daly said . 
But other figures are surprising . 
The tenor of Mr. Stevens 's remarks seemed to indicate that British Air will take a more active , high-profile role in pursuing any new bid . 
For Mr. Jones , losing his quarterback temporarily was just the latest in a string of setbacks that has beset the Dallas Cowboys -- and , this year , much of the National Football League . 
In European trading it declined to $ 1.5890 and 2.9495 marks from $ 1.5940 and 2.9429 marks late Thursday . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was at $ 366.55 an ounce . 
But what the Senate Judiciary Committee has done in supporting the strongly worded Armenian resolution achieves no useful end ; it merely produces more controversy and embittered memories . 
But the junk recovery , led by the bellwether RJR Holdings bonds , was precarious . 
Japan 's exports of cars , trucks and buses declined 2.4 % to 535,322 units in September from a year earlier , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association said . 
Last March , this newspaper reported on widespread allegations that the company misled many customers into purchasing more credit-data services than needed . 
Mr. Tait say he does n't blame Lilly . 
Other details were n't available . 
Revenue was $ 4.75 billion , up 6 % from $ 4.49 billion . 
Commentators would fret over the implications for the G-7 coordination process and the stability of world financial markets . 
Some found it on the screen of a personal computer . 
The poverty threshold , defined as three times food expenses as calculated by the Agricultural Department , last year was $ 12,092 for a family of four . 
One son sacrifices his own career so that his avaricious brother can succeed , while another helps support the family with money siphoned from crime . 
Since the mid-1980s , Japan 's other major real estate purchases in the U.S. include Dai-Ichi Seimei America Corp. 's $ 670 million purchase of an office building at 153 East 53rd St. in Manhattan in 1987 and Mitsui Fudosan Inc. 's $ 610 million purchase of the Exxon Building , part of Rockefeller Center , in 1986 . 
I 'm talking about landing in a canal . 
So she has agreed to forgo monetary damages against Mr. Alexander 's client in return for the right to punch the attorney . 
S.A. Brewing Holdings Ltd. began laying the groundwork to launch a rival offer for Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. 's Australian brewing operations . 
If whites want to play there by themselves , says consulting engineer Willem van Heerden , whites should also build it by themselves . 
He also said that the price wars flaring up in parts of the computer industry will continue through next year . 
Unlike most loans to China , there was no Chinese guarantor . 
Last year a gunner shot a whooper by mistake thinking that it was a snow goose . 
`` Nothing has changed fundamentally in the Tokyo market . '' 
The debt consists of $ 50 million of 13 3\/8 % subordinated notes due 1998 , and $ 25 million of 9 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2012 . 
In the first hour of trading , about one million shares a minute changed hands on the Big Board as big stock-index arbitrage sell programs pushed prices lower . 
In its last fiscal year , Nissan 's profit represented just 2.3 % of sales , compared with 4.3 % at Toyota . 
True , when you went to college , there was n't that much to learn . 
Assistant U.S. Attorney Terry Hart of Dallas says the government will oppose any efforts to bring in a new defense team because it would delay a retrial . 
Foothills ' main rival to build a Mackenzie Delta pipeline is likely to be TransCanada PipeLines . 
Mr. Paul , for his part , defends the Rubens price , saying a lot of the experts have never seen the thing itself . 
A shortage of young cattle has made them more expensive for feedlot operators to buy . 
There 's a beautiful , Coplandesque motif -- he 'd kill me if he heard me say that -- throughout the first movement ... 
In early trading in Tokyo Tuesday , the Nikkei index rose 1.08 points to 35586.60 . 
( The legislation is similar to a 1987 `` beeper bill '' that was defeated after heavy lobbying by the telemarketing industry . ) 
In Armonk , N.Y. , a spokesman said that although IBM did n't view its spending as necessarily a way to support the stock , it thought the purchases were a good way to improve such financial measurements as per-share earnings and return on equity . 
The margin of error for subgroups -- for example , married women with children at home -- would be larger . 
This growth sector , which usually carries a price\/earnings multiple about twice that of the Standard & Poor 's 500 , happens to include some of the market 's most attractive bargains right now . 
Cadbury Schweppes Australia Ltd. has held the Australian Pepsi franchise for the past four years . 
Asarco said it plans to shut down or sell its Rapatee coal mine and will end its involvement in southern Illinois strip mining . 
That 's not all . 
Some conservatives will accuse the president of promising Congress too much . 
This maker of electronic measuring devices named two new directors , increasing board membership to nine . 
Shoney 's Inc. said it will report a write-off of $ 2.5 million , or seven cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended yesterday . 
Sales eased 0.2 % to $ 8.88 billion from $ 8.90 billion . 
Maxwell 's sale of its U.S. printing unit was expected , the last major business to be disposed of in a major reshuffling of assets . 
Plaintiffs , he says , will argue that damaged structures were n't built to proper design standards . 
Soybean and corn futures prices moved higher on the strength of buying from commodity pool managers trying to profit from technical price trends , as well as continued export strength . 
The individual voter 's standing consequently will be enhanced through lower taxes . 
The incentives boosted sales for a while , but the pace had cooled by last month . 
But increased reliance on nuclear power would meet stiff opposition from environmentalists , a second ministry official said . 
To provide for the restructuring 's costs , Trinova said it took an after-tax charge of $ 38.5 million , or $ 1.13 a share , in the third quarter . 
Fill-Or-Kill Order : The fill-or-kill order is one of several associated with the timing of trades . 
General Electric Pension took control of the 85-title library last month after Color Systems defaulted on the loan . 
Alfred Sikes , the new FCC chairman , championed deregulation of AT&T at his last job as head of a Commerce Department telecommunications agency . 
However , Mr. Moran added that the Japanese generally have a positive view of the U.S. bond market because of expectations that the dollar will remain strong and interest rates will decline . 
This trader characterized the recent price action as a contest between the fundamentalists , who see higher prices ahead , and the technicians , who are basically buying cotton toward the bottom of the current trading range , around 71 cents , and selling it when the price climbs more than 74 cents . 
I suppose sooner or later , the Japanese would have to fill up a large part of the gap on the naval side . 
AEG and Siemens each will hold a 50 % stake in the venture . 
Plaintiffs ' lawyers say that buildings become `` sick '' when inadequate fresh air and poor ventilation systems lead pollutants to build up inside . 
Blue-chip advertisers have plenty of complaints about the magazines they advertise in , ranging from inadequate consumer research to ad `` clutter '' and a seemingly unchecked proliferation of special interest magazines . 
THE R.H. MACY & CO . department-store chain is n't for sale . 
But knowing that mechanics would probably ground him for repairs , Mr. Brown skipped his stop in nearby Chicago and set course to get his load -- a few hundred parcels -- to the Memphis package-sorting hub on time . 
Union Camp Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 250 million of debt securities . 
Increasingly , the financial markets are reflecting the gloom . 
The economy 's stutter steps leave investors wondering whether things are slowing down or speeding up . 
The producer and marketer of low-sulfur coal said net income for the quarter was $ 5.9 million , or 71 cents a share , on revenue of $ 145.4 million . 
For the past decade , NEC Corp. has owned more than half the Japanese PC market and ruled it with near-monopoly power . 
Chevrolet already is offering an $ 800 rebate on the 1990-model Corsica . 
Immune Response Corp. -- Three million common shares , via Merrill Lynch . 
More than ever , his pro-consumer and pro-environment record is in sync with the state . 
Today , there are 77 units , all located in shopping malls . 
Mayor Agnos 's $ 2 billion estimate does n't include damage to freeway arteries leading into the city , some of which remained closed . 
It announced a 52 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year . 
Adolph Coors Co. said its Coors Brewing Co. unit will test market a new line of bottled water in the West beginning early next year . 
But although Japanese companies increased their U.S. auto output by 42 % from January to September compared with the year-earlier period , their exports to the U.S. will drop only 9 % this year , Nikko Research Center estimates . 
But several analysts and Japanese scientists familiar with the study , which was announced at a conference in Nagoya yesterday , expressed skepticism over the significance of the results . 
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 's Jacobs International unit was selected to design and build a microcomputer-systems manufacturing plant in County Kildare , Ireland , for Intel Corp . 
The going rate for a small personal computer that costs about $ 2,000 in the West is anywhere from 50,000 to 100,000 rubles . 
Now , I revel in the freedom , culture , activity and diversity of this great metropolitan area with its traffic jams and perpetual road-building projects . 
Eventually , Mr. Stoll was invited to both the CIA and NSA to brief high-ranking officers on computer theft . 
At that price , CBS was the only player at the table when negotiations with the International Olympic Committee started in Toronto Aug. 23 . 
`` Government continues to inhibit the productivity of our citizenry and the international competitiveness of American business , '' the vice president declared when he was head of the task force . 
Mr. Grobstein had been a vice chairman of Ernst & Whinney , an accounting firm that merged with rival Arthur Young in July to form Ernst & Young , a major accounting , tax and management consulting firm . 
The use of 900 toll numbers has been expanding rapidly in recent years . 
Lance Zipper , head of over-the-counter trading at Kidder Peabody , said it is difficult to make predictions based on yesterday 's trading volume . 
Nevertheless , Rep. Gerry Studds of Massachusetts was handily re-elected because of the candor with which he handled revelations that he had sex with a male congressional page in 1983 . 
Weighing 6.7 pounds with battery , the notebook measures 8.2 by 11.7 inches , has a 20-megabyte hard disk drive and boasts a backlit screen that is 22 % larger than Compaq 's . 
The firm has made 17 previous shifts from one type of asset to another in its 10-year history . 
The center improves the community image to outsiders as well , and may help to arrest , or even reverse , the exodus of capital and investment . 
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. approved the assumption of Century 's deposits and fully secured liabilities by a newly chartered subsidiary of Valley Capital Corp. , Las Vegas . 
`` We were following the trend of our competitors who were under pressure from institutions , '' he said . 
Small businesses say a recent trend is like a dream come true : more-affordable rates for employee-health insurance , initially at least . 
We understand that the trust is ultimately going to need to sell some of our shares , '' he says . 
That is the greatest share reported for any year since 1950 , although changing definitions over the years distort the comparison . 
Of like , though lesser , note , Secretary of State James Baker put the administration four-square behind perestroika and glasnost , and therefore behind Mikhail Gorbachev , in a pair of carefully reasoned speeches over the past week or so . 
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST said it will resume dividend payments with a 12-cent-a-share dividend to be paid Nov. 6 to shares of record Oct. 25 . 
In a separate matter , the Justice Department yesterday said Boeing agreed to pay the government $ 11 million to settle claims that the company provided inaccurate cost information to the Air Force while negotiating contracts to replace the aluminum skins on the KC-135 tanker aircraft . 
What 's more , he believes seasonal swings in the auto industry this year are n't occurring at the same time as in the past , because of production and pricing differences that are curbing the accuracy of seasonal adjustments built into the employment data . 
Buy-out offers for Maidenform are n't infrequent , says Executive Vice President David C. Masket , but they are n't taken very seriously . 
`` We did n't look at it and say , ` Oh my God , something is going to happen , ' '' said Stanley Uhr , vice president and corporate counsel . 
Mr. Pearce says law firms with the best chance of retaining or winning business with GM will be those providing the highest-quality service at the best cost -- echoing similar directives from GM 's auto operations to suppliers . 
Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits . 
General Dynamics Services Co. , a unit of General Dynamics Corp. , won a $ 48.2 million Army contract to establish maintenance facilities for tracked vehicles in Pakistan . 
But that means paying the horse 's maintenance ; on average , it costs $ 25,000 a year to raise a horse . 
Prior to 1932 , the pattern was nearly the opposite . 
During the past 15 years , the report showed , housing prices increased nearly fivefold . 
Federal 's employees work long hours and seem to thrive on the stress of racing the clock . 
Reflecting the new-found interest , more than 140 U.S. companies are taking part in a Moscow exhibition organized by Mr. Forrester 's trade group . 
`` It 's all I think about or talk about . '' 
Most were obtained with huge inputs of church money from South Korea and Japan , minimum cash downpayments and sizable mortgages . 
Ashland also took a $ 25 million after-tax charge to cover anticipated costs to correct problems with boilers built by one of its subsidiaries . 
The U.S. has charged that the Marcoses ' alleged crimes involved bank accounts in the Philippines , Hong Kong , the U.S. and other countries . 
Ed Shea and Barbara Orson never find a real reason for their love affair as the foolish , idealistic young Vass and the tirelessly humanitarian doctor Maria Lvovna . 
Back when the Burgess fauna were flourishing , it seems , human evolutionary hopes hung on the survival of a little worm with a backbone called Pikaia . 
Frankfurt prices closed sharply lower in thin dealings , hurt by the roller-coaster session on Wall Street Tuesday and worries about wage demands by the largest West German trade union . 
Now some investment analysts insist that the economic climate has turned cold and gloomy , and they are urging clients to buy bonds before the rally begins . 
But Beijing wants to use the base for the People 's Liberation Army after 1997 , when the territory returns to Chinese sovereignty . 
`` People in this business have been insulated , '' says Josh Pons , a horse breeder from Bel Air , Md . 
Intelogic was spun off from Datapoint four years ago , shortly after Mr. Edelman took control of Datapoint . 
Rumors of Soviet interest also pushed up the prices of soybean futures contracts . 
Since his arrival in May , Mr. Eidsmo has put in place techniques learned while working for Citicorp , such as management-by-objective , detailed project plans and forecasts of company sales and product trends . 
To date , says Emil Jachmann , a Dictaphone vice president , it has `` broken even or shown a small loss . '' 
On Thursday , the Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the first section , which gained 0.24 point Wednesday , was up 22.78 , or 0.86 % , at 2665.66 . 
Third-quarter sales of the Indianapolis , Ind. , company rose 11 % to $ 1.045 billion from $ 940.6 million . 
It 's the same phenomenon used in the new MRI ( magnetic resonance imaging ) scanners being used in hospitals in place of X-ray scans . 
The beta of the broad market , typically defined as the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , is always 1.0 . 
A bill giving the Transportation Department the power to block airline leveraged buy-outs cleared a House panel . 
The 62-year-old Mr. Dinkins , an ex-Marine , has served as the city clerk and as Manhattan borough president , a job with limited executive responsibilities 
In late Friday afternoon New York trading , the dollar was at 1.8300 marks and 141.65 yen , off from late Thursday 's 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen . 
`` Sell stocks that are n't doing well now , and that do n't have good earnings prospects , '' says Alfred Goldman , technical analyst at St. Louis-based A.G. Edwards & Sons . 
The plan thus places a large new affirmative-action program , based on `` socioeconomic disadvantage , '' on top of the existing program based on race . 
Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs , but would be subject to tax though no penalty . 
Short interest on the New York Stock Exchange declined for the second consecutive month , this time 4.2 % , while the American Stock Exchange reported its third consecutive record month of short interest . 
While the third-quarter earnings were a `` moderate disappointment , '' he said , `` the real bad news is the intensity of price competition '' in the premium-beer sector . 
To focus on its global consumer-products business , Colgate sold its Kendall health-care business in 1988 . 
But the meat-processing machines he picked up are 50 years old . 
Blair Entertainment , a New York firm that advises TV stations and sells ads for them , has just formed a subsidiary -- 900 Blair -- to apply the technology to television . 
The climate was right for the new FASB . 
Mr. Regan warned mayoral candidates `` to be prepared for limited options and constraints on service increases to address the city 's problems in the next few years , due to the now-evident weakening in the New York City economy . '' 
Both companies declined to comment on the rumors , but several industry analysts told the Professional Investor Report they believed it was plausible that Pennzoil may be buying Chevron shares as a prelude to pushing for a restructuring of the company . 
The principles would give the Environmental Protection Agency increased authority and flexibility in regulating pesticides , with the aim of enabling the agency to move more quickly . 
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material . 
Within the same nine months , News Corp. closed down In Fashion , a once-promising young woman 's fashion magazine , Drake Publications Inc. has folded the long-troubled Venture magazine , and Lang Communications has announced Ms. magazine , after 17 years , will no longer carry advertising as of January . 
The Rev. Alphonsus Trabold , a theology professor and exorcism expert at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , N.Y. , frequently is asked to exorcise unruly spirits , and he often obliges . 
It now will be played mostly for the record , and should be wrapped up as quickly as possible , without `` off '' days . 
They believe the media , including `` Batibot , '' have played a crucial role . 
`` And we are looking for the most cost-effective way to clean up the air . '' 
Fewer people said they were working up a sweat with such activities as jogging , tennis , swimming and aerobics . 
Commercials will highlight heart-rending scenes of Texas and chest-swelling , ain't-it-great-to-be-a-Texan music . 
The August deficit and the # 2.2 billion gap registered in July are topped only by the # 2.3 billion deficit of October 1988 . 
Compared with its previous quarter , the final period of its 1989 fiscal year , net rose 9 % , and sales rose 7 % . 
Pretax profit rose to # 93.2 million ( $ 146.8 million ) from # 80.6 million ( $ 127 million ) , matching analysts ' expectations , which ranged from # 90 million to # 95 million . 
The five-year issue was priced at a spread of 43 basis points above the Treasury 's comparable note . 
A shareholders ' accord would provide the first restitution to thousands of individuals and institutions claiming losses as a result of insider trading by Boesky & Co. , once the largest arbitrage fund in the U.S. . 
Royal withdrew its offer to buy Realist , a maker of optical and electronic products based in Menomonee Falls , Wis. , for $ 14.06 a share in July after Realist disclosed the Ammann purchase . 
Early in his political career , as a city councilman in San Antonio , he walked out of a meeting when political supporters asked that the police chief be replaced , denouncing the closed-door affair publicly as a `` bat-roost meeting . '' 
Under Mr. Gorbachev , Mr. Goode said , the Soviets are openly stealing Western corporate communications . 
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Flexible Portfolio Funds 
The success of `` Batibot '' stands in marked contrast to many academic and government attempts to promote Filipino as a national language . 
`` It was scary to people thinking that they could n't get their trades off . '' 
Two junk bond issues were priced yesterday , including a scaled-backed offering by Beatrice Co . 
But CBOE and Amex officials said that Options Clearing Corp. contributed $ 20 million to the guarantee , the CBOE put up $ 8 million , the Amex added $ 4 million and $ 18 million came from Mr. Fossett 's own assets . 
( So long as you do n't look down . ) 
The proposal split the industry in two , along the lines of national origin : North Koreans oppose the plan while South Koreans , Japanese and Taiwanese accept it or are neutral . 
The prolonged price pressures are driving a wedge between some franchisers and their franchisees . 
Samuel Hall , Howard University 's placement director , also does n't see it . 
Only one thing is certain here : Pysllium is likely to remain solely an export item from Sidhpur for a long time . 
The Pacific exchange has options for 129 underlying stock issues , including highly active Hilton Hotels Corp. , which is listed on the Big Board . 
A Western Union spokesman , citing adverse developments in the market for high-yield `` junk '' bonds , declined to say what alternatives are under consideration . 
The breezes are soft , the waves lap gently and the palm trees sway lazily . 
At GMAC , net dropped 3.1 % to $ 234.5 million from $ 241.9 million . 
An S&P rating of double-A-plus has already been confirmed . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Hutchinson predicted that 1989 would be `` solidly profitable '' for Westmoreland and that 1990 would bring `` more of the same . '' 
The picture , to be made in the Central American country of San Elvador , is a cover for sending $ 800 million of arms to Los Otros , the rebel group attempting to regain neighboring Ambigua , which has been taken over by the leftist dictator Dr. Overtega , a former podiatrist , who leads a revolutionary band of foot soldiers . 
Perhaps the biggest of those factors is its high ad prices -- $ 130,000 for a four-color page , vs. $ 47,000 for the Smithsonian , a comparable publication with a far smaller circulation . 
Total operating profit fell 3.1 % to 486.1 billion yen from 501.61 billion yen . 
Republican Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania engaged the nominee in a verbal contest aimed at showing that Mr. Bork was willing to stretch the Constitution in one area ( free speech ) while remaining rigid in all the others . 
One of the two British companies still making hard toilet paper stopped production of it . 
But everyone agrees that Mr. Gorbachev 's problems result from the failure of his own system . 
Still , caution is advisable . 
`` We all like stress , but there 's a limit , '' says Paul D'Arcy , of Rohrer , Hibler & Replogle , a corporate psychology and management consulting firm . 
`` Global warming means higher tides which will lower Venice by another 23 inches in the next 100 years , '' Giovanni Cecconi of the the New Venice Consortium said . 
Personal spending , which fueled the economy 's growth in the third quarter , was clearly slowing by the end of the period , raising questions about the economy 's strength as the year ends . 
Mr. Sung formerly worked at General Electric in research on synthetic diamonds . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
The Tower Commission specifically said that the NSC staff should be `` small '' and warned against letting `` energetic self-starters '' like Lt. Col. Oliver North strike out on their own rather than leaving the day-to-day execution of policies to the State Department , Pentagon or Central Intelligence Agency . 
The AFL-CIO , which previously opposed the administration 's subminimum idea , said the compromise has `` adequate safeguards , so the youth are not exploited and older workers are not displaced . '' 
Net was aided by a lower income tax rate . 
`` An unknown quantity to most of the art world , Paul is no stranger to lavish spending , '' the magazine said , noting that he does n't stop at paint on canvas but also spends big on art you can eat . 
SKF said sales increased 17 % to 18.46 billion kronor from 15.72 billion . 
Eagle also said it received a commitment for as much as $ 8 million in financing from Norfolk Capital Group Inc . 
The harvest delays , however , are expected to be temporary . 
Last year , 25 % of the 10 million bicycles sold in the U.S. were mountain bikes . 
`` It does establish a very clear precedent for suing the FHLBB where there was none before . '' 
Although some HDTV advocates are calling for other forms of aid , such as antitrust relief for research consortia , the small firms simply would prefer more DARPA funds . 
Critics of the plan , including the town of Braintree , say the incinerator is a health hazard . 
The result `` will ultimately be a very different group in size and structure , '' Bond Corp. directors said in a statement . 
Because the law made compliance voluntary , it inspired little more than jokes . 
Just five months after Ogilvy Group was swallowed up in an unsolicited takeover , Kenneth Roman , Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , said he is leaving to take a top post at American Express Co . 
But Mr. Corr 's tenure was shorter than most . 
Bond Corp. signaled it will focus on building its domestic and international media and communications businesses . 
So far this year , rising demand for OPEC oil and production restraint by some members have kept prices firm despite rampant cheating by others . 
An ebullient Mr. Johnson , wearing a NASA baseball cap and carrying a camera and binoculars , called the launch `` fantastic . '' 
The amount is equal to about 30 years earnings for the average peasant , who makes $ 145 a year ... . 
Analysts said they expect McCaw to escalate the bidding again . 
Operating profit for world-wide tobacco products rose 10 % to $ 247.6 million . 
But even though NATO negotiators have only 10 months left under the Bush timetable , they are still wrestling over such seemingly fundamental questions as `` What is a tank ? '' 
Meanwhile , overall evidence on the economy remains fairly clouded . 
Mr. Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1 , soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 . 
As the campaign hits the home stretch , however , voters still have very little idea what they can expect from him . 
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
Dataproducts Inc. said it filed a lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court to block a tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners , alleging that the hostile offer violates a standstill agreement between the two concerns . 
Mr. Trump never obtained financing for his bid . 
He found that monetary crime losses , as a proportion of gross receipts , were 37 times higher for small businesses than for large ones . 
Should the green light Judges Alarcon and Hall have given to the fabrication of quotations become standard practice , it will notably reduce the value of journalism for historians -- and for citizens . 
Next to medical insurance , `` costs of compliance '' are the fastest-growing expense at Impco Inc. , a Providence , R.I. , chemical company . 
The benchmark 11 3\/4 % Treasury bond due 2003\/2007 rose 1\/8 to 111 21\/32 to yield 10.11 % , while the 12 % issue of 1995 rose 3\/32 to 103 23\/32 to yield 11.01 % . 
His speech criticized the `` idiocy of notions of protected groups in society '' as opposed to individual equality or , as he put it , in `` a common destiny as Americans . '' 
Tymnet is a major network linking computers . 
Ms. Rose , who teaches literature at Wesleyan University , quickly proceeds to overemphasize , claiming that Baker 's dancing `` had uncovered a new region for desire '' and thereby ignoring centuries of tributes to the callipygous . 
One of Ronald Reagan 's attributes as President was that he rarely gave his blessing to the claptrap that passes for `` consensus '' in various international institutions . 
In early trading in Tokyo Friday , the Nikkei index rose 170.65 points , to 35544.87 . 
Sierra Tucson , an initial public offering , made the most active list . 
While the incidents involving interest-rate options and forward-rate agreements are unrelated , some observers say they echo a 1987 incident in which Bankers Trust New York Corp. restated the value of its foreign exchange options contracts downward by about $ 80 million . 
Assets of these and other short-term funds surged more than $ 5 billion in September , the institute said . 
Let us look for a moment at another type of non-violent civil disobedience that only harms other people indirectly , yet does irreparable damage to the nation as a whole . 
Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman . 
Maidenform generated such memorable campaigns as `` I dreamed I ... in my Maidenform bra , '' and `` The Maidenform woman . 
Explains a Sotheby 's spokeswoman , the statement `` means exactly what it says . 
`` One of the three major markets in the world is getting chewed up pretty bad . '' 
Now that 's name-dropping , if you know what I mean . 
The timing was perfect . 
Judge Leval reluctantly concluded that a few of Mr. Miller 's quotations from Mr. Hubbard 's unpublished writings , because they were not necessary to prove historical points , failed the fair-use test and therefore infringed copyright . 
CHICAGO LAW FIRM recruits American Express Co. vice president : 
So far , about 150 Orange Workers have moved here , spending nearly $ 1 million buying up property over the past three years . 
Mr. Giuliani is finding that Mr. Dinkins , in his many years in public life , has built up considerable good will that so far has led many voters to overlook certain failings . 
According to Fred Demler , metals economist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , New York , `` Highland Valley has already started operating and Cananea is expected to do so soon . '' 
While advertisers have long appealed to Texans ' state pride and prejudices , the latest trend has been sparked , in part , by the state 's recent hard economic times . 
It is difficult , if not impossible , for anyone who has not pored over the thousands of pages of court pleadings and transcripts to have a worthwhile opinion on the underlying merits of the controversy . 
Arguably , both were on notice that their behavior was at least risky . 
At that point , he said , Qintex Australia stated it would `` endeavor to arrange '' the financing . 
However risky the business , it 's brisk these days . 
I do n't know how much got through . 
He wants to recover more than just his property , though . 
Concord is a camera and photographic products company . 
HE RODE HIS HOBBY , but he could n't milk it , the Tax Court says . 
In the first quarter of 1988 , the company earned $ 10 million , or 94 cents a share . 
The operating chief 's post is new . 
Kinder-Care Learning Centers added 1\/4 to 4 7\/8 on 461,200 shares . 
In a related move , Pierre Lortie , chairman and chief executive , resigned . 
The level of negative sentiment measured by the Big Board short interest ratio slipped to 3.36 from last month 's 3.38 . 
It could easily be two years before the well-traveled artery that helps connect Oakland with San Francisco is reopened , and the cost to build a new stretch of highway could soar to more than $ 250 million , said Charles J. O'Connell , deputy district director in Los Angeles of the California Department of Transportation , nicknamed Caltrans . 
Following Mr. Linh 's appointment as secretary-general of the party at the sixth congress , Mrs. Thi has become the darling of `` doi moi '' , the Vietnamese version of perestroika . 
When it comes to buying and selling shares , Westridge Capital Management Inc. takes a back seat to no one . 
While he did n't describe the partnerships ' financial condition , he said their operations `` continue to drain the resources of Equitec . '' 
Neither the Amoco agreement nor the wells existed , the suit alleged . 
Notes offered at a fixed level of 99.75 . 
The now-standard price of $ 1 a share came about by accident . 
`` Get caught and you 're dead in the water , '' says Mr. Thal . 
The highest-rated show continues to be ABC 's `` Roseanne . '' 
Texas Instruments Inc. , once a pioneer in portable computer technology , today will make a bid to reassert itself in that business by unveiling three small personal computers . 
If the whole market thinks what you 're doing is crazy you do n't have much competition . '' 
With Garpian randomness , a hotel across the street , the Amfac , had been hit harder : A large sheet of its concrete facade and several window balconies were torn away . 
Cray jolted the market in July when it slashed revenue and earnings projections for this year , citing a slowing economy that has delayed orders from government as well as commercial customers . 
The volatility of smaller technology companies has served the group well overall in recent stock trading , according to Hambrecht & Quist 's technology stock indexes . 
Revenue rose 15 % to $ 534.3 million from $ 464.7 million . 
Another measure makes commodity brokerage firms liable for violations committed by independent floor brokers who execute trades for them . 
Now the Senate 's stripped-down bill omits any proposal to deal with the corporate tax . 
Like West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl , he represents the postwar generation that has grown up during Germany 's division . 
( `` Food manufacturer changes spelling of ` catsup ' to ` ketchup , ' saying that 's the spelling people now prefer . '' 
Similar sentiments were voiced on Capitol Hill . 
`` Why did it take Burroughs Wellcome so long to apply '' for treatment investigational new drug status ? the New York Democrat asked . 
Mr. Inouye , who chairs the select committee on Indian Affairs , used his power to move $ 400,000 from the Air Force to the Bureau of Indian Affairs to assist in renovating a decommissoned base to accommodate a drug and alcohol rehabilitation center . 
He argues California regulators historically have misinterpreted their law -- and he says negotiated sales that are n't pre-registered have been legal all along . 
It claims the Coast Guard failed to chart the rock and refuses to pay damages . 
Columbia S&L posted a quarterly loss of $ 226.3 million as the Beverly Hills thrift reeled from new industry rules and turmoil in junk bonds . 
Carol Cable , which operates 12 manufacturing plants , had operating profit of $ 11.7 million on sales of $ 153.3 million for the first six months of this year and operating profit of $ 25.6 million on sales of $ 294.6 million for all of 1988 . 
The trend drove up the aftertax margin -- net income as a percentage of revenues -- to 21.1 % in the quarter , compared with 20.7 % a year earlier . 
And the injunction Judges Miner and Altimari would so readily have granted had New Era sued in time ? 
`` We wo n't have any more of this wayward behavior , '' says Sir Peter Hordern , a backbench Tory member of Parliament . 
Meanwhile , the Duke , who set the original scheme in motion , appears on the scene disguised as a friar and becomes involved in a series of intrigues that has everyone fearing the worst possible outcome until the Duke arranges a last minute reprieve for all concerned . 
It 's estimated that one in six couples experiences infertility , and in 1987 , Americans spent about $ 1 billion to fight the problem . 
The service did n't identify its Tokyu sources . 
Northrop said sales fell because of the decline in B-2 development dollars from the government as the plane continues its initial production stage and because fewer F\/A-18 fighter sections are being produced in its subcontract work with prime contractor McDonnell Douglas Corp . 
In December , the shuttle Columbia will try to retrieve a satellite that 's been in orbit for nearly five years measuring the deleterious effects of space on materials and instruments . 
NatWest , the most actively traded of the banks , finished at 300 , up 1 . 
He added : `` How is a travel agent going to sell a holiday when he can not guarantee a return flight ? '' 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
For the portion of an investor 's portfolio that stays in stocks , professionals have a number of suggestions . 
`` And we were able to attract some new advertisers because this is something new . '' 
Although the June 4 killings in Beijing have hurt its China flights , Cathay 's other routes have retained high load factors . 
Pilferage climbed dramatically as many angry employees `` felt abandoned by the former owners , '' says the University of Florida sociologist . 
The Oakland Athletics ' four-game sweep over the San Francisco Giants in the World Series may widen already-sizable losses that the ABC network will incur on the current , final year of its baseball contract . 
The affected practices include the placing of oral orders , which is the way most public customer orders are placed , and trading between affiliated brokers , even though in some cases trading with affiliates may be the only way to obtain the best execution for a client . 
Ad industry executives were n't surprised by Mr. Roman 's decision to leave Ogilvy . 
The tough regulatory stance portends large future losses , especially at the state 's thrifts . 
While he is widely described as a man with deep convictions , he has few major political programs that he can call his own . 
( It recently cut its work force by 9 % , or 213 . ) 
With investors relieved at the overnight gain in New York stocks , small-lot buying orders streamed into the market from early morning , making traders believe the market was back to normal . 
If the investment bank can sell the securities at a higher price than it paid the issuer , it makes a profit . 
When the size of the Refcorp offering was announced last week and when-issued trading activity began , the bailout bonds were yielding about 1\/20 percentage point more than the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond . 
A minute later it soared 128 points , then zoomed back down 113 points , 69 below Friday 's close . 
Johnson & Johnson reported a 10 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 12 % sales increase - results that were driven particularly by new products including pharmaceuticals and the company 's professional operations . 
`` And the input I 've had from customers is that it still could be a while . '' 
Mr. Neff says the stock market has lost some powerful driving forces , namely earnings growth and the `` LBO sweepstakes '' -- buy-out fever that induced investors to bid up whole groups of stocks , such as media and airlines . 
The aftershocks of the highway tragedy are reverberating in Los Angeles as well , as local politicians spoke yesterday against plans to bring double-decking to Los Angeles freeways by 1994 . 
The NASD , which operates the Nasdaq computer system on which 5,200 OTC issues trade , compiles short interest data in two categories : the approximately two-thirds , and generally biggest , Nasdaq stocks that trade on the National Market System ; and the one-third , and generally smaller , Nasdaq stocks that are n't a part of the system . 
The NRC rejected Mr. Shannon 's argument that Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , which owns the largest share of Seabrook , and 11 other owners are financially unable to guarantee the plant 's safe operation . 
Mrs. Coleman , 73 , who declined to be interviewed , is the Maidenform strategist . 
The proposals go far beyond the current and rather confused policies of perestroika , Mikhail Gorbachev 's restructuring of the economy . 
But so-called outer month contracts finished higher . 
According to lawyers familiar with the settlement talks , the verbal agreement to end a lawsuit filed more than two years ago was reached last week and will soon be submitted to a federal judge in Camden , N.J . 
INMAC CORP. , Santa Clara , maker of computer accessories , annual sales of $ 250 million , OTC , said telephones were out at its headquarters but service should be restored by today . 
Save the sequester , and let Washington scream . 
Edward J. Tirello Jr. , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , speculated that the sudden dividend elimination presages an expensive agreement with thrift regulators over the company 's insolvent MeraBank savings and loan unit . 
General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. are now going head to head in the markets for shares of Jaguar PLC , as GM got early clearance from the Federal Trade Commission to boost its stake in the British luxury car maker . 
Imports rose 11 % to 18.443 trillion lire in September from a year earlier , while exports rose 17 % to 16.436 trillion lire . 
`` That 's not possible . '' 
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million . 
The departing Mr. Cathcart says he has no worries about Kidder 's future . 
The Los Angeles Red Cross sent 2,480 cots , 500 blankets , and 300 pints of Type-O blood . 
`` This is paying a big price to maintain their virility as the world 's leading insurance broker , '' said Philip Olsen , an analyst at Kitcat & Aitken , a U.K. brokerage firm . 
District police in 1983 descended on his suburban home , which he and his large family used as both residence and factory , and demanded proof the house and equipment were his . 
The telecommunications company 's results included a one-time gain of $ 4 million , or two cents a share , from the sale of Contel Credit , a leasing and financial-services subsidiary . 
In addition , USX 's giant steel segment , representing 34 % of its 1988 sales , is facing softening demand and slipping prices as well as increasing competition from foreign steelmakers and low-cost minimills . 
It owns 67 % of Telerate Inc. , a leading supplier of computerized financial information on global markets . 
Mr. Butz said the divergence in the two measures reflects changes in family size and structure , including the rising number of female-headed families and a sharp increase in income reported by Americans who are n't living in families . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. and Tandem Computers Inc. also signaled that they should recover quickly . 
The SEC 's Mr. Breeden said the after-hours trading on the Midwest exchange would help the U.S. win back business that has moved overseas to conduct after-hours trades . 
The company estimates its total debt at about $ 5.2 billion . 
`` But we certainly like what we 've seen so far . '' 
For example , while the laws on individual labor activity allow a citizen to earn a living independent of the state , strict provisions are attached on how far this may lead to the development of a free market . 
The officials said that most Japanese banks prefer the losses they 'd suffer in either of the latter options to the risk of new lending . 
Moreover , the burden of consumer credit payments relative to disposable income may be `` lower in this cycle than earlier , '' Mr. Durkin says . 
`` We did see some relief in raw material costs , but it was n't sufficient to offset the drop in sales prices , '' James R. Kuse , the company 's chairman and chief executive officer said in a statement . 
He says he used consultants in the case but `` found them to be virtually useless . '' 
Nearby Paul Craig Roberts , a distinguished supply-sider with monetarist sympathies , argues the case for Sir Alan . 
And , with many of his 70,000 workers , Mr. Smith 's damn-the-torpedoes attitude has caught on . 
The news told them it would be a while longer before UAL resumed trading like a regular airline stock after months of gyrations . 
He 's the director of the local Planned Parenthood chapter . 
Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank & Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland , the bank said . 
Mr. Windsor , among other analysts connected to the conservative Heritage Foundation , fears the gathering of 18 leaders , mostly from Central American nations , will force Mr. Bush `` to explain and redeem himself '' in the wake of charges that the U.S. failed to do enough to aid the removal of Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega . 
Mr. Trivelpiece , 58 years old , succeeds William Bolger , who died in August . 
Rewards have been suggested -- but never adopted -- for filers who come through TCMP audits without change . 
The Venice city council is battling plans to tap huge gas fields off the coast that it says will speed up the city 's slow sinking into its lagoon . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
I do n't want to feel guilty representing my constituents . 
Officials at the New York bank-holding company were n't available for comment on the debt-rating changes . 
Some analysts say Noranda would prefer to break up Falconbridge , and that the Swedes -- relatively inexperienced in international mining operations -- could have problems holding their own with a much bigger partner like Noranda operating on its home turf . 
Some pretty seamy stuff built the turn-of-the-century families ' Fifth Avenue and Newport palazzi and endowed their daughters ' weddings to foreign noblemen . 
`` Regardless of whether one supports or opposes the right to an abortion , '' Mr. Freind argues , `` it is virtually impossible for any rational human being to disagree with the concept that a woman has the right to have all of the appropriate materials and advice made available to her before she makes a decision which , one way or the other , might remain with her for the rest of her life . '' 
The stock 's decline accelerated in the past two weeks , from a price of $ 8 a share on Oct. 9 . 
Other programs and special issues will be based on themes of health , jobs , personal finance , the best colleges , and investments . 
About 900,000 units will continue to be publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange , Enserch said . 
The pitch sailed toward Bobby Thomson high and inside and then , with a crack of the bat , was sent rocketing back into the lower leftfield stands . 
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen . 
When his secretary is found floating dead in the pol 's pool , Mancuso is called in to investigate . 
Serial bonds were priced at par to yield to 6.90 % in 2000 . 
California legislators , searching for ways to pay for the $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion in damages from last week 's earthquake , are laying the groundwork for a temporary increase in the state 's sales tax . 
Attacks on inflation come with another strategy of capital of a very traditional sort : an assault on wages . 
This summer , the industry introduced a `` kids fly free '' program , in which children were allowed to fly free if they were traveling with an adult . 
The Lloyd 's market actively underwrites insurance just 4 1\/2 hours a day , brokers say . 
Guinness 's Schenley Industries unit has increased its TV advertising in Japan and has built partnerships with duty-free shops throughout Asia , enabling it to install prominent counter displays . 
Moreover , Individual Inc. 's computers can weigh the value of an article based on how closely the story matches the subscriber 's interest area . 
Looking to the past can provide some clues . 
A federal judge in Manhattan threw out the indictment , finding that the seven-year delay violated the defendant 's constitutional right to a speedy trial . 
`` We have too many people in our home offices , '' says Yoshio Hatakeyama , the president of the Japan Management Association . 
I suspect I may be one of the few people to have read them all . 
Many Atlantans thought Pittsburgh was an unworthy heir . 
Stanislav Ovcharenko , who represents the Soviet airline Aeroflot here , has some visions that are wild even by the current standards of perestroika . 
In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange , UAL closed at $ 168.50 a share , down $ 21.625 . 
First Interstate stock closed at $ 57.625 , down 25 cents , in composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange . 
DALLAS AND HOUSTON law firms merge : Jackson & Walker , a 130-lawyer firm in Dallas and Datson & Scofield , a 70-lawyer firm in Houston said they have agreed in principle to merge . 
The Roper Organization , which conducted the survey , said almost half of the exercise equipment owners found it duller than they expected . 
Harmonia Bancorp Inc. -- 4,750,000 common shares , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The fact that stock pickers have bested a randomly selected portfolio in eight of 12 months has no bearing on the efficient-market theory . 
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 . 
Officials familiar with the bank talks said the UAL buy-out group -- UAL pilots , management , and British Airways PLC -- is now willing to pay higher bank fees and interest , but is n't likely to boost its $ 965 million equity contribution . 
Experts estimate the first sets of HDTVs wo n't be available for another five to 10 years , and will probably retail for more than $ 3,000 each in today 's dollars . 
It 's an inherited human disorder that 's been duplicated in mice . 
BankAmerica 's total loans rose 8 % to $ 71.36 billion . 
Part of a Series } 
Whitbread already has been approached by `` about half a dozen '' companies interested in buying all or part of the spirits business , a spokesman said . 
According to Mr. Laband , `` screaming '' for price controls occurs when income redistribution `` threatens to hit home . '' 
Ms. McCraw says she wants the campaign to help attract advertisers in 10 categories , including corporate , financial services , consumer electronics , insurance and food . 
But those who said `` This ca n't be happening '' were right . 
While IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , makes the bulk of the DRAMs it uses , it does n't make the equipment needed to produce those chips . 
The close was the highest since August 3 . 
Regarding your Oct. 4 page-one article `` Bad Blood '' on the generic-drug battle : The Epilepsy Institute is not just a patient-advocacy organization . 
If a customer asks for stories about `` IBM , '' the computer will also supply stories that mention `` I.B.M. , International Business Machines , or Big Blue , '' Mr. Amram says . 
In derivative markets , Fannie Mae issued two $ 400 million real estate mortgage investment conduits backed by its 9 % securities . 
Automatic Data Processing Inc. plans to redeem on Nov. 16 its $ 150 million of 6.5 % convertible subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2011 . 
Apogee Enterprises Inc. said profit for the third quarter ending Dec. 2 will fall below the year-earlier results because of an after-tax charge of $ 1.9 million related to a project that was guaranteed by the company . 
Yesterday , Delmed said it `` continues to explore the possibility of a combination with Fresenius USA . '' 
Stocks rallied on good earnings reports and on data that showed less inflation than expected . 
For the 12 months ended in September , this index was up 5.1 % . 
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point . 
Yields on five-year CDs at major banks were averaging about 7.45 % , and 10-year Treasury notes were paying less than 8 % . 
Michael Applebaum resigned after less than a year in the posts . 
He was all too aware of how a large , inadequately supervised NSC staff had spun out of control and nearly wrecked President Reagan 's second term . 
The internal investigation also criticized MiniScribe 's auditors , Coopers & Lybrand , for allegedly ignoring numerous red flags . 
The bad news , however , has n't been bad enough to kill the growing demand for financial planning . 
But two big New York banks seem to have kicked those chances away , for the moment , with the embarrassing failure of Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. to deliver $ 7.2 billion in bank financing for a leveraged buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp . 
The result ? 
Citicorp and Chase are attempting to put together a new , lower bid . 
Mr. Peterson took the plaintiffs ' and other investors ' money to a meeting of the bank 's directors . 
Probably , it did n't . 
But when it became clear that rates had stabilized and that the Fed 's credit-easing policy was on hold , bond yields jumped and prices tumbled . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Mr. Gintel said Xtra `` has pursued business strategies that are n't in the best interest of stockholders . 
Interpublic 's chairman and chief executive officer , Philip Geier Jr. , made the pitches in visits to Mr. Saatchi in London , the executives said . 
By converting an expenditure or loan to a guarantee , the government can ensure the same flow of resources and reduce the current deficit . 
Commodore International Ltd. said it will report a loss for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 because sales of personal computers for the home market remained weak in some major countries . 
Midmorning , he dons an orange-and-blue uniform and , for fun , may field a bunt from Dave Kingman . 
Ford may seek all of Jaguar , setting the stage for a possible bidding war with GM . 
They confront stubborn inflation and a sagging economy , that is to say , stagflation . 
Under the new rules , the officials will have to secure additional information and reports from actuaries , including an assessment of whether officials have acted reasonably . 
Gasoline terminals were also largely unhurt , they said . 
MC SHIPPING Inc. , New York , declared an initial quarterly of 60 cents a share payable Nov. 15 to shares of record Oct. 30 . 
And although Mr. Roman and WPP 's chief executive , Martin Sorrell , have gone out of their way to be publicly supportive of each other , people close to Mr. Roman say he was unhappy giving up control of the company . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady said that Congress should grant the Securities and Exchange Commission the power to close the stock markets in periods of crisis . 
Though he also long benefited from the system built by La Quina , Mr. Guzman Cabrera says union perks had simply gotten out of hand . 
The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates represent an interest only in the specially created trust and `` do not represent interests in or obligations of the banks , Citibank N.A. , Citicorp or any affiliate thereof . '' 
Another analyst said the Cananea return to operation may not be as near as some expect . 
Japanese put up with it because the government provided job stability and growing paychecks . 
But that development also had little effect on traders ' sentiment . 
-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline . 
The flextime may cut by almost a third the number of PG&E employees working conventional 9-5 hours , a spokesman says . 
The dollar also declined . 
Corporate efforts to control health-care costs by requiring evaluations prior to planned hospitalization and surgery have n't been sweeping enough to reduce the long-term rate of cost increases , according to a study by the Institute of Medicine . 
Allianz also holds a 50 % stake in Navigation Mixte 's insurance subsidiary , one of France 's largest insurance groups , which it bought for about 6.5 billion francs just before Paribas launched its bid . 
An official at Consolidated Freightways Inc. , a Menlo Park , Calif. , less-than-truckload carrier , said rate discounting in that industry has begun to `` stabilize . '' 
Westridge Capital is an index fund -- the type of stolid long-term investor whose goal is to be nothing more than average . 
In turmoil caused by the previous Friday 's plunge in New York stocks , the Nikkei marked a sharp 647.33-point fall Monday . 
We 're sorry to report that on Monday President Bush accepted the resignation of William Allen as chairman of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission . 
Nissan handled the die-hards in a typically Japanese fashion : They were n't fired but instead `` were neglected , '' says Kouji Hori , the personnel manager at the Nissan Technical Center . 
No wonder all kinds of big-time scams have flourished here , from phony tax-sheltered Bible sales to crooked car dealers to bogus penny-stock traders . 
In his lifetime , 47 years , the Communists brought electricity to his village and piped in drinking water from the reservoir . 
He noted that currently the ratio of available copper to consumption is about 3.5 weeks . 
The guidelines also state , `` The government 's policy is not to seek the fullest forfeiture permissible under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . '' 
Sales rose 14 % to $ 715 million from $ 625.4 million . 
Still , miners from all parts of Namibia as well as professional staff from De Beers 's head offices in South Africa and London keep coming . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
`` We 're not asking them to save up 50 proof-of-purchases . 
It has some of the highest costs in the league . 
The bonds ended about 1\/2 point higher yesterday . 
Mr. Keating raised $ 20,000 for Rep. Doug Barnard 's 1986 re-election campaign while the Georgia Democrat was taking his side against regulators who wanted to curb risky investments and wholesale deposit brokering . 
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said . 
And despite the recent tough advertising climate , industry figures released at the meeting here indicate things may be turning around . 
Arbitragers were n't the only big losers in the collapse of UAL Corp. stock . 
The rig was built around 1980 , but has drilled only two wells , the last in 1982 . 
`` It 's one of the best in the business , '' says Salomon Brothers analyst Stephen Dobi . 
Airlines in 1989 `` came in like a bang and are going out like a whimper , '' said Kevin Murphy , an airline analyst at Morgan Stanley & Co . 
`` The pro-choice movement has shown -- finally -- that it can mobilize , '' says Glen Halva-Neubauer , a Furman University political scientist who specializes in how state legislators handle the abortion question . 
Security Pacific Corp. has set its sights on buying its second bank holding company this year . 
`` There are no commercials to make up for since we 're going to eventually broadcast the World Series , '' said a network spokesman . 
Hotel expansion and an influx of more-discriminating tourists have hurt motels . 
The overall London market , following Wall Street 's early nosedive , took a late beating . 
The agreement also provides for potential payments of additional proceeds to National Aluminum over the next two years , depending on the plant 's shipping levels . 
Commercial customers can purchase the same system through Businessland Inc. , a computer retailer based in San Jose , Calif. , for roughly $ 3,000 more . 
The spokeswoman said the Frankfurt situation was `` totally different '' from problems in the interest-rate options unit . 
He said that when he was on the board he felt that he had a great deal of power and , somehow , he did n't think that was a good thing . 
Mr. Jobs , co-founder of Apple Computer Inc. , founded Next four years ago in the hopes of fomenting a revolution in the way desktop computers are designed and used . 
Yesterday , Mr. Blum , 41 , said he was n't aware of plans at Ladenburg to name a co-chairman to succeed Mr. Koenig and said the board would need to approve any appointments or title changes . 
September program trading amounted to 13.8 % of average daily New York Stock Exchange volume of 151.8 million shares , the largest percentage since the exchange began making such figures public in July 1988 . 
And Chase will have to spend approximately $ 50 million to remove asbestos from the premises . 
Mr. Florio 's forcefulness on the abortion issue after the Webster ruling divides some of his old constituency . 
Meanwhile , SCI TV can barely pay its cash interest bill , and to stay out of bankruptcy court it must soon reschedule a lot of bank loans and junk bonds that have fallen due . 
Stunned , Mr. Breeden turned to his market-monitoring computer , which by then was next to his desk . 
For the paper industry specifically , most analysts said the deal will spur a wave of paper-company takeovers , possibly involving such companies as Union Camp Corp. , Federal Paperboard Co. and Mead Corp . 
They root among the designer offerings at Neiman-Marcus and Bullocks Wilshire . 
All but two of the 40 or so lawsuits that have been filed since the project 's 1984 approval have been dismissed before the trial stage . 
Mr. Kalmus said that by next July they would have accrued unpaid interest equal to $ 350 million . 
Already this year , it has received orders for four 150-megawatt advanced combustion turbines from Florida Power & Light Co. and for two 300-megawatt plants from Intercontinental Energy Corp. , among others . 
Canadian production of market pulp rose 1 % in September from a year earlier as the industry operated at 87 % of capacity . 
The initial fireball was caught by cameras in downtown Houston , about 10 miles away . 
`` There is n't a boatload { of big investors } out there still waiting to get into indexing , '' says P. James Kartalia , vice president of ANB Investment Management Co. , Chicago , which offers both indexing and active management services . 
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell-off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around . 
The man who wore out his shoes wandering around Guadalajara in 1958 , describing in his travel book `` Viaje a la Alcarria '' how he scrounged for food and stayed in squalid inns , now tours Spain in a Rolls-Royce . 
The final rule wo n't require such a breakdown of the allowances for loan losses , which appears on the balance sheet . 
Academy Insurance fell 1\/32 to 1 3\/16 ; but volume totaled 1.2 million shares . 
`` If they do n't fill it immediately , then I can start over at a new price or try again with the same price . '' 
It also is considered critical to the country 's efforts to both attract other investment from Taiwan and raise heavy industry capabilities . 
Unilever wo n't comment ; Schering , however , denies the brand is for sale . 
Mr. Icahn may not want to sell out unless he can get a special dividend similar to one he received before selling his stake in Texaco Inc. in June -- a coup that gave him enough cash to make his USX move . 
After receiving complaints from egg producers , this branch got the other branch to rescind its approval , thus limiting the machine 's potential market to bakeries and restaurants and other establishments that are n't regulated by the USDA . 
The gain reflects fresh economic evidence that inflation is moderating while the economy slows . 
Asked whether a $ 230-a-share figure circulating in the market yesterday is too low , he said , `` It 's certainly not too low . '' 
Without P&G 's backing , Noxell might not have been able to spend the estimated $ 5 million to $ 7 million needed to accomplish that without scrimping on its existing brands . 
A man said he saw the upper rim undulate . 
British politicians divide into two groups of chickens , those with their necks cut and those screaming the sky is falling . 
Similarly , Honda Motor Co. 's sales are so brisk that workers grumble they have n't had a Saturday off in years , despite the government 's encouragement of more leisure activity . 
They can cut this to $ 691.09 a month if the investing keeps up through college . 
Never . '' 
Mr. Brady hesitantly replied that he was n't sure whether Mr. Greenspan `` made a statement himself , or whether that was a newspaper report . '' 
Stanley Aslanian , the Haas broker who agreed to carry a hidden microphone during the conversation , also has pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit securities violations in the stock manipulation and agreed to cooperate . 
Integrated senior and junior creditors are owed a total of about $ 1.8 billion . 
`` We must do more to help the Japanese here in Baja if we want them to invest elsewhere , '' says Mr. Ruffo , the governor-elect of the National Action Party and himself a succesful businessman . 
However , the Fed limited the revenue that banks could earn from these new underwriting activities to no more than 10 % of the revenue earned from other securities activities long open to banks , such as dealing in U.S. Treasurys . 
Mr. Franco , 47 years old , said in a telephone interview that he has been considering and discussing a number of possible business ventures , but that `` nothing is at a mature stage . '' 
The earthquake 's toll , including possible deep structural damage , goes far beyond the more easily observed damage from a hurricane , says George Reider , a vice president in Aetna Life & Casualty Insurance Co. 's claims division . 
But the continuing pressures for free-market economics suggest the conference 's vision was not all fantasy . 
But although 56 % of the respondents in the study indicated that mental-health problems were fairly pervasive in the workplace , there is still a social stigma associated with people seeking help . 
To simplify the calculations , commissions on the option and underlying stock are n't included in the table . 
The maker of telecommunications and defense equipment said Carol Cable 's portfolio and market focus would complement the company 's current wire and cable businesses . 
That 's a faster growth rate than reported by Compaq , which did n't post similar results until its fourth year , in 1986 . 
`` There are virtually no new projects , and that means no new business for us , '' he says . 
That makes it the most active trader among all the nation 's investment advisers , according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings . 
The agency has since acted to remove Alar from the nation 's grocery shelves by May 31 , 1991 , and the apple industry has said that growers already have stopped using the chemical . 
International soft-drink volume was up about 6 % . 
The point is that any piece can be used as background music for virtually anything . 
Wrong on all counts , Miss Fraser . 
Valhi said the articles did n't accurately reflect Valhi and its affiliates ' intentions toward Lockheed . 
For the nine months , the mining company posted a 40 % drop in profit to $ 30.1 million , or 31 cents a share , from $ 50.6 million , or 52 cents a share , on a 6 % rise in revenue to $ 323.2 million from $ 305.7 million . 
With annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas , Zeta publishes over a dozen magazines , including the popular Tiempo , Interviu and Panorama , and three regional dailies . 
A number of accounts of the events leading to the 190 point drop in New York stock prices on Oct. 13 accused the ministry of pulling the plug on the UAL deal for one reason or another . 
Seats currently are quoted at $ 353,500 bid , $ 405,000 asked . 
In the third quarter last year , Dell had net income of $ 5 million , or 26 cents a share , on sales of $ 75.2 million . 
Traders expect the bonds to yield about 0.60 to 0.65 percentage point above the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond , which ended Tuesday with a yield of about 7.90 % . 
Whitbread of Britain put its spirits division up for sale , setting off a scramble among distillers . 
These droppers do n't flaunt only their friendships with the Trumps , Brooke Astor or Georgette Mosbacher . 
To promote this balance , OPEC now is finally confronting a long-simmering internal problem . 
The company said it may install additional processing units at the refinery to produce higher octane gasolines and other products . 
On the fourth `` run '' with the borrowed rod , the experiment began producing excess heat . 
After the restructuring of Waertsilae Marine and bolstered by state loan guarantees , two big bank creditors , Union Bank of Finland and state-controlled Postipankki , resumed lending the shipyard working capital . 
Mr. Patel also was placed on three years ' probation . 
Times may be tough on Wall Street for some , but a few bosses are making as much as ever -- or more . 
Male scandal victims invariably fare better . 
His pledge to clean up local administration and Indian politics , including his own party , went unfulfilled . 
The two big banks were instrumental in designing the new contract . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
The product is n't widely used yet , but Toshiba , which has already beaten everyone else in producing the current-generation one-megabit DRAMs , believes that its early investment will heighten its chances of beating its competitors again . 
All the figures are adjusted to remove usual seasonal patterns . 
Eastern ultimately decided it would have to keep and operate the routes itself , which would leave it with less cash for its reorganization . 
`` If they tried to sell , they 'd be chasing their own tail . 
In late trading on London 's Stock Exchange Friday , TVS shares rose four pence to 195 pence a share . 
Though I 've been blessed with academic degrees and some success in the materialistic world , I 've never forgotten or lost contact with those memories of the 1930s . 
The show also signals Mr. Vila 's return as a television celebrity . 
By a lopsided 401-18 margin , the chamber rejected an effort to waive Gramm-Rudman for purposes of addressing the two disasters , and budget analysts estimate the increased appropriations will widen the fiscal 1990 deficit by at least $ 1.44 billion unless offsetting spending cuts or new revenues are found by Congress . 
And as the applause dies down in showrooms along Seventh Avenue and Broadway , stylishly clad Campeau buyers will begin writing orders . 
Citicorp , for example , said only that it had `` expressions of interest of a transaction from both the borrowers and the banks , '' but did n't have an agreement . 
Instead , the Dunde ice-core record shows increasing temperatures from 1900 through the early 1950s , decreasing temperatures from the late 1950s through the mid-1970s , then higher temperatures again through last year . 
`` If Webster had n't happened , you would n't be here , '' Linda Bowker tells a reporter in the Trenton office of the National Organization for Women . 
In making Malcolm and Nora such wonderfully representative specimens of their class and generation , Ms. Zeidner has somewhat neglected the task of making them distinctively individual characters . 
`` Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl , '' said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
A definitive agreement had been expected by the end of July . 
`` It 's supposed to be later but I just moved it . 
Certainly not the lawyers . 
A week later , the man told Mr. MacInnis he had suffered a mild heart attack unrelated to the massage . 
Gregory Damonne Brown of Fremont , Calif. , a hardworking , reclusive young bachelor , told that story to the Tax Court . 
At present , doctors can see how badly an artery is clogged only by inserting a thin catheter into the artery and injecting a fluid that makes the arteries visible on X-rays . 
The court is called the Management Appeals Committee , or just `` MAC , '' and it is likely to hear a couple of dozen cases a year . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
BNL called a shareholders ' assembly meeting in December to vote on the proposals . 
Saab and Fiat have worked together in the past , in one case developing jointly a new auto chassis that became the foundation of Saab 's 9000 model , Fiat 's Croma and Lancia 's Thema . 
South African gold stocks ended marginally firmer . 
Figures do n't include taxes or transaction costs . 
China General Plastics , another Taiwanese petrochemical manufacturer , was to have a 40 % stake in Luzon Petrochemical . 
He said Du Pont holds about 23 % of the world-wide market , the largest single share , at a time when growing uses for the pigment have kept it in tight supply , although others are now adding low-cost production capacity . 
But the economy `` is slowing enough to give the Federal Reserve leeway to reduce interest rates . '' 
The Senate bill contains many provisions that will increase the costs of trading . 
Indeed , Mr. Krenz said on East German television last night that there will be no sharing of power with pro-democracy groups . 
Because of the way the government keeps its books , the damage to the Bay Bridge , however costly , wo n't be counted as a minus . 
The company has 14 plants and distribution facilities in the U.S. , Puerto Rico , other parts of the Caribbean and Ireland . 
That 's because you have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy and the effort required to sell and service the whole package . 
Rep. Gonzalez has complained that regulators waited far too long , however , ignoring a recommendation from regional officials to place Lincoln into receivership two years before it failed . 
We lived in rural areas many years , but now live in St. Louis County , Mo . 
But there were fewer price swings than expected . 
Time Warner 's operating earnings got a boost from Warner 's record box-office results . 
In other European markets , share prices closed sharply higher in Frankfurt and Zurich and posted moderate rises in Stockholm , Amsterdam and Milan . 
In yesterday 's edition , the amount of new capital was misstated . 
All of the companies are units of Panhandle Eastern Corp. , which acquired Texas Eastern Corp. earlier this year . 
After a recent merger , it is also the only province-wide distributor of magazines and newspapers in Quebec . 
Mr. Ericson says he tries to offset the leverage by diversifying the fund 's portfolio . 
But `` they were n't on my list of companies who were critical to be a part of it . '' 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
In the process , `` Batibot , '' an archaic Filipino word meaning `` strong '' or `` enduring , '' has become a powerful advocate of the use of the Filipino language . 
The DARPA funds are a pittance compared with what Japan and other prospective competitors are spending . 
The surge in competition is expected to stir new life into the huge mainframe market , where growth has slowed to single digits in recent years . 
Mr. Padovan is currently a director at Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd . 
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days . 
What could be better than getting a tad more income from them ( the plus ) than other people ? 
Ohio Casualty rose 1\/4 to 51 3\/4 on 137,200 shares . 
The Conservative government 's decision may reflect its desire to shed a politically sensitive issue well before the next election , expected in late 1991 . 
Santa Fe Pacific Realty is a major California land and building owner whose prime properties include 1,850 undeveloped acres in the San Francisco Bay area , and several office sites . 
Mr. Shilling , who was Merrill Lynch 's chief economist from 1967 to 1971 , has heralded a recession for months . 
As she rode over regulations , only her friendship with party leaders , including Nguyen Van Linh , then Ho Chi Minh City party secretary , kept her out of jail . 
James Linsey , a lawyer for the Air Line Pilots Association , said the pilots were extremely pleased . 
But it said that was mainly because the project may not bear fruit until the mid-1990s . 
`` If you do n't save your critical people , you wo n't be able to bring up your vital business functions . '' 
And , earlier this month , he announced the sale of the reserves of Texas Oil & Gas , which was acquired three years ago and has n't posted any significant operating profits since . 
Guaranteed by Societe Generale . 
Mr. Lipstein said in a telephone interview from New York that the sale was proceeding as planned . 
It was five in the afternoon , but that was Pacific time . 
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands . 
Much of the market 's recent volatility has been blamed on this large-scale computerized trading technique that can send stock prices surging or plummeting in a matter of minutes . 
Bethlehem said earlier this year that it planned to restructure the BethForge division to improve its cost structure . 
Thursday 's edition misstated the narrowing . 
This may seem to be a preposterous and utterly futile effort in Africa . 
First Boston 's estimates had been higher before management supplied a 1989 projection . 
First City 's portfolio includes approximately 640,000 accounts with about $ 550 million in loans outstanding . 
Option by borrower to increase issue amount to 150 million francs . 
He said that if little cocoa actually has arrived at the ports , shipping delays could result . 
Las Colinas , once a huge Texas ranch , is a sprawling complex of office buildings , homes and recreational facilities that its developers have been struggling to populate in recent years . 
Michael A. Miles , chief executive officer of Philip Morris Cos . ' Kraft General Foods unit , bought 6,000 shares of the company on Sept. 22 for $ 157 each . 
In an effort to derail the buy-out , the union has already called for investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission , Transportation Department and Labor Department . 
A reading of less than 50 % indicates an economy that is generally contracting while a reading above 50 % indicates an economy that 's expanding . 
We 'll have to wait and see '' how the plan develops . 
But analysts said the combination of a second consecutive decline in monthly durable-goods orders and lackluster mid-October auto sales helped prop up the Treasury market . 
Some 250,000 cars normally cross the closed Bay Bridge between Oakland and San Francisco daily . 
The idea of a child-as-required-yuppie-possession must be motivating them , since the wealthy offspring of their friends are shown to be rude brats , in therapy by age five . 
NEW YORK 'S poor face nearly three million legal problems a year without legal help . 
An executive model would significantly boost Jaguar 's yearly output of 50,000 cars . 
Included in the three-year contract are options for two one-year renewals . 
Fees 1 1\/4 . 
`` I hate to dignify the publication by commenting on the obscene rating , '' Mayor Carolyn Robinson says , adding that cities have no way to rebut the book . 
National Semiconductor is getting ferroelectric technology from Krysalis Corp. in Albuquerque , N.M . 
Mr. Tanner had been president of Penn Pacific 's National Southwest Capital Group subsidiary . 
There are about $ 25.6 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2009 , priced to yield 7.25 % , and about $ 66.8 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2019 , priced at 99 to yield 7.282 % . 
Mexican officials maintain the Japanese reserve is only a result of unfamiliarity . 
Authorities at London 's Heathrow Airport are investigating the disappearance of a Paul Gauguin watercolor , `` Young Tahitian Woman in a Red Pareo , '' that has two sketches on its verso ( opposite ) side . 
The U.S. had been under pressure from several Cocom members , especially France , West Germany and Italy , to ease restrictions on some types of machine tools , which those countries argued were now widely available to East Bloc countries from non-Cocom members . 
The obvious reason was ( for British Air ) to buy a stake in United Airlines . '' 
The Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker ran a loss of $ 37 million on assembling and marketing cars in the U.S. , a deterioration of $ 378 million in that line from the 1988 quarter . 
`` Peter is a major piece of Hollywood manpower who has really earned his success , '' says Robert Bookman , an agent at Creative Artists Agency . 
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so-called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years . 
Market participants say investors are not only licking their wounds following the turbulence last week , but they have also been made nervous by two events in West Germany . 
Strong farmer selling over the weekend also weighed on prices . 
`` Such other amounts will be made available subsequently as required , '' the legislation reads , and the new obligations `` shall not be a charge against the Budget Act , Gramm-Rudman-Hollings , or other ceilings . 
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 . 
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . '' 
State and local taxes increased to $ 131.3 million from $ 99.1 million a year ago . 
Three months after she arrived in L.A. she spent $ 120 she did n't have for a hat . 
A few months later , CBS 's college and pro football contracts come up for renewal ; they could go for close to $ 100 million more than CBS now pays , a 40 % to 50 % rise . 
Bolar Pharmaceutical Co. posted the largest volume increase , 552,302 shares , to 2,157,656 . 
A Lufthansa spokeswoman in Tokyo said the head of Lufthansa 's cargo operations had been in Toyko last week for talks with JAL . 
Pushing the issue on legislation needed to avoid default by the federal government , he told reporters , `` does n't seem to be very good strategy to me . '' 
`` When we decided to look outside the company for critical data-processing and communications services , we wanted to get the best vendor for that service , '' said Paul Allen , the spokesman . 
But such an increase , he says , could be viewed by the market as `` too little too late . '' 
The company said the negative factors are expected to continue into next year . 
By that key measure of operating efficiency , BankAmerica turned in a better performance than its well-regarded Los Angeles-based competitor , Security Pacific Corp. , which posted a 0.89 % return in the third quarter . 
Later in the day , according to the source , the board reversed itself , decided to file for bankruptcy protection , and asked Mr. Evans to stay on . 
But given the few number of users , the cost to the federal government per passenger is estimated at $ 193 , according to House and Senate appropriations committees . 
The Big Board this morning plans to begin trading its Exchange Stock Portfolio `` basket '' product , the first program-trading vehicle carrying the exchange 's seal of approval . 
Volume was estimated at 800 million shares , compared with 678 million Tuesday . 
`` This is a step in the right direction , '' said Martin Piszczalski , a Yankee Group analyst . 
`` You are mad because he 's making so much money , '' say President Reagan 's defenders . 
Jewelry Makers Copy Cosmetics Sales Ploys 
Color Systems Technology Inc. , Los Angeles , said its major creditor , General Electric Pension Trust , agreed to convert $ 11.8 million of debt owed into 25 % of Color System 's fully diluted common stock . 
The House seriously considered raising the top tax rate paid by individuals with the highest incomes . 
Amgen advanced 1 1\/2 to 56 ; Chiron jumped 2 to 29 3\/4 ; Cetus gained 1 to 16 7\/8 and Biogen rose 5\/8 to 14 5\/8 . 
`` My first reaction is I do n't understand why it 's taken so long . 
Kawasaki Steel Corp. bought a Soviet steel-casting patent two years ago and has jointly developed the system with the Soviets . 
Jaguar topped the most-active list , as its American depository receipts climbed 1 3\/4 to 13 5\/8 with more than 6.6 million ADRs traded . 
Departing from decades of Soviet dogma , the new system would lead to big differences in pay between workers and almost certainly to unemployment . 
He added : `` Inflation is lower than I think people expected it to be , and I think that 's good news . '' 
Mr. Dorfman states that an investor who invested $ 100,000 a year ago in the first four stocks selected by your pros and then sold those one month later , purchasing the four new pro picks , and repeated this process for the year would have accumulated $ 166,537 , excluding account dividends , taxes and commissions . 
But , they say , people should n't try to be traders , who buy and sell in an effort to ride the latest economic trend or catch the next hot stock . 
That may leave a lot of leeway for U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Burton R. Lifland to decide what , if anything , the pilots actually collect . 
Sitco had customarily tapped the Japanese bond market for funds , but it ca n't do that any longer . 
The company hit on a new strategy : If the Defense Department is so intent on saving money , why not make money off that trend ? 
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager . 
She thinks the market could drop about 10 % in the next few months , then recover and go higher . 
The company said that it is discussing a management-employee buy-out of the facility , but that it would stop mining and selling coal at year end when existing sales contracts expire , regardless of the outcome of those talks . 
A slight recovery in the stock market gave currency traders confidence to push the dollar higher before the unit dropped back by day 's end . 
And avoiding such losses will take a monumental effort . 
Mr. Noriega , by now a lieutenant colonel , expanded his contacts to include the Cubans -- not to mention the Israelis , the Taiwanese and any other intelligence service that came knocking . 
And Democrats , who are under increasing pressure from their leaders to reject the gains-tax cut , are finding reasons to say no , at least for now . 
( All bourbon comes from Kentucky , though Jack Daniel 's Tennessee whiskey often is counted as bourbon because of similarity of taste . ) 
The agency , under his direction , bitterly fought a takeover attempt by WPP Group PLC of London before succumbing in May . 
This gene , called `` gametocide , '' is carried into the plant by a virus that remains active for a few days . 
In addition , IBM 's growth in software in the third quarter was just 8.8 % , well below historical levels even when adjusted to reflect last year 's payment from Fujitsu and the stronger dollar . 
The average interest rate fell to 8.292 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.483 % at last week 's sale . 
In other moves , Mr. Rosen says he bought a truck three years ago to reach more retailers . 
The dam caused the water level to drop in Zalubice . 
Galileo 's photos of Europa will be more than 1,000 times as sharp as Voyager 's , according to Torrence Johnson , Galileo 's project scientist , and may show whether it actually has the only known ocean other than those on Earth . 
Mr. Straszheim expects he will take some heat , and he 's right . 
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto-based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator . 
While the Cowboys may not be the best investment now , I do n't accept they ca n't be in the future . '' 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 fell to $ 150.8 million , or $ 1.20 a share , from $ 223 million , or $ 1.71 a share , a year ago . 
Mr. Werner , 58 , was formerly senior executive vice president of the parent company and the unit . 
Takeover stock traders , focusing on the company 's intention to stay independent , took the announcement as bad news . 
Mr. Purnick and other old-line furriers call many of the the imports unstylish and poorly made . 
Last Tuesday , Kemper Corp. 's Kemper Financial Services Inc. unit said it would no longer trade with firms committed to stock-index arbitrage , including the three that later suspended stock-index arbitrage trading on Friday . 
Hunter wants to concentrate its resources on the insurance business and on a project to store hazardous wastes in salt domes . 
J.P. Morgan & Co. , New York , will help the statutory managers of DFC New Zealand Ltd. to evaluate the failed investment bank 's condition . 
Operating profit rose threefold to $ 18 million , from $ 6 million . 
The 400-member Alliance of Floor Brokers said the new product , with the $ 5 million minimum , will benefit only big institutional investors and could lead to `` wild spasms of volatility . '' 
`` We 're strongly recommending that anyone who has eaten in the cafeteria this month have the shot , '' Mr. Mattausch added , `` and that means virtually everyone who works here . 
The country 's narcotics traffickers claimed responsibility for the slaying . 
Its plan is set up as an independent agency . 
AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : `` Ill-considered and reckless acquisition proposals adversely affect employee , financial and business relationships and are contrary to the best interests of AMR shareholders ... . 
This pill automatically expires after three years unless continued by a vote of the shareholders . 
Load factor , or percentage of seats filled , climbed to 67.1 % from 66.6 % , even though the number of flights rose 6.9 % to 215,845 in the first-three quarters . 
This was in contrast with the society 's meeting last May , at the height of the controversy , when more than 1,500 scientists , along with scores of reporters and TV crews , crowded into a Los Angeles hotel ballroom for a tumultuous special night session on the subject . 
That raised hopes that interest rates will continue to move lower . 
Last year , earnings of the combined companies did n't cover debt service and Pinkerton 's was forced to borrow $ 20 million of subordinated debt . 
Capital goods orders outside of the defense sector tumbled for the second month in a row , posting a 5.6 % drop after a 10.3 % decline . 
`` The last two months have been the whole ball game , '' says Steven Norwitz , a vice president . 
It is as though the land knows of its own beauty , of its own greatness , and feels no need to shout it . 
Ironically , the anonymous official 's comments have earned some plaudits for Mr. Greenspan , who is mistakenly seen as the source . 
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
The explosion sent shards of metal flying , severing the DC-10 's hydraulic or control systems , and led to the crash that killed 112 people . 
Both banks have been battered , as have other Arizona banks , by falling real estate prices . 
AT&T said the expense increase will be largely offset by a gain from its previously announced plan to swap its holdings in Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. for shares in Cie . Industriali Riunite , an Italian holding company . 
Program traders were publicly castigated following the 508-point crash Oct. 19 , 1987 , and a number of brokerage firms pulled back from using this strategy for a while . 
While USAir is n't considered absolutely takeover-proof , its defenses , including the sale in August of a 12 % stake in the company to Mr. Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway , are pretty strong . 
Denis C. Smith was named to the new post of vice president of world-wide advanced materials operations for this chemicals concern . 
Prices have averaged more than $ 2 a barrel higher than that -- not a windfall , but at least a pleasant bonus for them . 
Philip M. Hawley , chairman of Carter Hawley Hale Stores Inc. , expects sales at department stores open at least a year to rise a modest 3 % to 5 % over last year 's totals , both for his company and the industry in general . 
Their reaction was to do nothing and ride it out . '' 
Volume was 840.8 million shares , up from 443.6 million Thursday and the week 's most active session . 
But in its ruling last April , the New York court said that all producers of the anti-miscarriage drug should share liability when the manufacturer of a specific dose ca n't be determined . 
But , she says , `` I guess I did n't really notice the trees . 
Mary E. Sommer , corporate counsel for Stamford , said the city has discussed several possible plans for displaying the mural , which portrays various scenes from the Great Depression . 
Drexel therefore agreed instead to an arrangement allowing it to plea to charges `` which the company is not in a position to dispute '' because of RICO . 
B. Dan Pinick , president of Boeing Aerospace and Electronics , will become president of the new group , which will become operational Jan. 2 . 
The family was in Allied countries during both World War I and the long period of economic strife of the 1920s . 
Re-creating events has , in general , upset news traditionalists , including former CBS News President Richard S. Salant and former NBC News President Reuven Frank , former CBS News anchorman Walter Cronkite and the new dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism , Joan Konner . 
Health-care companies should get healthier in the third quarter . 
If there 's something ' weird and it do n't look good . 
The system provides radar-threat warning and electronic jamming capabilities . 
The Justice Department scrambled to play down the significance of revised guidelines concerning prosecutions under the federal racketeering law . 
John Wells , 47 , former president and chief executive of N W Ayer 's Chicago office , was named management director and director of account services at WPP Group 's J. Walter Thompson agency in Chicago ... . 
Discrepancies go unexplained in `` Confidential '' ( one ex-player claims he received $ 4,000 to $ 5,000 for his season football tickets while others said theirs brought only a few hundred dollars ) , and when Mr. Keteyian ca n't nail down something , like who really owned a car driven by Husker tailback Doug Dubose , he simply reprints his notes . 
Financiere de Paribas at 1,850 French francs ( $ 297 ) a share . 
While all the numbers in the durable goods report were adjusted for seasonal fluctuations , a Commerce Department analyst said that the adjustment probably did n't factor out all of the wide-ranging surge in defense orders . 
Unless the market goes right back up , he says , `` it may take us six to nine months to find the money , instead of three . '' 
It was the first day of trading following the suspension of Navigation Mixte shares last Monday , when Paribas announced its plan to pay 1,850 francs for each Navigation Mixte share . 
The predictions of doom are `` premature , '' she says . 
But early on , IBM offered its basic design to anybody wanting to copy it . 
The debentures may be converted into common stock of the Westborough , Mass. , home health care concern at $ 52.50 a share . 
`` I went out to Todd { Burns , the A 's reliever } and told him that we were n't gon na let this guy beat us , '' said Oakland catcher Terry Steinbach of the decisive confrontation with Mitchell , the National League 's reigning home-run king . 
That idea may have backfired . 
Yesterday , it received a $ 15 million , three-year contract from Drexel Burnham Lambert . 
Shareholders are scheduled to vote on the transaction Nov . 
Unconstitutional bills make good legal targets , but the line-item veto is better understood as a political opportunity than as mere fodder for lawyers . 
Oil stocks escaped the brunt of Friday 's selling and several were able to post gains , including Chevron , which rose 5\/8 to 66 3\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 2.4 million shares . 
`` Right now , Federated owes us a considerable amount of money , '' says Morris Marmalstein , president of David Warren Enterprises , a major dress manufacturer . 
Alternatively , it is to offer three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . 
A Big Board spokesman would only say , `` We 're working the problem and looking at the issue and meeting with a broad number of customers and constituents to get their views and ideas on the issue . '' 
\*\* Year ago figure is restated . 
Acquired from Carisbrook Holdings U.K. Ltd. , a company owned by Australian financier Robert Holmes a Court , the stake was apparently the first of its kind for Aska , an entity separate from Aichi . 
On most days , the desert 's heat and the cool of the ocean combine to create a mist like a damp rag . 
Again , no free lunch . 
A spokesman said the plant , which will replace older lubricant and grease manufacturing plants in Montreal and Toronto , will cost about 50 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 42.5 million ) to build . 
The Chinese leader , Mr. Lee informed Mr. Bush , expressed some regret for what had happened in Beijing and conceded that China 's officials bore some responsibility . 
MADD did n't learn of the fund raising until the couple sent it a check for $ 613 , along with a letter saying that was the charity 's `` share . '' 
He says he expects to sell the collection -- including the controversial Rubens -- `` carefully and prudently , just as it was put together . '' 
And three years later , in a sea of red ink , the heroes can find themselves with a lot of explaining to do . '' 
`` Our essential focus is on domestic policy , '' Mr. Greenspan said , referring to the goals of price stability and a stable economy . 
Prices opened strongly on the basis of Monday 's Wall Street rally and yesterday 's gains in Tokyo . 
He is an avuncular figure who remembers the birthdays of colleagues ' children , opens doors for women , and almost never has a bad word to say about anybody . 
He began by closing 120 of the combined companies ' 260 offices in two months , eliminating about 31 % of the company 's 2,500-person adminstrative staff , including more than 100 sales positions . 
Succeeding Mr. Whittington as deputy chairman of the group is Anthony Richmond-Watson , 43 , currently a main board member . 
The common view , says Abby Cohen , strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , is that there will be `` mild economic growth , modest profit expansion , and things are going to be hunky-dory . 
The safety board will begin four days of hearings on the accident tomorrow in Sioux City . 
During the televised Iran-Contra hearings , Mr. North came off as a patriot from central casting . 
Like other refiners , Lyondell 's margins for chemicals and gasoline were narrower . 
Teddy , the eldest of Max 's sons , has made the most dramatic escape by becoming a professor of philosophy at an American university . 
PS of New Hampshire preferred holders also would get certain debentures and preferred stock . 
Child care was one of the many `` extraneous '' bills pulled out of the Senate 's reconciliation bill last Friday . 
The rally transformed some big sell orders into big buy orders , solving an order-imbalance problem . 
Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase . 
University professors and consultants with scientific credentials saw a huge market for their services evaporate when price decontrol destroyed the energy crisis and thus the demand for `` alternative energy . '' 
Other weak blue-chip issues included Chevron , which went down 2 to 64 7\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 1.3 million shares ; Goodyear Tire & Rubber , off 1 1\/2 to 46 3\/4 , and American Express , down 3\/4 to 37 1\/4 . 
Although lung-cancer mortality rates are increasing for the nation as a whole , the report projects that death rates will begin to decline in the 1990s for men and after the year 2000 for women . 
In one , birds are the dominant carnivores ; in another the seas abound with `` little penises . '' 
`` Foothills wants to make it clear to other pipeline companies that it 's on first insofar as transporting gas from the Arctic to southern markets , '' Mr. Hillary said . 
Pinnacle West slashed its quarterly dividend to 40 cents per share from 70 cents in December , saying at the time that it believed the new , lower dividend was `` sustainable . '' 
A licensed government intellectual , Francis Fukuyama , recently announced in The National Interest that history is , so to speak , at an end since the course of human progress has now culminated in the glorious full stop of American civilization . 
In November 1987 , Sotheby 's essentially offered a Wall Street-style `` bridge loan '' of about $ 27 million to Australian businessman Alan Bond to enable him to purchase Vincent van Gogh 's `` Irises '' for $ 53.9 million . 
And Mr. Smalling does n't believe they 're worth all that much now . 
The sales are expected to raise more than 600 million Australian dollars ( US$ 462.2 million ) , Mr. Skase said . 
But Mr. Dinkins has stumbled in the past two weeks over his campaign 's payments to a black activist who is a convicted kidnapper , and over his handling of a stock sale to his son . 
Wheat futures prices fell , however , at least partly in reaction to the rumored selling of futures contracts equal to several million bushels of wheat by commodity speculator Richard Dennis . 
In Warsaw , Shevardnadze held his first talks with the Solidarity-led government and vowed to maintain fuel supplies . 
The insurers ' relative resilience gave the market time to reappraise the impact of the California disaster on U.K. equities , dealers said . 
Rohm & Haas , which plans to start operating seven new production units this year , attributed the profit slide partly to higher start-up expense . 
Results for the latest quarter include nonoperating items of $ 23.9 million , versus $ 8.4 million a year earlier . 
The refunding issue , which had been in the wings for two months , was one of the chief offerings overhanging the market and limiting price appreciation . 
`` You never know if you 'll be chosen to be the scapegoat or the lucky one . 
`` We think there 's a good prospect that competition is going to get pretty fierce in this market , '' said James E. Day , a First City vice president . 
Prices are moving up and down so fast because investors are employing ways to turn over shares at ever-faster rates and increasingly acting in concert . 
Chief Executive Officer Michael Carpenter said that despite the outcry even by some of Kidder 's own brokers , he believes index arbitrage does n't have a `` negative impact on the market as a whole . 
Dale Lang , who this week completed the acquisition of the publisher of Ms. and Sassy , is candid about the challenge he is taking on . 
CNW Corp. said the final step in the acquisition of the company has been completed with the merger of CNW with a subsidiary of Chicago & North Western Holdings Corp . 
A company official said the explosions began when a seal blew out . 
Ungermann-Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer-network market in Japan than at home . 
The two lawmakers sparred in a highly personal fashion , violating usual Senate decorum . 
But he then borrowed a palladium rod from chemists at Texas A&M who said they were getting excess heat . 
Most revisions it will propose will be geared toward slowing down program trading during stressful periods , said officials working with the exchange . 
Darla St. Martin , of the National Right to Life Committee , says exit polls from the 1988 election had single-issue , pro-life voters giving Mr. Bush about five more percentage points of support than pro-choice voters gave Michael Dukakis . 
Arthur H. Rosenfeld , previously president of the Prentice Hall Tax and Professional Services division , was named president of the newly formed Macmillan Professional and Business Reference division . 
Completion of the sale is expected early next year , Falcon said . 
There are all sorts of variations on term insurance : policies structured to pay off your mortgage debt , term riders tacked on to permanent insurance , and many others . 
In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time . 
`` I do n't have anything much to say , and I think that 's what you 're going to find from everyone else you talk to up here , '' says local attorney Edward F. Peduzzi . 
In 1983 , Mr. Hastings was found not guilty of accepting a $ 150,000 bribe in a case before him , the central charge on which the Senate convicted him . 
Sales fell to $ 981.2 million from $ 1.02 billion . 
`` I wanted to be in business . '' 
Two years ago , the futures exchange was the envy of other would-be futures centers . 
-- FINANCES . 
Bolinas -- astride the San Andreas Fault . 
A group including Gene E. Phillips , former chairman of Southmark Corp. , and William S. Friedman , former vice chairman of Southmark , lowered its stake in the Dallas real estate concern to 7.7 % , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
She signed up , starting as an `` inside '' adjuster , who settles minor claims and does a lot of work by phone . 
The agreement is effective Jan. 1 and is subject to approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board . 
AMR , the parent of American Airlines , continued to retreat in the wake of New York developer Donald Trump 's decision to withdraw his $ 120-a-share takeover bid . 
If you have not , it is probable that a thorough airing of the dispute by calm and rational debate would have been the better course . 
U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh 's plan to dissolve the 14 regional organized-crime strike forces is expected to go into effect next month , despite the opposition of Democratic congressional leaders and lawyers in the special units . 
Appointed editor in chief in July 1987 , Mr. Ngoc rapidly turned the staid Van Nghe into Vietnam 's hottest paper . 
At the same time , liberal and moderate Democrats note the irony of Mr. Bush 's joining a celebration of Costa Rican democracy at a time his administration has sought sharp cuts in U.S. aid to the tiny country . 
It also inevitably leaves a residue of shareholder lawsuits . 
Net income included a gain of $ 708,000 on asset sales , the real estate investment trust said . 
The move will give Nuovo Banco a badly needed foreign presence , and make Credit Agricole the bank 's largest shareholder . 
It 's like saying , `` get me in now '' or `` get me out now . '' 
Kidder Peabody & Co. says it monitors bond-trading conversations between brokers and customers to safeguard order accuracy . 
Other retail properties for sale include Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field , retailers now owned by B.A.T PLC , the British tobacco conglomerate . 
Mr. Allen , who teaches government at prestigious Harvey Mudd College in California and will remain a member of the commission , has spent years arguing that civil rights are individuals ' rights . 
That rate would gradually decline to as little as 29 % for corporate assets held for 15 years . 
A 30 % cut in this year 's capital gains alone amounts to roughly $ 50 billion . 
B & H Crude Carriers Ltd. -- Four million common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc . 
City and County of Honolulu , Hawaii -- $ 75 million of obligation bonds , 1989 Series B , due 1993-2009 , via competitive bid . 
`` It has never been done before , but there 's always a first . 
Quantum Fund , based in New York , is a $ 2.1 billion investment fund managed by Soros Fund Management . 
On the other hand , only a handful of individual issues were suspended from trading on Friday . 
Mr. Laff 's attorney , John Lang , filed a memorandum asking that the trial record include a secretly taped conversation in which the witness , Henry Lorin , told a Haas stockbroker that Mr. Laff should be killed . 
Occidental Petroleum Corp. holds regular evacuation drills and stocks food , oxygen and non-prescription drugs at checkpoints in its 16-story headquarters . 
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second-quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said . 
Indeed , Wright said all his life that the greatest lessons he learned were derived from the study of nature . 
`` The Commerce Department says go , and the Defense Department says stop , '' complains one machine tool producer . 
The issue brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 30.2 billion and its total volume to $ 42.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
But an early 80-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average stopped the crude rally cold . 
Here are details of yesterday 's 51-day cash management bill auction : 
The reality of life in modern America is that if you want to wreck something that works , let it fall into the hands of Congress . 
He adds , `` I think it was a fairly decent call . '' 
`` There seems to be a message from Moscow there 's a deal on offer , '' he says . 
The coupon will be reset in one year at a rate that will give the issue a market value of 101 . 
`` It 's impossible to overstate how much this means to the families of these patients , '' said Samuel Broder , director of the National Cancer Institute and a main developer of AZT . 
The Henderson plant will continue its other chemical operations , the company said . 
Perhaps Mr. Gates would emphasize more than Mr. Baker the many hurdles the Soviet leader must leap if he is going to succeed . 
Florida National , if acquired , would almost double First Union 's banking franchise in Florida to $ 17 billion in assets . 
Mr. Mahfouz began writing when there was no novelistic tradition in Arabic , and he modeled his work on Western classics . 
SCI TV 's debt restructuring plan would defer payment of $ 153 million of bank debt . 
`` The collar was penetrated on a number of occasions , '' meaning securities firms figured out ways to conduct program trades to circumvent the collar and use the Big Board 's electronic trading system , Mr. Phelan said . 
A subsidiary of Britain 's Imperial Chemical Industries would buy electricity and steam from the proposed station . 
Left-stream economists I associate with -- fellows in the Union of Radical Political Economists , most particularly Robert Pollin of the economics faculty at the University of California at Riverside -- were not hypnotized in the manner of their pliant colleagues . 
Freight rates are bottoming out and starting to rebound . 
WINSTON-SALEM , N.C. -- 
Indeed , BellSouth 's cellular operations were among the first in the country to become profitable . 
They say insurance companies use policies aimed at excluding bad risks because their competitors do . 
The difference of just 1.35 points on the scale , designed by Charles Richter of CalTech in the 1930s , means the older quake was `` 10 to 20 times stronger , '' says Lane Johnson , director of the University of California Berkeley Seismographic Station . 
If we want meaningful priorities , we must understand the trade-offs they imply before we make commitments . 
The law -- the first of its kind -- requires car rental companies in Texas to charge only `` reasonable '' rates for collision-damage waiver insurance . 
After all , they wo n't soon forget the stock bargains that became available after the October 1987 crash . 
But they said detailed financial figures have n't been passed yet to any prospective buyers . 
In the end politics got in the way . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
In his area , Mr. Lackey continues , the miscreant employers most commonly are in construction -- doing framing , drywall , masonry and similar work . 
But Manville 's ownership is unusual , and it has caught the eye of some canny -- and patient -- investors . 
New York State law prohibits insurance brokerages from deriving more than 10 % of revenue from insuring affiliated companies . 
Craig Forman in London contributed to this article . 
Because we refuse to face the tough answers , the questions continue as fodder for the commissions and committees , for the media and politicians . 
While most other airline issues took their cue from UAL , USAir Group rose 1 3\/4 to 43 1\/4 on 1.5 million shares amid speculation about a possible takeover proposal from investor Marvin Davis . 
Rolled copper product sales were major contributors to overall sales growth . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks . 
The ratio , which reflects the number of bids the Treasury receives for each bid accepted , is used to gauge investor demand . 
Otherwise , they 'd be watching programs that are no different in quality from what they currently view on color TVs . 
Mr. Corry , who has boned up on corporate raiders by reading T. Boone Pickens 's autobiography , had hoped the detente would continue . 
Prices of long-term Treasury bonds hovered in a narrow band most of the day , finishing little changed despite the dollar 's weakness and fears about a wave of government borrowing coming soon . 
Dealers said the day 's action was featureless outside some response to sterling 's early weakness against the mark , and fears that Wall Street might open lower after its strong leap forward Thursday . 
The West German paper company entered the venture in April 1988 by acquiring a 50 % stake , also from Beghin-Say . 
Yesterday 's edition provided analysts ' estimates for the company when actual earnings were available . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday , Crossland closed at $ 5.25 , down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline . 
Luis Nogales , 45 years old , has been elected to the board of this brewer . 
This is in addition to IBM 's existing shelf registration under which $ 200 million in debt securities are available for issuance . 
But prosecutorial guidelines are effective only if someone at Justice is willing and able to supervise hyperactive prosecutors . 
Lloyd 's said it expects to enact new rules mandating the changes by year end . 
The $ 320 million purchase of MTM represented an audacious international move for TVS , which then was about half the U.S. concern 's size . 
The Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers said proceeds will be used for expansion , to pay debt and for general corporate purposes . 
The GNP of the Bahamas is probably somewhere between one and two billion dollars . 
Using it , would n't a proessional hesitate to pay tens of thousands of dollars just for a chance to invest witha planner ? 
Mr. Junius said Nashua 's `` intention is to remain an independent public company . '' 
Earlier this month , Staples Inc. , a Newton , Mass. , office-supplies discounter , said it would accelerate expansion plans nationwide and offer more of its stock to the public . 
For instance , he suggests that salespeople making telephone calls should say to themselves : `` All I want to do today is get 50 rejections . '' 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
The Amex Market Value Index fell 1.25 to 375.16 . 
In addition , the coalition of labor and management , longtime enemies who joined forces only under the threat of Mr. Davis 's bid , could break apart now . 
Production is slated to begin in April . 
That would be a formula for ensuring even more FHA red ink . 
Proponents maintain that a president would choose to use a line-item veto more judiciously than that . 
Shaw , based in Dalton , Ga. , has annual sales of about $ 1.18 billion , and has economies of scale and lower raw-material costs that are expected to boost the profitability of Armstrong 's brands , sold under the Armstrong and Evans-Black names . 
But British Airways withdrew from the UAL labor-management buy-out plan last Friday , after the group failed to get bank financing for its $ 6.79 billion buy-out . 
The offering , Series 105 , is backed by Freddie Mac 9 1\/2 % securities . 
`` They 've been promising 13 % to 15 % growth based on the strategic moves they 've made , '' he said . 
Analysts agreed with company expectations that operating profit will be down this year and in 1990 . 
Libyan leader Gadhafi met with Egypt 's President Mubarak , and the two officials pledged to respect each other 's laws , security and stability . 
`` Warehouse productivity is really beginning to take off . '' 
In his peaked military cap and neatly pressed , French-made uniform , Noriega felt more respected and powerful than ever in his underprivileged life , friends from the period say . 
Campeau developed a cash squeeze that caused it to be tardy on some interest payments and to put its prestigious Bloomingdale 's department store chain up for sale . 
You know who you are . 
Therefore , engineering firms , construction contractors and developers can be sued for not keeping structures up to standard , and government agencies can be held accountable for failing to properly protect citizens from such a foreseeable disaster , if negligence can be proven . 
LOTUS DEVELOPMENT Corp. 's net income rose 61 % in the third quarter from the year-earlier period . 
Mr. Noriega also conveyed intelligence from his spy operation inside the Nicaraguan capital of Managua . 
`` The fact that we might not side with the Americans may be a reason why Canada 's membership in the OAS has n't been , over the years , an item high on the U.S. agenda , '' said Allan Gotlieb , former Canadian ambassador to the U.S. . 
Members of the Senate Banking Committee know Mr. Breeden from working on the thrift-bailout bill , and the relationship generally remains warm . 
-- Bern Sharfman . 
Utilities are a classic example : Even in recessions , people continue to use electric power , water and gas at a fairly steady rate . 
It estimates the time between college graduation and the awarding of a Ph. D. has lengthened by 30 % over the past 20 years , with the average gap now ranging from about 7.4 years in the physical sciences to 16.2 years in education . 
`` You eliminate companies with substantial prospects that are moving up in price . '' 
The Defense Department has lent the Washington U.S. attorney 10 prosecutors , and the Federal Bureau of Investigation has provided crime laboratory facilities and training , he added . 
Earnings at the department-store division , which generates the bulk of profit , should remain at least stable , while income at the mail-order and tourism units is likely to fall slightly from 1988 , the company said . 
Mr. Honecker 's ignoble fall culminates nearly two decades of iron-handed leadership during which Mr. Honecker , now 77 years old , built East Germany into the most economically advanced nation in the Soviet bloc . 
Primarily because there 's more to the matter than Ronald Reagan 's personal values , or lack of them . 
Time Warner Inc. and Sony Corp. may be today 's public enemies , but the two entertainment giants could end up becoming partners in a number of ventures as part of a settlement of their acrimonious legal dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters . 
Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge alone is thought to hide more than three billion barrels of oil . 
On the Frankfurt Stock Exchange , share prices closed higher in fairly thin trading , as selective buying by foreigners helped propel prices . 
It would create 38,000 local day-care commissions , answerable to the Department of Health and Human Services . 
Accordingly , the hidebound traditionalist reconstructed hypothetical organisms from the Burgess fossils in such a way that they could be shoehorned into familiar categories . 
The leveraged buy-out firm of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , which owns 46 % of the common equity of SCI TV , indicated in the debt plan that it would reduce its equity stake to 15 % , giving the rest of its stake to bondholders in the restructuring . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Monday , gold was quoted at $ 366.50 an ounce . 
West Texas Intermediate was bid up more than 20 cents a barrel in many overseas markets . 
`` It was a fairly stressful weekend , but my sense is if you had n't had Richard Breeden there , it would n't have made much of a difference . '' 
The average cost for breakfast at a `` decent '' hotel restaurant in New York is $ 17.12 , according to Corporate Travel magazine . 
`` What they are telling you is that they do n't have the ability to generate higher returns internally , '' says Mr. Sloan . 
If foreign tourists and businesses could sell their currencies freely at the new , better exchange rate , that would enable the State Bank to increase its dollar reserves and would mop up some of the excess rubles in the economy at the same time . 
The December contract rose 1.50 cents a pound to $ 1.2795 . 
The big reason : For all its cost-cutting , Nissan remains less efficient than Toyota . 
Ford trucks may outsell Chevy trucks in places like `` Connecticut and Long Island , '' sniffs a commercial for Chevrolet , a division of General Motors Corp . 
Philip L. Hall , president of J. Lawrence Hall Co. , Nashua , was named a director of this thrift holding company , filling a vacancy . 
Ambassador Katz said the U.S. was open to discussing particular problems of developing countries . 
He gave those bureaucrats charge of all naval operations in the Persian Gulf and Indian Ocean . 
Another agency issue came to market yesterday . 
I agreed . 
The oil refiner said it will report fiscal fourth quarter and 1989 results next week . 
`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist . 
CNBC is available to 13 million cable households . 
Citizens First Bancorp . Inc. said it agreed to buy Lakeland First Financial Group Inc. , a Succasunna , N.J. , bank holding company , for about $ 50.6 million in cash and stock . 
GASB rules still apply for other government units . 
Nevertheless , Merrill Lynch has agreed that if the thrift that issued Dr. Blumenfeld 's CD , Peoples Heritage Federal Savings & Loan Association in Salina , Kan. , is liquidated and the CD terminated , the brokerage firm would cover the premium Dr. Blumenfeld paid . 
He said large increases in sales of other non-caffeine soft drinks make the timing right now . 
`` The Congress government is taking the farmers ' bread and not giving us any support . 
John C. Burton , an accounting professor at Columbia University 's Graduate School of Business , said `` there 's a lot of emotion involved in the name of an accounting firm with a long history and with roots in England , where accounting predates the U.S. . '' 
The debt issues involved and the proposed consent fees and cash tender offer prices ( expressed per $ 1,000 of principal amount ) are as follows : 10 1\/2 % senior notes due 1994 at 101 % ; 11 % subordinated debt due 1999 at 102 % ; 9 3\/8 % notes due 1993 at 100 % ; and 8 3\/8 % notes due 1996 at 95.25 % . 
The complex is to be located in Batangas , about 70 miles south of Manila . 
SKF said demand for the group 's main product , rolling bearings , remained favorable in Europe , which accounts for slightly more than two-thirds of group sales . 
Analysts say , however , that a tough economic program would have to be accompanied by measures to shield the poor from its recessionary effects , for instance by subsidizing staple food items . 
Better yet , check out the emergence of her comic persona in `` Married to the Mob , '' Jonathan Demme 's delightful Mafia comedy . 
The State Department denied asylum to a Vietnamese man who escaped from his homeland by lashing himself to the rudder housing of a tanker for two days in monsoon seas . 
In the new show , he said , `` we 're going to spend $ 60,000 building a start-up house '' for a young couple . 
In an interview and in congressional testimony , he repeatedly points to the recent 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average -- the second-largest ever -- as evidence of the need for Congress to give the SEC the ability to better monitor leveraged buy-out loan activity by brokerage firms and to track big trades in the market . 
But it is unfair to dump on teachers , as distinct from the educational establishment . 
Sales of health-care products increased 6 % in the third quarter , based in part on strong sales of prescription drugs such as Premarin , an estrogen-replacement drug , and sales of the company 's infant formula . 
About 8,000 National Union of Mineworkers members resumed their strike against De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. after further negotiations to settle a wage dispute broke down . 
`` I do n't know whether it was done properly or not , because I 'm not a lawyer , '' he said in a telephone interview yesterday . 
The researchers , who are being financed by the Lithox funds , will receive a royalty , or percentage of sales , if their research yields a commercial product . 
Comsat Video will pay $ 17 million for a 62.5 % interest , with Messrs. Lee and Bynoe putting up $ 8 million for a 37.5 % stake in the team . 
The most onerous , many entrepreneurs say , is the record-keeping and filing required by tax authorities . 
Mr. Guber , in his affidavit , says that when he advised Warner President Terry Semel of the Sony offer at lunch on Sept. 25 , Mr. Semel `` hugged and congratulated me , and expressed joy that we had finally realized our long-term ambition of running and having an equity position in a major entertainment company . '' 
`` If 135 is broken , some panic will be seen , '' he predicted , explaining that Japanese institutions are comfortable with the dollar anywhere between current levels and 135 yen . 
Carter Glass , a former treasury secretary who was then back in Congress , probably influenced the decision . 
It does n't take much to provoke an intense debate . 
When last we left him , FBI Agent Nick Mancuso had solved a murder mystery , unraveled a Washington political scandal , and racked up some pretty good ratings numbers in the miniseries `` Favorite Son . '' 
The year-ago per-share earnings are adjusted to reflect a 2-for-1 stock split last May . 
Up to now , Drexel has made a rapid-fire series of settlements with 25 states and the commonwealth of Puerto Rico . 
`` The sense is we would never be in a position again where everything works for us the way it did before , '' says Rod Eddington , Cathay 's commercial director . 
`` People are breathing a major sigh of relief that the world did n't end Monday morning '' or yesterday . 
For last year 's fourth quarter , the company 's tax rate was less than 20 % , he said . 
Revenue rose to $ 3.31 billion from $ 3.18 billion , mostly from acquisition of AGS Computers and robust non-regulated businesses . 
The purchase price is equal to about 1.65 times Deseret 's roughly $ 10.7 million book value , or assets less liabilities . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Compaq shares fell $ 1.625 to $ 108.625 . 
The document is to be discussed at a conference of leading economists late this month , and will probably be presented to the Soviet Parliament for consideration this year . 
At the same time , the strategy requires that he deal effectively with those who seek genuine Western-style political pluralism . 
The # 76.6 million ( $ 120.6 million ) in pretax profit for the 12 months to June 30 was down from # 160 million ( $ 252 million ) a year earlier and below market expectations of # 80 million and # 90 million . 
Drexel is owed $ 20 million by the partnership . 
According to some analysts familiar with the negotiations , the 10 % of equity would come directly from Donaldson Lufkin and a fund affiliated with the investment bank Blackstone Group , which would reduce their CNW equity holdings by 5 % each . 
If the situation changes , I 'll get stuck with them . '' 
He succeeds L.L. White Jr. , 62 , who resigned but continues as a director . 
Cray made its announcement after the stock market closed . 
Your story was tasteless and insensitive . 
That sort of workhorse performance sounds made to order for a time when corporate profits overall have been weakening from the brisk increases of recent years . 
The brokers ' hope has been that they could soon coax investors into shifting some of their hoard into the stock market . 
Long considered a potential takeover target , Navigation Mixte had hoped Allianz would help protect it from raiders . 
Rising operating expenses are another problem . 
A $ 575 million San Antonio , Texas , electric and gas system revenue bond issue dominated the new issue sector . 
Mr. Bush has said he personally approves of abortions in the cases of rape , incest and danger to the life of the mother . 
For example , some securities analysts warned that stocks of certain insurance companies , which face massive damage claims , would get hit hard . 
If you are a retailer , 50 % , and a farmer , 30 % . 
Institut Merieux 's bid for Toronto-based Connaught has run into problems with the Canadian government , which told Merieux last week that it was n't convinced that the proposed acquisition would be of `` net benefit '' to Canada . 
The shortage of nurses is crimping profit at Personnel Pool , said the second money manager . 
Up to now , 900 numbers have mainly been used on local TV stations and cable channels . 
So many people fudge on answers about exercise , the president 's council now uses specific criteria to determine what is considered vigorous : It must produce contractions of large muscle groups , must achieve 60 % of maximum aerobic capacity and must be done three or more times a week for a minimum of 20 minutes . 
While sterling bounced back from session lows in a bout of short-covering yesterday , foreign exchange dealers said that any hopes that the pound would soon post significant gains have evaporated . 
B.A.T said it purchased 2.5 million shares at 785 . 
ABC has n't had much luck with shows featuring blacks in recent years , and the producers of one new arrival are a bit desperate . 
Much of the money was switched into the firm 's money market funds . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Tribune closed at $ 49.375 , down $ 4.75 . 
Tom Mongan 
`` After a while , someone has to go over the side . '' 
Since founding the company , the charismatic Vietnam vet , who is still only 46 years old , has fostered an ethos of combat . 
The laws take effect next month . 
Other scientists said they also were getting sporadic bursts of excess heat lasting several hours at a time . 
Laurie McGinley contributed to this article . 
Where they lag behind the Japanese is in turning the scientific inventiveness into improved production . 
General Dynamics Corp. was awarded contracts totaling $ 589 million for one Navy Trident submarine and for Air Force research on the National Aerospace plane . 
The venture , which involves adding sophisticated equipment to make cast-iron mill rolls , is part of a two-pronged effort to shore up a division that has posted continuing operating losses for several years . 
December gold was up $ 3.20 an ounce at $ 373.40 ; December silver gained 5.7 cents to $ 5.1950 an ounce . 
`` They always listened , but they never acted , '' Mr. Guber says . 
A state trial judge in Illinois gave preliminary approval to a proposed settlement of a suit against a Bank of New York Co. unit , Irving Trust Co. , over the interest rates on Irving 's former One Wall Street Account money-market deposit accounts . 
American Medical accepted the offer , meanwhile indicating it had heard from two other suitors . 
Japan has been testing imported food from Europe since the April 1986 Chernobyl accident in the Soviet Union , the spokesman said . 
American Express Co. 's Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. unit said it ceased all index-arbitrage program trading for client accounts . 
Only time will tell if Mr. Boyd can restore to the Alley the acclaim it received when its founder , Nina Vance , was at the height of her powers . 
Jeanette Traverso , a California lawyer , gave up running three times a week to play a weekly round of golf , finding it more social and serene . 
Meanwhile , sterling slumped on news that the United Kingdom posted a wider-than-expected trade deficit in September . 
A few months ago , Dentsu acquired 69 % of Australian agency Fortune Communication Holdings Ltd. for 5.9 million Australian dollars ( US$ 4.6 million ) . 
Those days are gone . 
Meanwhile , a state court judge has allowed the charity to go on soliciting funds . 
Outside the white-walled headquarters of the socalled Society of Orange Workers , all seems normal in South Africa 's abnormal society . 
Any such downturn in California would be grim news for West Coast thrifts , particularly the less healthy ones , which have performed poorly even with a torrid market . 
Next year `` looks dismal , '' said analyst Paul Luber of Robert Baird & Co. , Milwaukee . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.575 % 30 days ; 8.50 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days . 
Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 
First Interstate made the move under pressure from regulators . 
UGI is a gas and electric utility and distributes propane nationally through its AmeriGas subsidiary . 
By contrast , Electronic Data Systems Corp. , GM 's data processing subsidiary , boosted net 16 % . 
The new argument over the notification guideline , however , could sour any atmosphere of cooperation that existed . 
Enforcers pay special attention to operators using sweepstakes prizes as an additional inducement to give . 
There are , unfortunately , plenty of answers to that question -- and scam artists know all of them . 
Four years ago , Pittsburgh was designated the most-livable U.S. city by Rand McNally 's Places Rated Almanac , and the honor did wonders to improve Pittsburgh 's soot-stained image . 
Machinists already have rejected a proposal that called for a 4 % pay increase and 8 % bonus in the first year . 
The uncertainty is sending shivers through Brazilian financial markets . 
The move was meant to keep a lid on interest rates and to boost investor confidence . 
In national over-the-counter trading , LIN shares soared $ 4.625 to closed at $ 112.625 , while McCaw fell $ 2.50 a share to $ 37.75 . 
Yesterday , the spokeswoman said sales of Delmed products through the exclusive arrangement with National Medical accounted for 87 % of Delmed 's 1988 sales of $ 21.1 million . 
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects . 
Convertible debentures -- bonds that can later be converted into equity shares -- are the most popular instrument this year , though many companies are also selling nonconvertible bonds or equity shares . 
It ended at $ 40.125 , down $ 2.375 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
`` Along with these factors , other economic reports suggest a slowing of the economy , which could mean reduced copper usage , '' he said . 
Donna Rice of Gary Hart fame failed to obtain a book contract and lost her modeling contract for `` No Excuses '' jeans . 
There are two exceptions : Josh ( Jeffrey DeMunn ) , the local doctor who has always loved Kate ; and Lincoln ( Richard Masur ) , Kate 's simple-minded but affectionate brother . 
`` I 'd love to see sports cut back , and so would a lot of my counterparts at other schools , but everybody 's afraid to make the first move , '' he confided . 
Investment banking revenue fell 32 % to $ 205 million , in part reflecting the continued slowdown of the underwriting business . 
The conversion price is $ 9.58 a share . 
He visits the same department every two or three weeks . 
The impact on the insurance industry `` will be big and harsh , but less than { Hurricane } Hugo , '' says Mr. Byrne , who toured the Bay area by car yesterday afternoon to get a sense of the company 's exposure to the earthquake . 
There is n't a black worker in sight . 
The disagreement centers on testing deadlines and other issues involving a FileNet system installed earlier this year . 
And it 's way above the ratio ( 7.5 times cash flow ) that bigger companies are selling for . 
Coastal would n't disclose the terms . 
A spokesman for Seagram , the Montreal wine and spirits concern controlled by the Bronfman family , said the company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends . 
Mr. Bauman , a conservative , says he was deserted by the right wing . 
Prudential-Bache said the York issue was delayed because of market conditions . 
They strongly suggest that Justice 's prosecutions of Drexel Burnham Lambert , Michael Milken and Princeton\/Newport violated notions of fundamental fairness . 
And they 're leaning more toward fixed income , whose returns after tax have trailed tuition increases . 
Over the past nine months , several firms , including discount broker Charles Schwab & Co. and Sears , Roebuck & Co. 's Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. unit , have attacked program trading as a major market evil . 
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings . 
Berthold is based in Wildbad , West Germany , and also has operations in Belgium . 
In fact , they 've spent billions of dollars to boost the percentage of continously cast steel to 60.9 % in 1988 , from 39.6 % five years before . 
PACIFIC TELESIS GROUP , San Francisco , telecommunications holding company , annual sales of $ 9.5 billion , no damage to headquarters , but no power , the power failure has caused a delay in the release of the company 's earnings report , major concern is subsidiaries , Pacific Bell and Pacific Telesis Cellular , both of which sustained damage to buildings , structural damage to several cellular sites in Santa Cruz , volume of calls on cellular phones 10 times the usual , causing a big slowdown . 
Compiled by Publishers Weekly from data from large-city bookstores , bookstore chains and local bestseller lists across the U.S. . 
After the split , the two companies presumably will be rivals for orders from government and commercial customers . 
It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities , including the double-B-minus\/B rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit and the single-B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes . 
Some producers of polyethylene , figuring the inventory reductions are near an end , have announced price boosts . 
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % . 
While they have moved to the fore in underwriting fixed-income securities in the Eurobond market -- mostly for Japanese firms -- they have been only marginally profitable , if at all , in the U.S. . 
A spokesman for New York City Comptroller Harrison Goldin said the high rates reflect investors concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainties . 
The group said it sold 455,410 Southmark common shares from Sept. 5 to Oct. 5 for 18.75 cents to 25 cents a share . 
Officials believe this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Of course , one option would be for Manville to buy out the trust 's shares -- which would do little to benefit public stockholders . 
Readers were electrified by the paper 's audacity and appalled by the dark side of life it uncovered . 
`` What you 'll hear as we get into December is that sales are sluggish , '' predicts Woolworth 's Mr. Sells . 
The conversation was taped by federal investigators in what Mr. Lang said was an effort to get Mr. Lorin to implicate Mr. Laff . 
He believes the tax code encourages the use of debt instead of stock and may fuel leveraged buy-outs , an area the SEC does n't regulate directly but one where it wields influence both on Wall Street and in Congress . 
In a statement issued after the meeting , the aerospace giant said it wo n't increase its offer although adjustments within the proposed pay-and-benefit mix are possible . 
Labor costs , which leveled off in the past few years because of lower pay scales for newer employees , are on the upswing again at many carriers . 
He says the contract will be considered a success if it starts trading 500 to 1,000 lots a day . 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
Japan 's Daiwa Securities Co. named Masahiro Dozen president . 
Output declined in several provinces , including Jiangsu and Zhejiang , two key coastal areas , and Sichuan , the nation 's agricultural breadbasket . 
He plans to attach the embroidery to the backs of mink coats and jackets . 
Istat said the statistics are provisional and are n't seasonally adjusted . 
Dr. Levy 's answer may come with a new kind of magnetic brain probe , a device that he and dozens of U.S. researchers are studying with great hope . 
Joseph Grano , president of retail sales and marketing at PaineWebber Group Inc. , still thinks that individual investors will eventually go back into the stock market . 
`` When the market turns around , '' she says , `` it will give a nice picture '' of how leverage can help performance . 
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business . 
Other analysts say that estimate is low . 
Sales slipped 1.3 % to $ 2.82 billion from $ 2.86 billion . 
How does a community famous for its high living end up as a haven for low-lifes ? 
Nikon said sales rose despite the adverse effect of Japan 's unpopular consumption tax , introduced in April . 
Qintex Entertainment also said David Evans , its president and chief executive , and Roger Kimmel , a director , both resigned . 
Second-tier companies are receiving even less per ton . 
The program expires April 27 . 
He is now designing a Broadway stage set for a show by the band Kid Creole and the Coconuts . 
`` We are very lucky to easily change an export loss to domestic plus , '' says Hong Tu Pyo , managing director of domestic marketing for Hyundai Motor Co . 
Analysts figure Amgen could benefit as a result of troubles facing its competitor , Genetics Institute , over the anti-anemia drug EPO . 
Market-If-Touched Order : Market-if-touched orders are like stop orders in that they become market orders if a specified price is reached . 
Earnings at the consumer-products giant were boosted by a gain of $ 125 million , or about 25 cents a share , stemming from last month 's settlement of litigation with three of P&G 's competitors over patents on P&G 's Duncan Hines cookies . 
The lightning moves show that the stock market remains fragile and volatile -- ready to jump at the slightest rumor -- a few days after its shocking 190.58-point plunge . 
In Mr. Sohmer 's film , by contrast , we are urged to share the perverse excitement of the rapist creeping up on his victim , as the camera ogles Kate in various stages of undress and lingers on the sight of her trussed-up body during frequent flashbacks to the rape . 
Reflecting better growth prospects abroad , McDonald 's noted that as of Sept. 30 more stores were under construction overseas than a year ago , while the opposite was true for domestic expansion . 
`` I can do five things at once -- to be a businessman . '' 
It is the opinion of Timothy Good , author of `` Above Top Secret : The World UFO Cover-Up '' ( Quill\/William Morrow , 592 pages , $ 12.95 ) , that the world laughs too fast . 
The 10 7\/8 % notes were priced at 99.5 % to yield 10.958 % in an offering managed by Bear , Stearns & Co. , Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Lazard Freres & Co. , the company said . 
Valhi Inc. , another of Mr. Simmons ' companies , responded to an article Monday in The Wall Street Journal , which credited a story in the Sunday Los Angeles Daily News . 
Total tire segment sales were up only about 1 % to $ 2.2 billion , and the company said it reduced manufacturing levels at some of its U.S. tire plants because of inventory adjustments and slackened production by auto makers . 
`` It 's just not cost efficient , '' he says . 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. , New York , the newly merged drug and health-care-product company , reported record third-quarter earnings for both companies in the merger . 
4:30 a.m . 
`` What you 're going to get is ` We do n't want to put all of our eggs in one basket ' theory , '' said James H. Renzas , president of Location Management Services Inc. , a Palo Alto , Calif. , relocation concern . 
Investors who listened , and lightened up on stocks , `` have just hurt themselves , '' he says . 
Earlier this week , Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze confessed that the U.S.S.R. ignored universal human values by invading Afghanistan and , to put it bluntly , `` engaged in a violation of the ABM Treaty '' by building its radar station at Krasnoyarsk . 
The stock tumbled 2 3\/4 on news that it might have to take a charge against earnings if it ca n't successfully resolve a dispute with its European licensee , Boehringer Mannheim , over its anti-anemia drug , EPO . 
The emergency assistance would n't be counted against a state 's normal allocation of annual highway funds , and the bill circumvents existing restrictions that otherwise would prevent the use of federal aid to repair a toll road , such as the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge damaged in last week 's earthquake . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 5.39 , or 1.2 % to 452.76 on Friday . 
The sole sympathetic character is the prodigal daughter Kate ( Jaclyn Smith ) , and she is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk , a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants whose grim existence consists mostly of growing peaches and repressing sex . 
Its maximum velocity is 72 mph . 
The Palo Alto , Calif. , computer maker scrambled to set up a special phone line to tell manufacturing and support staff to stay home Wednesday . 
Without that problem , IBM might have matched last year 's earnings of $ 5.81 billion , or $ 9.80 a share . 
During the five-year period ended 1986 , roughly 80 % of the names had money tied up in money-losing syndicates , according to Chatset consultants . 
`` There is n't any doubt that the thread of the '86 code has been given a mighty tug , '' says Rep. Thomas Downey ( D. , N.Y . ) . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
The company previously said that the recent acquisition of Mobile Communications Corp. of America would dilute 1989 earnings by about 3 % . 
PS New Hampshire received a sweetened bid from another suitor , United Illuminating , which valued its new proposal at $ 2.29 billion , apparently topping all others so far . 
But the test may prove to be more sensitive in determining whether a tumor has spread or returned following treatment , Dr. Wilson said . 
While the Tigreans are communists , like the Eritreans they are among the most anti-Soviet guerrillas in the world , having suffered more than a decade of aerial bombardment by the Soviet-supplied Mengistu air force . 
During the Third Reich , the Rothschilds were a target of Nazi propaganda against Jewish financiers . 
A charge of $ 80 million related to projected environmental costs in its refining and marketing operations further depressed results . 
Indeed , conservative investors , many of them elderly , have poured more than $ 50 billion into such funds , which promise fatter yields than ordinary Treasury bonds -- only to learn later that these funds use part of their money to dabble in high-risk bond options , a gambler 's game . 
Maidenform says it is very profitable but declines to provide specifics . 
London shares also rose , while trading in Frankfurt , West Germany , ended higher . 
Algeria also wants to build a pipeline through Morocco and across the Strait of Gibraltar to supply Spain , France and West Germany with up to 15 billion cubic meters a year by the late 1990s . 
Last week Mr. Adler lowered his rating from hold to `` avoid '' on Boise Cascade , Champion International , Great Northern Nekoosa , International Paper , Louisiana Pacific and Weyerhaeuser . 
Priam Corp. lost 5\/32 to 3\/32 after filing for protection from its creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code . 
Kellogg surged 4 1\/4 to 75 . 
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares . 
Daniel Akerson , MCI chief financial officer , said the company sees further improvements in operating margins . 
The financial services company , which has about 98.8 million shares outstanding , noted its `` continued confidence in the ongoing strength of the operations . 
An arbitrator awarded Eastern Airlines pilots between $ 60 million and $ 100 million in back pay , a decision that could complicate the carrier 's bankruptcy-law reorganization . 
Because the stock prices of some paper companies already reflect an expected profit slump , PaineWebber 's Mr. Ross says he thinks that next year the share prices of some companies may fall at most only 5 % to 10 % . 
If it were n't for Social Security payments , more than three times as many elderly would be below the poverty line , Mr. Butz said . 
Owners , largely complacent in the past , are now almost desperately looking for ways to lower costs and raise revenue -- embracing some revolutionary ideas in the process . 
`` Nothing is defined or signed at this point , '' Mr. Daly said of the talks . 
When the computers say `` sell , '' the composite tumbles as well as the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
Or maybe they are disgusted by the literal-minded musical score ; when a character arrives at a major decision her thoughts are revealed by the sound of `` I Can See Clearly Now . '' 
In a sign the stock slump has n't quieted Europe 's takeover fever , Cie . Financiere de Paribas said it intends to bid for one of France 's other large financial and industrial holding companies , Cie. de Navigation Mixte . 
`` First , they produced a flowchart detailing the process by which an air-separation plant actually gets built . 
Proceeds will be used to repurchase as many as 10 million shares of Honeywell stock , as previously announced . 
You have time to put precautionary mechanisms in place , '' notes a Vista spokeswoman . 
The closing contributed to a $ 3.4 million loss in the fiscal first quarter ended July 31 -- its first quarterly loss since 1974 . 
These figures are n't seasonally adjusted . 
As the building 's new owner , Chase will have its work cut out for it . 
Changing the outcome of the trial is what really matters . 
But whether such moves can win back the confidence of East Germans , who have taken to the streets by the thousands in recent weeks to demand democratic changes , depends largely on whether they feel they can trust Mr. Krenz . 
However , he is restricted from making certain hostile moves by an agreement he signed to obtain confidential UAL data . 
You make a forecast , and then you become its prisoner . '' 
Over several decades , for instance , investors who put up with the stock market 's gyrations earned returns far in excess of those on bonds and `` cash '' investments like Treasury bills . 
One week 's performance should n't be the basis for any investment decision . 
The UAW also charged that the state applied its own standards for determining pay in a discriminatory manner . 
She was as cool as a cucumber . 
Frank Mingo Dies at 49 
In December 1988 , Messrs. Peltz and May sold their stock in Triangle Industries Inc. , a packaging company they controlled , to Pechiney Corp. of France . 
Born-again Christians are the most visible targets of unscrupulous do-gooder investment pitches . 
RADIO : 
But through this period , so far as the U.S. military was concerned , Mr. Noriega was a model recruit . 
That means the fund is n't obligated to pay anything , at least so far . 
It has sent mixed signals about its willingness to take part in the exchange-rate mechanism of the European Monetary System , which links the major EC currencies . 
Last year , only 8 % were expecting a recession . 
Not likely , I think . 
And especially , as the Cobb Parkway strip attests , in cars . 
$ 400 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 16 classes by Bear , Stearns & Co . 
The project will be the largest U.S.-backed joint venture to be undertaken in the Soviet Union in recent years . 
The deal , which will involve an initial $ 20 million investment , was struck with a handshake , he added . 
Walter M. Brady was named a senior vice president of this insurer in the Canadian head office . 
U.S. companies tend to favor suggestions `` that go for the home runs , '' says Gary Floss , vice president of corporate quality at Control Data Corp . 
It said debt remained at the $ 1.22 billion that has prevailed since early 1989 , although that compared with $ 911 million at Sept. 30 , 1988 . 
One sign of a possible easing of credit policy was the decision this week of People 's Bank of China , the central bank , to allocate $ 5.4 billion in short-term loans to pay farmers for the autumn harvest , the official China Daily reported . 
Having lost their faith in God , in social reform and in opium , Cairenes are left with nothing but their sense of humor . 
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick . 
It is refreshing to see at least one world figure who knows what she believes in and is not inclined to reflexively compromise those beliefs . 
Says Mr. Riese of National Restaurants : `` If you resisted on prices , maybe you would never get that telephone call about a new franchise . 
And , beginning in 1992 , it will have a claim on as much as 20 % of Manville 's annual net income . 
`` It happens . '' 
4 . Impose standard accounting and administrative practices . 
The operator of cable-television networks said the new Turner Pictures unit will produce movies that will premiere on Turner Broadcasting 's Turner Network Television channel , or TNT , and then will be released internationally in movie theaters . 
He flew to Fort Bragg , N.C. , in September of that year for a course in psychological operations , returning to the School of the Americas in Panama for a two-month course called `` military intelligence for officers . '' 
The company said it was doing a brisk business in computer power-surge protectors , cables and uninterruptable power sources . 
Dissident playwright Vaclav Havel reportedly escaped the crackdown , the fourth against activists in recent days . 
Tomoshige Kakita , senior deputy manager in the treasury department of Mitsui Bank Ltd. in Tokyo , suggested that uncertainty about U.S. stocks and bonds has made Japanese investors leery of holding those securities in the near term , thus damping dollar demand . 
f - As of Wednesday 's close . 
Armed with this shared understanding and requisite background information , each department developed its specialized contribution to the proposal , submitting data and cost estimates on a closely managed schedule . 
For example , in focusing on Mr. Freeman 's attempt to gain nonpublic information about a deal 's collapse , one does not naturally think about the reverse side of the coin : What if the rumor had been false ? 
And when responsible scholars gain legitimate access to unpublished materials , copyright should not be permitted to deny them use of quotations that help to establish historical points . 
They will be joined by Larry Gainen , who resigned from the firm of LePatner , Gainen & Block . 
`` It was the confirming evidence we all needed that { gene } losses were critical to the development of a common tumor , '' says Ray White at Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Salt Lake City . 
We 'll leave them alone . 
The bankruptcy filing , the government has charged in a $ 1.1 billion civil lawsuit , was part of a pattern to shift insured deposits to the parent company , which used the deposits as a cache for real-estate deals . 
Puerto Rico Telephone Co. awarded its $ 3 million account to West Indies & Grey , Grey Advertising 's office in Puerto Rico . 
So , following both the style he pursued as President Ford 's national security adviser and the recommendations of the Tower Commission , Gen. Scowcroft has pruned the NSC staff and tried to ensure that it sticks to its assigned tasks -- namely , gathering the views of the State Department , Pentagon and intelligence community ; serving as an honest broker in distilling that information for the president and then making sure presidential decisions are carried out . 
Revenue totaled $ 1.01 billion , a 43 % increase from $ 704.4 million , reflecting the company 's acquisition of Emery earlier this year . 
Faced with inevitable defeat , the once dominant industry declined any recorded vote on the ban , which covers all but a fraction of 1 % of daily flights in the U.S. . 
The high court 's decision , expected next spring , may affect the stability of many large corporate pension plans that have relied on the availability of pension insurance provided by the federal pension regulatory and insurance agency . 
Dow said it already has agreements with Albert J. Smith Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of PSE , and certain other officers of the company under which Dow may buy about 40 % of the PSE common shares outstanding . 
The announcement was made because of reports Tuesday that Cuba would delay shipments to Japan scheduled for later this year , into early next year . 
Most have read the pre-trial documents , however , and estimate Kodak will be ordered to pay $ 1 billion to $ 1.5 billion for infringing on seven Polaroid patents . 
Digital is expected to tag its new line from about $ 1.24 million to $ 4.4 million and up , depending on configuration . 
William Craig , an independent record promoter , pleaded guilty to payola and criminal tax charges , according to a statement issued by Gary Feess , the U.S. attorney here . 
MIPS is a leader in what is known as reduced-instruction set computing , or RISC , a technology combining microprocessors and sophisticated software . 
However , relying on an ardent critic of the Reagan administration and the Contra movement for help in delaying the disarming of the Contras was risky business . 
At seven weeks , an embryo is about three-fourths of an inch long and recognizably human . 
The traffic jam out of the park was monumental . 
Yet another political scandal is racking Japan . 
At the time , Mr. Gonzalez said several senators told him that they `` could get some roadblocks out of the way if there could be some understanding on Garn 's insistence on Wall . '' 
Direct marketers were especially alarmed when General Motors -- one of the country 's largest companies and a big direct-mail user itself -- entered the junk-mail battle . 
Mrs. Gandhi had been assassinated by separatist Sikhs , and many Indians feared their country might split apart . 
A 75-day trial in the early 1980s determined that Kodak , based in Rochester , N.Y. , infringed on patents of Polaroid , of Cambridge , Mass . 
It will take several weeks to repair the bridge , and several months to repair some of the 101 connections . 
As Ms. Johnson stands outside the Hammack house after winding up her chores there , the house begins to creak and sway . 
Then , he asked Mr. Pilson to raise his offer anyway : `` If we can have a number that starts with a three , you can have a dea . '' 
The protesters lie down in the street , blocking traffic , and will not move until the authorities carry them away . 
London 's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index fell 27.9 points to 2135.5 . 
Although the economy showed no change of pace from the second quarter , many analysts expect it to slow considerably in the fourth quarter as demand for autos falls , partly because of higher prices on models introduced last month . 
Other forms of red tape are more pervasive . 
Milt Ahlerich Assistant Director Office of Public Affairs Federal Bureau of Investigation 
In Paris , Air France declined to comment . 
It is payable Dec. 10 to stock of record Nov. 24 . 
The company hopes the new plant , likely to be built in Frankfurt , will be able to produce 10,000 tons a year . 
`` But 93 % of tourists still come for gambling . 
Since world oil prices collapsed in 1982 , the government has siphoned Pemex 's coffers to make payments on Mexico 's $ 97 billion foreign debt . 
`` The credit for income taxes is a result of having provided deferred income taxes applicable to the sold assets at the higher income tax rates in effect in prior years , '' the sellers said . 
Texas Instruments , which had reported Friday that third-quarter earnings fell more than 30 % from the year-ago level , went down 2 1\/8 to 33 on 1.1 million shares . 
But Asher B. Edelman , who controls about 16 % of the San Antonio , Texas , computer-servicing company , insisted that the announcement did n't have anything to do with the ongoing battle for control of Datapoint Corp . 
`` I can just tell the questions are right back where they were : ` What 's going on ? , ' ` Ca n't anything be done about program trading ? , ' ` Does n't the exchange understand ? , ' ` Where is the SEC on this ? ' '' 
`` You always want your house insured , but you do n't always feel the need for your investments to be insured . '' 
Without this basic level of attention to reality , our policies on Cuba will continue to be as counterproductive as they have for 30 years . 
Proceeds from the borrowings under the credit agreement will be used to pay an $ 80 million cash dividend to Macmillan and to lend the remainder of about $ 128 million to Maxwell Communications in connection with a promissory note . 
Individual prosperity inevitably would result . 
Mrs. Thatcher 's remarks were seen as a rebuff to several leading members of her own Conservative Party who have called for a more clear-cut British commitment to the EMS . 
She has indeed turned Hochiminh City Food into a budding conglomerate , but the company itself remains state-owned . 
Australia 's National Companies and Securities Commission said it will allow S.A. Brewing to acquire an option on as much as 20 % of Bell Resources Ltd. , a unit of Bond Corp. that is in the process of acquiring Bond Corp. 's brewing businesses for 2.5 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 1.93 billion ) . 
Well , the arrogant East Coast media have spoken again ( `` Going for the Green , '' editorial , Oct. 17 ) . 
Both periods included non-recurring charges of $ 3 million for early retirement of debt . 
Let the president demand strict new ethics rules : With four sitting House members accused of sexual misdeeds , amid the unfolding HUD scandal and after the Wright debacle , `` people are slightly dulled by scandal , '' says political humorist Art Buchwald . 
In a free country , the law should restrict citizens as little as is consistent with good manners and public safety . 
Separately , the commission intervened in a Connecticut state judge 's age-bias suit in federal court in New Haven . 
Ginnie Mae 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 97 29\/32 , down 7\/32 ; 9 1\/2 % securities at 99 31\/32 , down 6\/32 ; and 10 % securities at 101 29\/32 , down 5\/32 . 
At one point , the reader is two steps ahead of Marlowe in catching on to a double identity scam -- and Marlowe is supposed to be the pro . 
`` A similar result could sometimes be achieved , at less cost , by changing managements , '' he said . 
`` This is one where I cross party lines , '' she says , rejecting the anti-abortion stance of Rep. Florio 's opponent , Reagan-Republican Rep. James Courter . 
Big gains for the ultra-right Republicans party in Baden-Wuerttemburg state municipal elections Sunday showed eroding support for Chancellor Helmut Kohl in a traditional bastion for his Christian Democratic Union . 
`` It 's like getting a free toaster when you open an account , '' says Axe Core 's Mr. Lynn . 
Intervention , he added , is useful only to smooth disorderly markets , not to fundamentally influence the dollar 's value . 
FRANKLIN NATIONAL BANK DIED at 3 p.m. EDT , Oct. 8 , 1974 , and was promptly resurrected under new owners to shore up confidence in other banks during a recession . 
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was enacted to keep the promise of the Fifteenth Amendment and enable Southern blacks to go to the polls , unhindered by literacy tests and other exclusionary devices . 
He quickly cut the team 's bloated administrative staff by half , shut down a Cowboys-owned dance academy and , in July , announced plans to sell Valley Ranch , the team 's 30-acre practice camp and the most lavish training facility in the NFL . 
Big buyers like Procter & Gamble say there are other spots on the globe , and in India , where the seed could be grown . 
In the third quarter a year-earlier , the construction and engineering concern posted a loss of $ 51.2 million , or $ 4.68 a share . 
Dow Jones industrials 2689.14 , up 5.94 ; transportation 1230.80 , off 32.71 ; utilities 215.48 , up 0.06 . 
But supporters argue that grounding an airline is so drastic that the department would hesitate doing it . 
When they did , his commanders did n't have the initiative to do more than block a couple of roads . 
Mr. Palmer , who serves as president of the On-Site Massage Association and writes an industry newsletter , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs in the workplace , as well as on street corners , in airports and malls , and at conventions and other gatherings where weary people can be found . 
Greece and Turkey , for example , are suspected of overstating their arsenals in hopes that they can emerge from the arms-reduction treaty with large remaining forces to deter each other . 
But just as every previous NSC adviser has , Gen. Scowcroft now will have to mull at what point the NSC staff becomes too lean and too restrained . 
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry . 
The amount of blood surgical patients can donate and store before surgery can be increased by the new genetically engineered drug , EPO . 
A second group of three company directors , aligned with Rally 's founder James Patterson , also is seeking control of the fast-food chain . 
Ms. Garratt was the subject of a Wall Street Journal article in March . 
Volume was a modest 405.4 million shares traded , but better than the year 's lowest turnover of 276.8 million Monday . 
Beauregard Houston-Montgomery , a New York writer who changed his name from William Stretch in 1980 , is an inveterate name-dropper . 
Though he nominally supports both programs , Mr. Bush has n't been a passionate champion of either cause , as Mr. Reagan was . 
But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily . 
The stock jumped 9 1\/2 Friday , when the company announced it was in takeover talks . 
In the nine months , earnings rose 12 % to $ 555.6 million , or $ 1.49 a share , from $ 494.4 million , or $ 1.31 a share , a year earlier . 
Mr. Carson has been charged with being anti-Semitic . 
This can not be solved by provoking a further downturn ; reducing the supply of goods does not solve inflation . 
But the statistics released yesterday show the firms did nothing of the sort . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set Aug. 31 , 1987 . 
The U.S. electronics industry estimates that the HDTV market will total about $ 150 billion over the next two decades , with an additional $ 400 billion expected to go for related products . 
Last year , a federal appeals court in St. Louis said the preamble was unconstitutional , citing an earlier Supreme Court ruling that states ca n't justify stricter abortion curbs by changing the definition of when life begins . 
The bonds are expected to have a 14 1\/2 % coupon rate . 
They long made little effort here . 
And what they have shown is n't impressive . 
It was the first time anyone had showed that the loss of both copies of the same gene could lead to the eruption of a cancer . 
Company officials said the new company , Sin Kean Boon-Sanwa ( J.V . ) is capitalized at the equivalent of 54 million yen ( $ 381,000 ) . 
WCRS Group hopes to announce , perhaps today , an agreement to sell the majority of its ad unit to Paris-based Eurocom , a European ad executive said . 
It is evident that their conversation runs more or less on the following lines : `` I 've submitted the manuscript of my novel under the title ` Teresa de Cepeda , ' and in it I 've treated a few neglected aspects of that eternal problem which ... '' 
Mr. Redford is slowing down a mindless , speeding maniac known as the progress of mankind . 
But Mr. Hemming said he was n't aware of the nature of the talks under way between committee members and their advisers . 
In addition , Black & Decker had said it would sell two other undisclosed Emhart operations if it received the right price . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
This tale of a Chicago policewoman returning home to find the man who raped her 20 years earlier is supposed to be set in the Ozarks . 
When the plant was destroyed , `` I think everyone got concerned that the same thing would happen at our plant , '' a KerrMcGee spokeswoman said . 
HRH : 
The House bill also distorts economic efficiency in all sorts of perverse ways . 
In addition , a Norfolk affiliate , York Capital Inc. , will purchase all of the interests of Eagle 's secured lenders , which total $ 11.5 million , and guarantee as much as $ 8.2 million in payments to Eagle 's unsecured creditors . 
The CEO , Richard G. Olson , replied `` yes , '' but would n't elaborate . 
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said . 
Computer Associates International , the most active Big Board issue , was another victim of an earnings-related sell-off . 
The USS Lexington returned to dock in Pensacola , Fla. , following an accident Sunday in which the pilot of a training jet crashed into the ship , killing five sailors . 
Mr. Arafat publicly renounced terrorism Dec. 15 , satisfying the U.S. precondition for a direct `` dialogue '' with the PLO . 
About 80 % of Brazil 's voters are believed to live near the poverty level . 
Americans did n't dislike metrics ; they simply ignored them . 
The Better Business Bureau of San Diego and the state Attorney General 's office entered into a settlement stemming from an investigation of bureau-sponsored business directories published by an outside firm , Better Book Inc . 
A $ 67 billion spending bill was approved by House-Senate conferees that includes major provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
To cushion the blows , the government would introduce a minimum wage and unemployment benefits . 
Yesterday 's volume of 117.2 million shares was far below last week 's sizzling average of nearly 177 million . 
That sale , however , could still fall through if financing problems develop . 
On lampposts along Fillmore Street , a major Marina artery , posters were offering a $ 100 reward for a cat lost during the quake . 
President Bush in June vetoed a measure passed by Congress and said he would n't accept any minimum-wage rise that went beyond limits he set early in this year 's debate on the issue . 
Many companies are hesitating . 
The son of a Seagram 's executive who was stationed in many countries around the world , Mr. McDonough was born in Tokyo and attended 19 schools in places ranging from Hong Kong to Shaker Heights , Ohio , before entering Dartmouth College . 
Trading was light on the Pacific Stock Exchange yesterday , with workers at the exchange 's main floor in San Francisco struggling to execute orders by flashlight as a result of a continuing power outage . 
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange margins for the Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures stood at $ 10,000 a contract for speculators and $ 5,000 for hedgers before Oct. 16 , 1987 ; that day the hedging margin was raised to $ 7,500 . 
It 's not an effort to steal the company '' in the middle of the night . 
In recent days , traders say USAir has been buying its own shares , as part of a program to retire about eight million USAir shares , though the carrier wo n't discuss its buy-back program . 
The Short Term Bond Fund , with an average maturity of 2 1\/2 years , would deliver a total return for one year of about 10.6 % if rates drop one percentage point and a one-year return of about 6.6 % if rates rise by the same amount . 
Yet the Rothschilds do n't deny an emotional element to the decision . 
The statistical bureau 's report , cited in China Daily , notes that industrial output in September totaled $ 29.4 billion , a rise of just 0.9 % from a year earlier . 
`` All the commissioners were in amazing agreement { to re-examine regulation } for only having been together for a few months . '' 
Separately , investor Marvin Davis withdrew his backup $ 300-a-share takeover offer . 
The company has five other U.S. plants , including a modern facility at its Battle Creek headquarters known as Building 100 , which is to add bran-processing and rice-processing capacity next year . 
142.43 yen , up 0.73 ; 1.8578 marks , up 0.0108 . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings of some $ 145 million of Pinnacle debt because of `` accelerating deficiency in liquidity , '' which it said was evidenced by Pinnacle 's elimination of dividend payments . 
Meanwhile , U.S. Attorney Jerry Rafferty in Denver is reviewing the report prepared by MiniScribe 's outside directors , to determine if criminal charges should be brought before a grand jury . 
The Dow Jones industrials closed off 18.65 points , at 2638.73 , after plunging over 60.25 points in the morning . 
Louise McNamee , Della Femina 's president , will continue running the U.S. agency day-to-day . 
The prospectus did n't include many details about the studio and theme park , although conceptual drawings , released this month , show that it may feature several `` themed '' areas similar to those found at parks built by Walt Disney Co . 
The oboist Heinz Holliger has taken a hard line about the problem : He commissions and splendidly interprets fearsome contemporary scores and does some conducting , so he does n't have to play the same Mozart and Strauss concertos over and over again . 
Working Woman and Working Mother have operated as part of Working Woman\/McCall 's Group , a less-than-successful joint venture between Mr. Lang and Time Warner Inc . 
The dispute stems from pretrial maneuvering in the pending court case , in which prosecutors have been demanding access to a host of internal company memos , reports and documents . 
As a result of the partial sale and spinoff , the $ 56 billion California Public Employees Retirement System would obtain two seats on the board of the real estate operation , according to officials of the fund , who described the plan . 
Lackluster returns are one reason . 
Prices also fell for ethylene oxide and glycols , products used in making antifreeze . 
Abbie lies back and leaves the frame empty . 
At this point , the Dow industrials were down 75.41 points and falling . 
William E. Downing , Pacific Bell 's vice president of customer services for the Bay area , says most long-distance companies were blocking about 50 % of all calls . 
But even if no conscious life had evolved here at all , the universe is a big place , and given the right conditions , sympathetic to creating some form of life . 
This untried concept would expose these firms to potentially astronomical punitive damages . 
Three years ago , the ratio was reversed . 
Erbamont will then be liquidated , with any remaining Erbamont holders receiving a distribution of $ 37 a share . 
Fourth , the theory indicates why the Republican Party may have a difficult time attracting viable candidates for congressional office . 
The financial problems are particularly frustrating for salespeople pushing Wang 's image systems , which convert paper forms to electronic documents . 
TRW Inc. reported a 12 % decline in third-quarter net income , but the company said that excluding unusual gains in both quarters , operating profit rose 16 % . 
Last Sunday , Ms. Johnson finally got a chance to water her plants , but stopped abruptly . 
In 1988 , 18 months after the sixth congress formally endorsed family-run private enterprise , district authorities allowed Mr. Chan to resume work . 
Rail-transit operations suffered little damage , according to Albert Engelken , deputy executive director of the American Public Transit Association in Washington . 
According to the report , inventories outside the farm sector grew at an annual rate of $ 24.6 billion in the third quarter , up from a $ 19.5 billion pace in the second quarter . 
Even if there is no restructuring , Manville seems to be attractive long-term . 
Operating revenue rose 25 % to $ 52.1 million from $ 41.8 million a year ago . 
`` He does n't want to have the image of the gun man , '' says Fred Oldenburg , an expert at the Bonn-sponsored Institute of East European and International Studies in Cologne . 
Mr. Lesko himself is n't yet prepared to accept that explanation . 
Intel makes semiconductors and Campeau operates department-store chains and is strained for cash . 
Mr. Ramirez , who arrived late at the Sharpshooter with his crew because he had started early in the morning setting up tanks at another site , just got the first raise he can remember in eight years , to $ 8.50 an hour from $ 8 . 
Barney Hallingby , managing director of research at Hambrecht & Quist , also believes earnings growth is beginning to play a greater part in investors ' buying decisions . 
`` Entrepreneurs do n't rush to get into a stagnant or declining industry . '' 
Last month , Morgan Grenfell announced its pretax profit rose 49.6 % to # 32.8 million in the first half , boosted by a healthy growth in its domestic and international corporate finance business . 
Atop them sit cars and trucks abandoned in a terrifying scramble to safety the day before . 
Loral Corp. said fiscal second-quarter net income was $ 19.8 million , or 79 cents a share , compared with year-earlier earnings from continuing operations of $ 15.6 million , or 62 cents a share . 
`` New technologies are changing the way we deal with each other and the way we work , '' says Janlori Goldman , a staff attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union . 
`` One thing that is a little unnerving is that you had three old men on the court of appeals in California coming up with a statement that Nancy Sinatra is not distinctive but that Bette Midler is . 
But he added : `` The mere fact of a meeting does n't deal with the substance of policy . '' 
Ralph Neas was the organizing genius , whipping a conglomerate of pressure groups into an irresistible attacking force . 
The fear Congress has of any line-item-veto test led Members to add the single most contorted and ridiculous provision this year , `` This section shall be effective only on Oct. 1 , 1989 . '' 
Dallas investor Harold C. Simmons said he raised his stake in Lockheed Corp. to 10.62 % from 10.43 % of the aerospace and electronics concern 's common shares . 
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes . 
About 20,000 years ago the last ice age ended . 
At the same time , William T. Archey , international vice president at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , notes : `` Clearly the stronger dollar has made imports more attractive '' by causing their prices to decline . 
`` It raises questions about more deep-seated problems , the budget deficit and the trade deficit and the seeming lack of ability to come to grips with them . '' 
Thousands of us had paid $ 5 for the official souvenir book with its historical essays on Series trivia , its historical photographs of great moments in Series past , and its instructions , in English and Spanish , for filling in the scorecard . 
It was above 33 , adjusted for a subsequent split , in 1987 , and has n't gotten much higher since . ) 
Too early to tell , but a trade deficit that is significantly smaller than we imagined does suggest a review of our trade posture . 
Dealers placed heavy buy orders in the morning to start the first trading day for November transactions . 
In the midst of a labor shortage , he proposes linking city subsidies to businesses to their record of hiring New York City residents . 
The Japanese use 40 % of the world 's ivory . 
U.S. buyers have already been lined up . 
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies . 
The daily volume for Treasury Securities is about $ 110 billion . 
Currently , the company has about 88.1 million common shares outstanding . 
Completion of Texaco 's acquisition of Tana is subject to government approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act . 
The study said Japan 's carbon-dioxide emissions would slightly more than double by 2010 unless the nation reduced its dependence on fossil fuels . 
The fibers business , whose products go into textiles , carpeting and myriad industrial uses , now accounts for only 20 % of Akzo 's sales . 
Transactions in which prices were disclosed totaled $ 71.9 billion , up 36 % from $ 52.9 billion a year earlier , the company added . 
Say you purchased a stock because of a new product that was in the works . 
He said construction would n't resume until market conditions warrant it . 
Not so Michigan . 
But , so far , the change of scenery has n't ended his string of bad breaks . 
The move comes a week after Paribas announced that it was preparing to bid for 66.7 % control of Navigation Mixte . 
The representative responded that Noriega had numerous assets in place in Nicaragua and could accomplish many essential things , just as Noriega had helped { the U.S. . } the previous year in blowing up a Sandinista arsenal . '' 
For the first nine months , the trade deficit was 14.933 trillion lire , compared with 10.485 trillion lire in the year-earlier period . 
He huddled with directors at a special meeting two weeks ago and tried to block his opponent . 
But the Japanese have to go a long way to catch up . 
Mr. Hogan said `` The Secret Life of Ian Fleming '' and `` Treasure Island '' cost more than $ 6 million each to make , which is only about one-third the cost of most movies made for theatrical release . 
In its letter to him , dated March 2 and shared with reporters , Alex Hager , the chief of the thrift-institution bureau in the comptroller 's office , expressed puzzlement that the S&L could be so profligate when it had reported losses of more than $ 13 million in its two preceding quarters . 
Key to the issue is that the bikes , in skillful hands , can go virtually anywhere , and in reckless hands can become vehicles of terror . 
I was in the Berkeley Main library when it hit . 
Surely not to people with epilepsy who depend on the same levels of medication in their bloodstream daily to maintain seizure control . 
A Wellcome spokesman declined to comment on the discovery of the antibody in Japan . 
The engineering company was acquired in a takeover earlier this year by the giant Reliance textile group . 
When Chancellor Helmut Kohl travels to Poland Nov. 9 , he is expected to take with him a promise of three billion West German marks ( $ 1.6 billion ) in new credit guarantees for industrial projects . 
The company had been one of the maninstays of Miami Beach financier Victor Posner 's empire . 
Newspapers published articles about him , and he was hailed as `` the tire king . '' 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
Warner obviously does n't think that it is in its own interests to let Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters go off to Columbia . 
The grand jury has also been investigating whether Gulf Power executives violated the federal Utility Holding Company Act , which prohibits certain utilities from making political contributions . 
The real income of wage-earning families in the month eased 1.2 % to 438,845 yen from the previous year . 
The total short interest in Nasdaq stocks as of mid-October was 237.1 million shares , up from 223.7 million in September but well below the record level of 279 million shares established in July 1987 . 
Once again the company 's future looked less than rosy . 
In his affidavit filed yesterday , Warner 's Mr. Ross indicated he is n't buying any such argument : `` If Sony succeeds here , no written contract in Hollywood will be worth the paper it 's written on . 
Advancers on the Big Board lagged decliners 662 to 829 . 
`` The culture is not ready to take off its clothes , lie down and be touched for an hour for $ 45 , '' he says . 
Carr-Lowrey , a maker of glass bottles for the cosmetics and toiletries industries , had sales last year of about $ 40 million . 
In those areas , the role of NSC staffers under them therefore have become more important . 
City dwellers love them because they shift smoothly in traffic , bounce easily over curbs and roll through road glass with far fewer flat tires than racing bikes . 
Copper 
It was a gutsy move for a little-known executive , fired after only two months as president of his previous company . 
Vail , Colo. , now has a playland that looks like an old mining town ; kids can ski through and pan for fool 's gold . 
Nor do we see any reason to believe that a metropolitan Washington that has gotten fat and rich and lazy in the shadow of the federal colossus will change much on its own initiative . 
The consumer-products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago . 
Tokyo 's Nikkei index fell 84.15 points to 35442.40 . 
The predicament , he added , was similar to the Hong Kong 1982-83 property-price collapse , which exposed the involvement of Bank Bumiputra 's former subsidiary in the colony in the largest banking scandal in Malaysia 's history . 
Such a dual role would be `` impractical and unethical , '' Warner said , adding , `` that concept is as silly as suggesting that the head coach of the Los Angeles Dodgers could simultaneously be general manager of the San Francisco Giants . '' 
`` The less they know , the easier it is for us . 
California 's high-priced real estate puts it in an awkward position , too . 
And Dave Grusin 's witty score embraces the banal requirements of banquet-hall musicianship ( `` Feelings '' is a must ) without condescension . 
`` I thought I was over the hill at 22 , '' recalls Mr. McDuffie , an outgoing man with pale blue eyes and a light Southern drawl . 
`` The board has stated repeatedly that Rubbermaid should be independent , '' said Walter W. Williams , Rubbermaid president . 
A federal judge ruled that Imelda Marcos was n't brought to the U.S. against her will and that marital privileges , which protect spouses from incriminating each other , do n't apply in her case . 
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47-store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' '' 
New Product News says the beverage `` looks like ginger ale , tastes a little like cherries and smells like bubble gum . '' ... 
Still , Mr. Utsumi may have a hard time convincing market analysts who have rightly or wrongly believed that the ministry played a role in orchestrating recent moves by Japanese banks . 
Detroit Edison , the plan pioneer , generated $ 54,000 in matching funds this year , up from $ 39,000 in 1988 . 
And Hitachi went on the offensive against the U.S. 's Motorola Inc. earlier this month with a suit charging that Motorola 's new MC88200 chip infringes on a Hitachi patent . 
Despite the narrowing of the monthly trade gap , economists expect the current account deficit for all of 1989 to swell to about # 20 billion from # 14.6 billion in 1988 . 
Japanese newspaper Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported that the three giants plan to integrate their cargo computers and ground-cargo and air-cargo systems . 
Alvin W. Trivelpiece , director of Oak Ridge National Laboratory , Oak Ridge , Tenn. , was elected a director of this optical-products concern . 
Mr. Cathcart , who will return to the Quaker Oats Co. board of directors , in addition to his personal ventures , is credited with bringing some basic budgeting and planning discipline to traditionally free-wheeling Kidder . 
Tokyu Department Store advanced 260 to 2410 . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.04 % two months ; 8.03 % three months ; 7.96 % six months ; 7.92 % one year . 
The suspension of foreign loans has weakened the buying power of China 's national trading companies , which are among the country 's biggest importers . 
Many of the letters maintain that investor confidence has been so shaken by the 1987 stock market crash -- and the markets already so stacked against the little guy -- that any decrease in information on insider-trading patterns might prompt individuals to get out of stocks altogether . 
Pre-trial polling helps the consultants develop a profile of the right type of juror . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
But the truth is that almost everyone , from real-estate agents to city fathers , name-drops ; and a surprising number of people have an ancient uncle who claims he lived next door to the cartoonist who did the Katzenjammer Kids . 
Though direct mail to businesses is n't broken out separately , the association says it 's growing even faster . 
Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan meets regularly for lunch with Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady and talks frequently with Budget Director Richard Darman and Michael Boskin , chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers . 
However , less optimistic attorneys warned that because of the tangle of numerous defendants and plaintiffs with overlapping claims , there is always the possibility that the talks will again fall apart . 
Last March , Isetan invested 1.5 billion yen ( $ 10.6 million ) in a venture with Barney 's Inc. , an up-scale New York specialty clothier . 
`` Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him , or being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two-thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives , according to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill . '' 
As power and commuters returned to much of downtown San Francisco for the first time since Tuesday 's temblor in the Bay area , three strong aftershocks , one measuring 5.0 on the Richter scale , jolted the region . 
Mrs. Engelken had scheduled a stop on the New Jersey Turnpike to , she told her husband , pick up some papers for a neighbor . 
John C. Holt , an executive vice president and Dun & Bradstreet director , sold 10,000 shares on Aug. 31 for $ 588,800 , filings show . 
Or perhaps Wall Street , when it has suffered enough , will realize that finance is a service industry , and change its ethos . 
Arbitragers said they were disappointed the company did n't announce some recapitalization or other plan to maximize value . 
Lawrence Insurance underwrites mostly primary insurance , a company spokesman said . 
Work was begun on single family homes -- the core of the housing market -- at an annual rate of 971,000 in September , a drop of 2.1 % from the previous month . 
For corporations , the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 33 % from the current top rate of 34 % . 
While they do n't expect the Fed to move right away , they say the case for lower rates is building . 
Lawrence Insurance , based in Albany , N.Y. , plans to use the $ 22.5 million in proceeds to help finance the acquisition of United Republic . 
`` I would say he 's definitely not in need of money , '' says Matt Merola , an agent of Mr. Jackson 's based in New York . 
So , is the tax code now open game again ? 
Kent Jesperson , president of Foothills , said the company believes the project would be viable if gas prices reach US$ 3.25 a thousand cubic feet by 1995 , in current dollars , up from a current spot price of about US$ 1.50 . 
In Sidhpur , it is almost time to sow this year 's crop . 
The 61-year-old Mr. Guzman Cabrera takes such criticisms in stride . 
NBI , a maker of word-processing systems , said it ca n't predict if any of the preferred stock will be converted . 
From a financial standpoint , the boom could n't come at a better time . 
But inside the white walls of the Orange Workers ' office -- just about the largest building in town , save for the Dutch Reformed Church and the school -- South Africa 's neat racial order is awry . 
The wonder is not that the resistance has failed to topple the Kabul regime , but that it continues to exist and fight at all . 
The maker of engineered materials has acquired more than 2.7 million shares under the program . 
But opposition legislators and others calling for help for South Korea 's renters say the proposed changes do n't go far enough to make it possible for ordinary people to buy a home . 
In the two weeks since the rebellion , which the U.S. hesitantly backed , Mr. Noriega has been at his most brutal - and efficient - in maintaining power . 
That would be comforting to fixed-income investors , many of whom were badly burned in the third quarter by incorrectly assuming that the Fed would ease . 
Net was $ 3.1 million , or 16 cents a share , up from $ 1.6 million , or nine cents a share . 
The new product has performed well in a market test in Las Vegas , Nev. , Mr. Calloway said . 
Individuals eager for tax-free income drove up bond prices , making state and local government debt one of the best-performing types of fixed-income investments during the period . 
With prices already headed lower , news of a series of explosions at a major Phillips Petroleum Co. chemical facility on the Houston Ship Channel also was bearish for prices . 
For example , infertile couples who have the woman 's eggs fertilized in the test tube usually have several eggs fertilized at a time . 
In August , the index was up 0.2 % from the previous month , and was up 4.5 % on a year-to-year basis . 
Civilized discourse and an environment where compromise can begin are lost in a hostile posture abetted by superficial media interviews . 
Program trading on the New York Stock Exchange in September rose to its highest recorded level as a percentage of total monthly trading volume . 
Boeing Co. 's third-quarter profit leaped 68 % , but Wall Street 's attention was focused on the picket line , not the bottom line . 
He said the rising volume of passenger traffic on this route justifies a major investment in new high-standard Moscow hotels . 
Excluding the British snack-food business acquired in July , snack-food international tonnage jumped 40 % , with sales strong in Spain , Mexico and Brazil . 
For the nine months , the Morris Township , N.J.-based company , with businesses in aerospace , automotive products and engineered materials , earned $ 413 million , or $ 2.77 cents a share , up 15 % from $ 359 million , or $ 2.40 a share . 
But neither has an extensive background in Latin America , the Middle East or Asia . 
`` I do n't think it 's anything that 's going to cause a downturn in economic activity . 
State law enforcers can barely keep up with charity scams , and reports from watchdog groups such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus are not encouraging . 
But it was Frank Lloyd Wright who said , `` Is this not Anti-Christ ? 
`` If the recession does hit , there will be some great investment opportunities just when things seem the blackest . '' 
So far anyway , our alien visitors seem more intent on brightening our skies than pulverizing us . 
The parties are currently negotiating over who would manage the building , which will be emptied of 6,000 employees from Sears ' merchandise group , which is moving elsewhere . 
`` Pieces of Candlestick , '' they said . 
The Providence , R.I. , financial services group , which includes commercial-credit , leasing and mortgage-banking operations , contributed $ 30.6 million to net , up from last year 's $ 21.3 million . 
But in the light of events in Panama , where the U.S. has such clear strategic interests , waiting for the Delta Force may prove to be a dangerous gambit . 
On Aug. 1 , the state tore up its controls , and food prices leaped . 
Since 1979 , the number of motel rooms has fallen by 17,000 . 
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services . 
Real good , '' says 39-year-old Pete Broberg , working in the midday heat of the Tropics camp . 
`` We 'd be reluctant to accept 50-50 ownership in a manufacturing company . 
Two of Mr. Holmes 's business associates who worked for Venture Capitalists , Kimberly Ann Smith and Frederick Byrum , also consented to being enjoined from violations of registration provisions of the securities laws . 
Mr. McElroy , 54 years old , will remain president and chief executive officer of the unit . 
As a result , some securities analysts had predicted in recent days that IBM would authorize additional purchases . 
`` It 's a case of the market being too high to buy and too afraid to sell , '' a senior dealer with Kleinwort Benson Securities said . 
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms . 
To date , we see no clear indication that the government is serious about negotiations . 
`` We 're encouraging a graceful transition , '' says Mary Kay Poppenberg , the organization 's president . 
Not yet , anyway . 
An interest rate is guaranteed for between one and seven years , after which holders get 30 days to choose another guarantee period or to switch to another insurer 's contract without the surrender charges that are common to annuities . 
Share prices in Frankfurt closed narrowly mixed after listless and directionless trading . 
While bond investors would have preferred growth to be a little slower , they were cheered by inflation measures in the data that showed prices rising at a modest annual rate of 2.9 % . 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 . 
Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. , continues to lose money , the executives acknowledged , but they said they consider some of the technology vital to national defense and so are reluctant to dispose of it . 
An experimental vaccine can alter the immune response of people infected with the AIDS virus , a prominent U.S. scientist said . 
New construction contracts rose 8 % in September , led by commercial , industrial and public-works projects , according to F.W. Dodge Group . 
By moving the settlement date ahead , the Treasury can raise money under the $ 2.87 trillion debt ceiling that is in effect through tomorrow , after which it reverts to $ 2.8 trillion . 
Nippon Signal Co . ( Japan ) -- 80 million marks of bonds with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/2 % coupon , due Nov. 9 , 1994 , and priced at par , via Commerzbank . 
In his Rolling Stone interview in 1980 , Mr. Bush volunteered his abortion-rights remarks to contrast himself with his rival , Ronald Reagan . 
His doubts stemmed from the fact that several years earlier a Princeton University researcher , Arnold Levine , had found in experiments with mice that a gene called p53 could transform normal cells into cancerous ones . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Friday , gold was at about $ 366.85 an ounce . 
Much the same thing happened with busted S&Ls , a problem Congress just `` solved '' with a $ 166 billion bailout . 
After being whipsawed by a volatile stock market , Treasury bonds closed higher . 
And a Democratic aide to a Banking Committee member remarks , `` I too am astounded by it , because Gonzalez has certainly placed a lot of Democratic senators in a very bad position . '' 
Many of the deals involved transactions in which scientific institutions or researchers agreed to commercialize their work in return for an equity stake or royalties . 
The word is out . 
The case had been closely watched because attorneys anticipate increasing litigation nationally over the so-called sick-building syndrome . 
Offsetting the lower stake in Lyondell were higher crude oil prices , increased natural gas volumes and higher coke prices , the company said . 
Hunter Environmental Services Inc. said it reached a preliminary accord on the sale of its environmental consulting and services business for about $ 40 million and assumption of related debt . 
Fuel cost adjustments could change the effective rate increases , however . 
These include trying to protect its print advertising by invoking the First Amendment , and wooing blacks by portraying itself as a protector of civil rights . 
One Egg King -- which at just under four feet tall and two feet wide has been likened to the robot R2-D2 -- can crack about 20,000 eggs an hour . 
Giant has interests in cement making and newsprint . 
If the CIA has become a protection service for Mr. Noriega , the American people ought to know . 
Market Order : This is probably the most widely used order -- and the one most open to abuse by unscrupulous floor brokers , since it imposes no price restrictions . 
Robert P. Bulseco , 44 years old , was named president and chief administrative officer of this regional commercial bank . 
The Moloch that knows no God but more ? '' 
Unfortunately , according to Webster 's Biographical Dictionary , `` His policies went beyond his control and resulted ... in riots and disturbances '' and later a renewed campaign of civil disobedience `` resulted in rioting and a second imprisonment . '' 
`` But by and large this company has only been profitable . '' 
He has been a Bearings director since 1985 . 
Hutton Ingram will have a general corporate , securities , real-estate and litigation practice , and a substantial practice serving the professional-design community . 
Swedish auto and aerospace concern Saab-Scania AB said it received a 250 million krona ( $ 39 million ) order from Swiss Crossair , one of Europe 's leading regional air companies , for five Saab 340B turboprop commuter aircraft . 
You 'll find her there . 
Her father , William Rosenthal , designed the then-dress making company 's first bra in the 1920s , which he said gave women a `` maiden form '' compared with the `` boyish form '' they got from the `` flat bandages '' used for support at the time . 
The rest of the world accepted such methods when Japan was developing . 
The U.S.-Japan Security Treaty can continue , sort of . 
They also chart the evolution of a city that has grown tenfold in the author 's lifetime , from a colonial outpost of fez-wearing pashas to a Third World slum choking on its own refuse . 
`` The price can not be less than $ 7,000 . '' 
In 1988 , the company earned $ 822.8 million , or $ 5.66 a share , on sales of $ 12.49 billion . 
Signs of growing weakness in the economy , paired with indications that inflation is staying well under control , have caused them to wonder why the Fed chairman is so grudging in reducing rates . 
In deferring action on the merger , the Fed said , `` The Board does not believe that there is sufficient information in the record at this time to allow { it } to reach a final conclusion on First Union 's record of helping to meet the credit needs of the communities it serves in Florida and North Carolina , including low to moderate-income neighborhoods in those communities . '' 
Inland Chairman Frank W. Luerssen said the company 's short-term outlook is `` clouded by uncertainties in the economy and financial markets . '' 
After clanging around for an hour or so , the shiny , hot money pours out of the cement chute , where a giant vacuum sucks away the dried mud and burnt wrappers . 
First Fidelity said it boosted its loan-loss provision to $ 50.9 million from $ 20.4 million a year ago , primarily because of a weaker real-estate sector in the region . 
ANTHEM ELECTRONICS INC. , San Jose , distributor of electronic parts , annual sales of about $ 300 million , NYSE , sustained very little damage , anticipated being `` in 100 % operating condition '' by midday . 
Mr. Eidsmo is one of several key people from outside the cycling industry who were hired to bring the free-wheeling , fast-growing company under tighter control . 
This maker and marketer of cartridge tape systems said it completed the sale of 2.85 million shares of common priced at $ 10 a share in an initial public offering . 
Soon , the military became a veritable mafia controlling legal and illegal businesses . 
`` If they slip for 10 cents for 10 minutes , I 'll stop , '' he says . 
Not all Poles are pleased . 
But yesterday 's rally among `` good '' junk was a badly needed tonic for the market . 
For instance , tired flight attendants might not react quickly enough during an emergency evacuation . 
Rockwell International Corp. received a $ 26.7 million Navy contract for submarine ballistic missiles . 
One longtime champion of these programs in Congress , Republican whip Newt Gingrich of Georgia , is distracted by questions about his ethics , conservatives note . 
The Dayton , Ohio , maker of parts for the building and transportation industries said holders of the two issues can convert their stock into common shares through the close of business Dec. 1 . 
Meanwhile , the man Mr. Krenz replaces has left an indelible mark on East German society . 
Analysts worry that the disk-drive and leasing problems will last at least through the first quarter . 
Right now , the executive adds , `` he wants to continue to focus on paying down '' USX 's debt by selling assets . 
Meanwhile , PaineWebber remains among the leaders in efforts to simply persuade investors to keep giving Wall Street their money . 
World-wide sales of Trident gum , Certs breath mints , and Clorets gum and breath mints , increased 12 % to $ 277 million . 
Issuance of those warrants will be at the rate of one-third warrant for each warrant exercised . 
`` The resignation came as a great surprise . '' 
Someone with a master 's degree in classical arts who works in a deli would be ideal , Litigation Sciences advises . 
Manufacturers Hanover said that excluding the addition to its reserves , certain tax benefits , and a one-time $ 16 million gain on the sale of an interest in a foreign leasing company , third-quarter earnings were $ 75 million . 
Under a 1981 Missouri law , persons accused of some crimes , including trespassing , may offer a defense that their actions were justified `` as an emergency measure to avoid an imminent public or private injury . '' 
Pride Petroleum Services Inc. said it agreed to buy well-servicing assets of two companies and expects to report higher third-quarter revenue and earnings . 
Net income surged 10 % to 7.12 billion yen from 6.47 billion yen . 
The presence of Unilever and P&G is likely to increase the impact of advertising on cosmetics . 
His daughter turns to dressmaking , then to peddling herself for a few piasters . 
Meanwhile , Ford officials became convinced they could n't expect to recover the investment it would require to make Saab 's cars competitive in the increasingly crowded luxury market . 
The average drifted in a trading range of about 30 points throughout the day . 
In one of many rosy scenarios , Bear Stearns 's Gary Schneider wrote in March that its real estate alone had a value of $ 4.5 billion . 
The Justice Department 's view is shared by other lawyers and at least one member of the court , Judge H. Robert Mayer , a former civil litigator who served at the claims court trial level before he was appointed to the Federal Circuit two years ago . 
Of heart-pounding moments there were nearly none , and whether this has to do with Mr. Kleiber or the wooden cast is hard to say . 
The first signs of trouble came last month when the Hong Kong carrier , a subsidiary of Swire Pacific Ltd. , posted a 5 % drop in operating profit for the first six months and warned that margins will remain under pressure for the rest of the year . 
The UEP declines to comment , but the group 's attorney , Alfred Frawley , says the group 's actions are motivated solely by `` health concerns . '' 
Young & Rubicam , fighting charges that it bribed Jamaican officials to win the Jamaica Tourist Board ad account in 1981 , said it will no longer create the tourist board 's advertising . 
Rockwell , based in El Segundo , Calif. , is an aerospace , electronics , automotive and graphics concern . 
The adoption agency insists on introducing the adopting parents to the birth mother , so Linda and Michael pay for pregnant Lucy 's ( Ms. Masterson ) bus ticket from Ohio . 
Charles Redmond , a NASA spokesman , said the agency discovered the virus on Monday on the collection of computer networks collectively called Internet and expected 100 university centers to be infected by today . 
Executives at Nekoosa could n't be reached , and officials at Georgia Pacific declined to comment . 
The market is still very touchy about rumors and news on pending takeovers . 
Like other zeros , they pay all their interest at maturity , meaning that buyers can time things so that their bonds pay off just when Junior graduates from high school . 
The buy-out group had no firm financing for the plan . 
In fact , because communism seems to be beating a global retreat , some conservatives may simply be so pleased that their anti-communist philosophy is prevailing that they do n't have the fire at the moment to push controversial programs . 
My attitude is : Let 's come out of the closet . '' 
`` The fact that they did four-day matched sales means they are not in a mood to ease aggressively . 
Explosions shook a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas , hurling debris and causing a fire visible from 10 miles away . 
BUSINESSLAND INC. , San Jose , computer retail company , annual sales of $ 1.1 billion , NYSE , said all 16 corporate office and stores in the area were open with the exception of a retail center in San Francisco 's business district . 
Chief Inspector Peter Seacomb of the Criminal Investigation Department at the airport said , `` It is not uncommon for property to be temporarily mislaid or misrouted . '' 
In years past , the ad industry 's most distinguished executives did n't hesitate to excorciate Mr. Achenbaum . 
Mr. Sulzberger said the scheduled opening of a new color-printing plant in Edison , N.J. , in 1990 would involve heavy startup and depreciation costs . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters claim they have an oral agreement with Warner executives that allows them to terminate their contract should the opportunity to run a major studio arise . 
`` If I were buying a building in San Francisco now the first thing I 'd do is insist on a structural inspection , then I 'd delay a little , stall a little . '' 
Yet in 1989 , retail participation has been more than 20 % in every month , and was 23.5 % in August , the latest month for which figures are available . 
In the second quarter , American Pioneer reported a loss of $ 7.3 million , compared with net income of $ 1.1 million a year earlier . 
`` What 's he doing ? '' hissed my companion , who was the only other English-speaking member of the convention and whose knuckles were white . 
It Helps to Be Male 
Also approved was a plan to trade stock portfolios by computer after regular hours on the Midwest Stock Exchange . 
Dealers said some defensive investors were buyers of mortgages , as were dealers seeking collateral for REMICs priced earlier last week . 
But his is a story about a hero in an era of sports anti-heroes , and about what Babe Ruth , Mr. Engelken reminds us , once called `` the only real game in the world . '' 
Other lenders have been recovering only 50 cents to 60 cents on the dollar on foreclosed Arizona property , if they can sell it at all . 
Commodore , West Chester , Pa. , had said in August that it was consolidating manufacturing to cut costs and expected to be profitable in the fiscal first quarter . 
Mr. Lawson and his European-minded colleagues want the British pound formally tied to the West German mark . 
Investors and traders in Pacific exchange options `` are protected to the extent that they can convert their put and call options into the underlying instrument , '' Mr. Luthringshausen said . 
Robert Kornreich , an attorney for the Telerate holders , told Judge Hartnett the Dow Jones offer is `` arrogant '' and `` hostile . '' 
Daewoo Motor , a 50-50 joint venture with General Motors Corp. and the Daewoo Group conglomerate , is the only auto maker that appears to be hurting . 
Mr. Deng added , says Mr. Lee , that `` we really made mistakes . 
Deer , wild hog , armadillos and alligators are the glamour quadrupeds and the birds are innumerable , especially the herons and the spoonbills . 
Mr. Kane became president and chief executive officer of U.S. Memories last June , when the group was formed by seven electronics companies : Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , Digital Equipment Corp. ; Hewlett-Packard Co. ; Intel Corp. ; International Business Machines Corp. ; LSI Logic Corp. and National Semiconductor Corp . 
Chandler Insurance Co. said it expects to report third-quarter net income jumped 97 % to $ 2.8 million , or 51 cents a share . 
Caere was underwritten by Alex . Brown & Sons . 
One sign that more Soviet purchases are possible is that U.S. grain companies yesterday bought an unusually large amount of corn futures contracts . 
The poll , conducted for the Dutch daily De Telegraaf by Gallup International said 81 % of Dutch people supported NATO . 
Union sentiment also could influence shareholder reaction to a Jaguar-GM accord . 
This year , a number of retail leveraged buyouts have failed , causing jitters among suppliers , and Mr. Merksamer apparently wanted assurances that he wo n't have delivery problems . 
`` I ca n't think of any reason to join Lloyd 's now , '' says Keith Whitten , a British businessman and a Lloyd 's member since 1979 . 
In the recent past , bond buyers did n't seek such assurance . 
In addition , the tax-collecting agency says that it will take the unusual step of looking to the private sector to fill two new high-level positions to guide the 120,000-employee agency : a comptroller to oversee daily finances and a chief information officer to update the information system , which includes probably the largest computer data base in the world . 
At the same time , Lloyd 's is besieged by disgruntled investors and hamstrung by inefficient but time-honored ways of conducting business . 
Heating oil prices also rose . 
To understand what Mr. Engelken means , one must go back to a sunny October afternoon in 1951 at New York 's Polo Grounds stadium , where , it can be argued , the most dramatic moment in baseball history was played out . 
DSP makes electronic instrumentation and data acquisition systems . 
Mr. O'Brien will elaborate on the SIA 's position in testimony before the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee this week , a spokesman said . 
For example , officials at Walnut Creek office learned that the Amfac Hotel near the San Francisco airport , which is insured by Aetna , was badly damaged when they saw it on network television news . 
The imports , totaling 98.5 million barrels , were 11 % lower than August levels . 
`` We were saving up to buy a house , and my wife was pregnant , '' says Mr. Cortese . 
Officials at some Rockefeller units are said to be unhappy with the agreement . 
Compared to the Red Delicious , the exemplar of apple pulchritude , the Fuji is decidedly more dowdy -- generally smaller , less-perfectly shaped , greenish , with tinges of red . 
For the nine months , it had a loss of $ 58.3 million , or $ 2.44 a share , after earnings of $ 29.5 million , or $ 1.20 a share , in the 1988 period . 
If there is n't , { the deal } wo n't be put forward '' to shareholders . 
`` Niche-itis fragments our advertising dollars , '' said Mr. Lauder . 
Drug companies lost a major liability case . 
A string of costly projects , including the high-speed national aerospace plane and the advanced communications technology satellite , would continue to be developed within these limits . 
In an advisory letter , the department said that , starting Oct. 18 , loans could be limited to `` parties in interest , '' which generally means active workers but also includes retirees who continue as directors and 10 % shareholders . 
Ms. Raptopoulos noted that relating economic numbers to specific market activity is tricky . 
He is now in solo law practice in Washington , but his fees have been meager and he failed in efforts to win a chunk of his ex-wife 's royalties on her tell-all book . 
The move by the nation 's largest steelmaker follows a string of earlier announcements by other major steel companies . 
Such a policy implies that only a black politician can speak for a black person , and that only a white politician can govern on behalf of a white one . 
In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.57 yen , down from Tuesday 's Tokyo close of 142.10 yen . 
Intel Corp. , Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and National Semiconductor Corp. were all up and running yesterday , though many workers were forced to stay home because of damaged roadways ; others elected to take the day off . 
Norman Berry , the creative executive who was apparently squeezed out of Ogilvy & Mather in June , is returning to Ogilvy 's parent company , WPP Group PLC . 
Pacific Telesis says its Pacific Bell unit also was blocking about 50 % of its calls locally . 
Edward M. Esber , chairman , president and chief executive officer , attributed the decline to reduced domestic revenue because of $ 4.9 million spent to upgrade existing software inventories to the new database IV Version 1.1 , and $ 1.8 million spent on the recent reduction in work force . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
It would be inappropriate for the government or the central bank to buy or sell IBM or General Motors shares . 
Contracting for non-residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion . 
Bullish bond market sentiment is on the rise again . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Bankers Trust fell 12.5 cents to $ 50.50 . 
Among Mr. Bacarella 's picks : Oracle Systems , Reebok International Ltd. and Digital Microwave Corp . 
East Germany yesterday removed Erich Honecker , one of the staunchest holdouts against the reform rumbling through the Communist world , in an effort to win back the confidence of its increasingly rebellious citizens . 
Not many people know the details of Mr. Morishita 's business , but it 's a source of rumors about shady dealings . 
Property Capital , which is based in Boston , had told shareholders it expected to distribute at least $ 21 a share , or $ 229 million , in a liquidation , based on an expected asset sale price of $ 290 million or more . 
For the nine months , Georgia-Pacific 's earnings increased 49 % to $ 504 million , or $ 5.58 a share , from $ 338 million , or $ 3.41 a share . 
Two rules in pending congressional legislation threaten to hinder leveraged buy-outs by raising the price tags of such deals by as much as 10 % . 
The effete Tyrannosaurus Rex Had strict Cretaceous views on sex , And that is why you only see him Reproduced in the museum . 
But the oil ministers continue to study the plan , and it will probably be the basis for discussion at next month 's meeting . 
Mr. Miller said costs of incentives caused a `` moderate '' loss in the Highland Park , Mich. , company 's North American car and truck business . 
Other fundamental `` reforms '' of the 1986 act have been threatened as well . 
Although their ads picture curvy young people in skimpy outfits , club owners know the future lies with the lumpier over-40 set . 
( Both men declined to be interviewed for this article . ) 
What shook America was not a battle for justice but for naked power , in which an army of judicial activists rolled over a judge they had demonized . 
That included capital gains that were passed along to customers . 
In a letter to the federation , Raymond Campion , Exxon 's environmental coordinator , said : `` Recent public actions by you regarding the Valdez oil spill have failed to demonstrate any sense of objectivity or fairness . '' 
This seems to be the season for revivals in Chicago . 
A court in Jerusalem sentenced a Palestinian to 16 life terms for forcing a bus off a cliff July 6 , killing 16 people , Israeli radio reported . 
Yet although California Plant Protection was netting bigger and bigger clients -- the firm provided security for the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles -- it still did n't have the name recognition of Pinkerton 's . 
Paribas said it would publish details of its bid once authorities clear it . 
Istat said 369,000 more people were employed in July than in April . 
Lion Nathan issued a statement saying it is applying to Australia 's National Companies & Securities Commission , the nation 's corporate watchdog agency , for a modification to takeover regulations `` similar to that obtained by '' S.A. Brewing Holdings Ltd . 
Mr. Tucker , 56 years old , is currently vice president and chief operating officer of Bell Atlantic 's C&P Telephone unit . 
Florida National Banks of Fla. slid 1 1\/8 to 24 3\/4 . 
The campaign so divided union leaders that the government found them far easier to control . 
But before the stock market rebounded from a sharp early sell-off yesterday , he said , `` You could n't buy { junk bonds } and you could n't give them away . '' 
British Satellite faces competition from Sky Television , a satellite-TV venture begun last February and owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp . 
Warner denies such an agreement was made , and disputes the Guber-Peters version of virtually every telephone call and meeting the two sides had on the matter . 
The products range from computer-edited , personal newsletters to systems that sit inside a personal computer and pick stories on selected topics off news wires . 
The directors ' action , taken Oct. 10 but announced Friday , had little or no effect on the company 's stock , which stagnated at $ 4.75 in light over-the-counter trading . 
They led the Major Leagues in regular-season wins with 99 and flattened the Toronto Blue Jays four games to one for the American League pennant before stomping their cross-bay rivals . 
It is shown weekdays on two of the country 's five networks . 
In his Mansion House speech , Mr. Lawson warned that a further slowdown can be expected as the impact of the last rise in interest rates earlier this month takes effect . 
As the good times rolled they more than doubled their prices for pulp , a raw material used in all sorts of paper , to $ 830 a metric ton this past spring from $ 380 a ton at the start of 1986 . 
Compaq said it foresees no difficulties in obtaining parts in the immediate future . 
`` But the only way you can find out how your people are doing is by listening . '' 
The associations would like the court to include between three and six judges with specialized training . 
As of March 1 , its Flint office , with about 2,500 employees , stopped delivering bulk mail and non-subscription magazines . 
N. Joseph Potts 
`` I believe that any good lawyer should be able to figure out and understand patent law , '' Judge Mayer says , adding that `` it 's the responsibility of highly paid lawyers ( who argue before the court ) to make us understand ( complex patent litigation ) . '' 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 282 million from $ 268.3 million . 
Questions like that really stir up Marshall 's ghost . 
It also recommends that employees be aware of everyday office items that could be used for emergency care or shelter . 
That 's the word . 
Mr. Rabinowitz , the Warner attorney , says the studio still wants the producers to come back and fulfill their contract . 
The most recent OTC short interest statistics were compiled Oct. 13 , the day the Nasdaq composite index slid 3 % and the New York Stock Exchange tumbled 7 % . 
The chemicals and insurance company said net in the latest quarter was $ 54.8 million , or 45 cents a share . 
Our concern for the ozone layer , of course , grows out of the potential for increasing UV-B radiation , which could damage flora and fauna . 
But the company said the political contributions had been made more than five years ago . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.55 % three months ; 8.35 % six months . 
The program , which runs through Jan. 4 , also offers low-rate financing in lieu of the cash rebate . 
Keep in mind that this is the same movie in which a character is flattened by a steamroller only to pop right back up and peer in the window of a Boeing 747 -- from the outside -- as it takes off . 
`` It 's one of the smoothest commutes I 've ever had , '' said Charles Catania , an insurance broker on the bus from Mill Valley in Marin County . 
For the third quarter , Rubbermaid earned $ 32.6 million , or 44 cents a share , up 16 % from $ 28.1 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Second quarter , June 30 , 1989 : Per-share earnings : $ 6.52 vs. $ 5.77 
The Harrisburg 7 trial in 1972 , in which Daniel Berrigan and others were charged with plotting anti-war-related violence , was a landmark . 
Once activated , the card would sit in the car 's window , showing traffic wardens how much time the motorist could remain . 
The company plans to raise between C$ 75 million and C$ 100 million from the offering , according to a spokeswoman at Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd. , lead underwriter . 
Analysts have attributed much of the summer 's spurt in spending to bargain car prices at the end of the model year . 
This is the first time I 've seen something I could imagine a lot of people using . '' 
President Bush told reporters a few months ago that he was looking for the right test case to see whether he already has the line-item veto . 
And the feature is so new , he adds , that no insurer has yet established a track record for actually making such payments . 
Many of his views on the protection of wilderness areas , rivers and canyons are now embraced by mainstream , conservative Utahans . 
A second illustration is supplied by the recent guilty plea entered by Robert Freeman , formerly head of arbitrage at Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Once the price reaches that level , a stop order turns into a market order , and the order is filled at whatever price the broker can get . 
The ad agency 's pretax profit margins were slightly under 10 % at the time of the takeover , according to analysts ; London-based WPP 's goal is to increase margins to 12 % . 
At Backer Spielvogel , Mr. Spielvogel 's hallmark has been personal involvement with all major clients . 
Any settlement is also expected to exclude Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from any of the projects they were working on at Warner . 
The latest rebate is good for all Beretta models . 
St. Johns River Water Management District , Fla. -- $ 50,005,000 of land acquisition revenue bonds , Series 1989 , due 1990-2000 , 2003 , 2006 and 2009 , tentatively priced by a Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to about 7.03 % in 2003 . 
Salomon Brothers Inc. has delayed Grand Union Co. 's $ 1.16 billion junk-bond offering while it restructures the transaction . 
Foreign earnings fell to $ 180 million from $ 182 million that included a $ 48 million gain from lower Canadian and Australian taxes . 
Without question , something intriguing is going on in the policy chambers of the Politburo . 
December delivery gold eased 40 cents an ounce to $ 380.80 . 
The Murray Hill , N.J. , company said full-year earnings may be off 33 cents a share because the company removed a catheter from the market . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. counts under 39,000 workers , down 100 from the start of the year and off 8,500 from after its merger and the market collapse two years ago . 
The report was the brightest news the financial markets had seen since before the stock market plunged more than 190 points last Friday . 
The pilots ' Mr. Dubinsky says his union would like majority ownership for employees . 
Atlanta 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Traders were initially nervous about shares of companies , including many leading OTC computer companies , such as Apple Computer with offices in the vicinity of the area damaged by the quake . 
UAL'S STOCK SKIDDED an additional $ 24.875 , to $ 198 , as British Airways indicated it may balk at any hastily revised version of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Air 's parent . 
He assumed the missing piece contained a gene or genes whose loss had a critical role in setting off the cancer . 
Concerned with the increased availability of surveillance technology and heavier use of it , lawmakers have proposed laws addressing the issue . 
These were only two of a series of fabrications that had , in Judge Kozinski 's words , the cumulative effect of making Mr. Masson `` appear more arrogant , less sensitive , shallower , more self-aggrandizing , and less in touch with reality than he appears from his own statements . '' 
Although it may not be legally obligated to sell the company if the buy-out group ca n't revive its bid , it may have to explore alternatives if the buyers come back with a bid much lower than the group 's original $ 300-a-share proposal . 
Almost all of us in comparable circumstances might be victimized in some way , '' says Jerald Jellison , a psychology professor at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles . 
And when Mr. Kasparov strode into the playing hall , he called the outcome . 
Supplemental Security Income payments to the disabled also will rise 4.7 % , starting with checks received on Dec. 29 , 1988 , increasing the maximum SSI payment to $ 386 from $ 368 a month . 
We were out of the box . 
But they need not be to do their jobs well . 
The company closed at $ 12 a share , down 62.5 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
South African gold stocks closed higher . 
Now , says Mr. Biehl , value investing often means `` looking for downtrodden companies with terrible management that are in real trouble . '' 
Are n't we , after all , the inevitable culmination of that stately pageant called evolution ? 
Coach them in handling complaints so that they can resolve problems immediately . 
The economy would be thrown open to numerous types of ownership between now and 1992 , including factories leased by workers or owned by shareholders , cooperatives and joint ventures . 
It sees sales rising 45 % to 26,000 units next year . 
`` We 're looking at the leverage factor every day , '' says Robert Moore , president of Bernstein-Macaulay Inc. , a Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. unit and the fund 's adviser . 
Already , the 1982 legislation has saved an estimated $ 800 million . 
The names of some of these products do n't suggest the risk involved in buying them , either . 
Renaissance , a Cincinnati-based money manager , began buying stocks again this week with half of the $ 1.8 billion that it oversees for clients , according to people familiar with the firm 's revised strategy . 
Among declining issues , a weak earnings outlook drove Groundwater Technology down 6 1\/4 to 24 . 
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance . 
Separately , Pitney Bowes said third-quarter net income gained 15 % to $ 62 million , or 78 cents a share , from $ 54 million , or 68 cents a share , a year ago . 
He shut down the company 's tony New York headquarters . 
As conferees noted , scarce capital means the costs of control must be minimized through a broad menu of compliance choices for individual firms . 
The HyperCard program allows users to design applications for Macintosh computers without having to be hardcore programmers and is distributed with every Macintosh sold . 
Traders worked with the help of sunlight streaming through windows , despite large cracks in the walls and a lack of incoming phone calls . 
For the nine months , AT&T said net income was $ 1.99 billion , or $ 1.85 a share , up 19 % from $ 1.67 billion , or $ 1.56 a share . 
This expected blow has cast a pall over the economy 's prospects . 
Colleagues today recall with some humor how meetings would crawl into the early morning hours as Mr. Dinkins would march his staff out of board meetings and into his private office to discuss , en masse , certain controversial proposals . 
Mr. Falls , the Goodman 's artistic director , took a recent adaptation by Neil Bartlett and significantly adapted it . 
Rorer in July had projected lower third-quarter operating profit but higher profit for all of 1989 . 
Congress , with a measure of White House complicity , has been manipulating the spending accounts for years under the cover of omnibus appropriations bills . 
Delmed , which makes and sells peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Robert S. Ehrlich , chairman , president and chief executive officer , and of Leslie I. Shapiro , chief operating officer and chief financial officer . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
He made numerous trips to the U.S. in the early 1980s , but was n't arrested until 1987 when he showed up as a guest of then-Vice President George Bush at a government function . 
Not all of those parcels have yet been sold . 
Lloyd 's is moving forward on some fronts , though . 
Now , only God exists as a matter of absolute necessity ; it is built into His nature . 
`` Instead of buying masks for your kids , just cut out the columnists ' pictures ... . 
Estimated volume was a very light one million ounces . 
Even though the U.S. also has supported Canadian membership , it has n't been a Washington priority . 
Asarco Inc. , continuing its effort to refocus its business , ended its involvement in asbestos mining in the third quarter and said it would stop mining and selling coal by year end . 
`` When a company realizes that , it 's hard to go with Wang . '' 
It needs to sort itself out . '' 
Meanwhile , a woman sitting next to a new Fujitsu terminal writes stock-market information on a chart with a pencil and adds it up with a hand calculator . 
Platinum is believed to have good support around $ 480 and palladium at around $ 130 . 
But this skittishness , Mr. Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks . 
Cutting against the downward trend was Continental , which jumped 4 marks to 346 marks ( $ 187 ) in heavy trading on rumors that the tire maker is about to be taken over . 
And the Colorado planner who promised to make some of his clients millionaires on investments of as litle as $ 100 ? 
If conservatives do n't support an increase in the IMF 's capital , then it is incumbent on them to speak up now and explain the alternative . 
The certificates , which have an average life of 10.05 years , were priced at 1.31 percentage points over the benchmark Treasury 10-year note . 
On Wall Street , takeover stock traders bid Nekoosa 's stock well above the Georgia-Pacific bid , assuming that Nekoosa 's will either be sold to a rival bidder or to Georgia-Pacific at a higher price -- as much as $ 75 a share , according to some estimates . 
Such trappings suggest a glorious past but give no hint of a troubled present . 
Nynex said access lines in service at the end of the quarter were off 18,000 from the previous quarter , which reported an increase of 160,000 new access lines . 
But seesaw gyrations in the Dow Jones Industrial Average yesterday put Wall Street back in the spotlight and inspired market participants to bid the U.S. unit lower . 
This could be a big protest against an administrative failure . '' 
West German interest rates , he said , will remain unchanged . 
The typical healthy heart beats 70 times a minute . 
Conservatives have an important decision to make this fall . 
The center will provide space for computer hardware and facsimile and other telecommunications equipment , not readily accessible in Poland now , for a growing number of Westerners doing business in Eastern Europe . 
Both General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. have been trying to amass 15 % stakes in Jaguar . 
He also vowed to `` make every effort to nurture ... a constructive new relationship that has been forged with participating employee groups . '' 
Putnam Investment Grade Municipal Trust , Boston , was listed with the symbol PGM . 
Drexel does n't have a Delaware office , but the New York firm has been negotiating settlements that would allow it to operate freely nationwide despite its record as an admitted felon . 
With that authority , of course , goes an unambiguous accountability . 
The yield on the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond slipped to 7.93 % . 
The flight was rescheduled for today . 
The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Federated and Allied department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for Mr. Levy but for hundreds of other small apparel makers , button suppliers , trucking firms and fabric houses . 
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses . 
Other insurance rates such as casualty insurance , which would cover liability claims , are n't likely to firm right away , says Alice Cornish , an industry analyst with Northington Research in Avon , Conn . 
And we certainly do not believe that Mr. Gorbachev or any of his emissaries yet deserve to have the West take their word for it . 
The solution to this problem is a time-limited poison pill . 
Then maybe I could stay home and have seven children and watch Oprah Winfrey , like Beulah in the article , instead of having one child and working constantly just to stay above water , like so many families in this country . 
Furthermore , no bell has yet rung to announce the end of this immense episode of natural global warming . 
Moreover , the U.S. can expect more competition from low-cost producing Pacific Rim and Latin American countries . 
Francis D. John , 35-year-old president , will assume the additional job of chief executive officer . 
So Campbell is talking to its `` brand enthusiasts , '' probing their psychological attachment to its soup . 
And debt-ridden Campeau Corp. of Toronto is giving up the 17-store Bloomingdale 's group . 
Stockbrokers who cater to individual investors said the Big Board 's new product confirms the exchange does n't want to curtail program trading , which last month accounted for a record 13.8 % of the exchange 's average daily volume . 
Earlier this year , Penney abandoned another home shopping venture , Telaction Corp. , after investing $ 106 million in it . 
For small companies , he says , interest rates are far more important than what happens on stock exchanges . 
The only Afrikaners who would be willing to work for this salary would n't know how to handle money . '' 
Coniston said it would pursue `` various financing alternatives . '' 
Cray said its order backlog at Sept. 30 was $ 315 million , down $ 25 million from June 30 . 
Guaranteed by Redland PLC . 
These costs will complicate the budget picture in fiscal 1991 , and the measure further commits Congress to a set of costly projects , including the first construction funds for the space station . 
Japanese companies have a caveat competitor attitude . 
Dennis Block , a partner at the New York firm of Weil , Gotshal & Manges , said that in the first eight months of this year , 89 hostile offers were launched , compared with 157 for the first eight months of 
Still , I figured the event 's envy-quotient back in the U.S.A. was near peerless . 
Aided by a sharp gain in its travel business , American Express said net rose to $ 331.8 million , or 77 cents a share , from $ 273.9 million , or 64 cents a share . 
The cup had been insured , and in short order it was given over to a Chubb & Son representative . 
Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 climbed to $ 551 million , or $ 1.66 a share , from $ 400 million , or $ 1.18 a share , a year earlier . 
`` The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , '' said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer . 
The transactions are unrelated . 
The state began such work after a 1971 tremblor in Southern California , when numerous bridges collapsed . 
Economists , businessmen and some politicians agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reduced state spending ; focusing spending on vital areas such as education , health and welfare ; turning state companies private ; reforming the tax system , raising public service rates to match costs ; and possibly a temporary wage and price freeze and a devaluation of the cruzado . 
Those companies , in turn , paid Mr. Peterson commissions and fees , the suit alleges . 
BIO-RAD LABORATORIES INC. , Hercules , biological research and clinical-products leader , $ 200 million in annual sales , Amex , said its Richmond warehouse north of San Francisco was closed because of debris and fallen shelves . 
Planar President James Hurd says he has to pay tariffs as high as 15 % to sell his display panels in Japan and South Korea , while panels from those countries enter the U.S. duty-free . 
B.A.T said it may make more equity purchases until the close of business today , depending on market conditions , but will cease further purchases until Nov. 22 , when it releases third-quarter results . 
Without liquidity from the junk-bond market or cash flow from profits , they look to the government , which obediently assists the natural motions of the capitalist economy with charity in the form of cuts in the capital-gains tax rate or bailouts . 
The other part of the transaction will see Beghin-Say sell its 50 % stake in its Kaysersberg paper affiliate to an unspecified unit of the petrochemical group Montedison S.p . A. , which is also controlled by Ferruzzi . 
The company said it believes the suit is without merit . 
But while analysts say that municipal bonds still offer good value , you would n't know it by the way institutional investors are rushing to dump their holdings . 
Latin American countries have long urged Canada to join the OAS in the hopes that it would be a counterweight to the U.S. , which for many years tended to dominate the 32-nation organization . 
Among the first of the group to post results , Abbott Laboratories said third-quarter net income jumped 14 % to $ 196 million , or 88 cents a share , from $ 172 million , or 76 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The first GAF trial ended in a mistrial after four weeks when U.S. District Judge Mary Johnson Lowe found that a prosecutor improperly , but unintentionally , withheld a document . 
The charges in the 12-count indictment , which stem from events that allegedly occurred in late 1984 and early 1985 , involve enrollment procedures of six students and the preparation of certain reports , Wilfred said . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.50 % 30 days ; 8.40 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days . 
First Executive Corp. said about 96 % of the rights to purchase its depositary shares and warrants have been exercised . 
They could no longer be classified as what Columbia regarded them , namely long-term investments . 
The work force provides the third arm of the `` alliance . '' 
Managing partners who responded to the survey typically spend over half their time supervising their firms ' day-to-day operations and just a little more than a third of their time practicing law . 
The purchase , expected to be completed by year end , will make Quebecor the second-largest commercial printer in North America , behind only R.R. Donnelley & Sons Co. , Chicago . 
Also , CS First Boston Inc. 's First Boston Corp. unit , the fifth-biggest program trader in September , is `` preparing a response '' to the program-trading outcry , officials of the firm said . 
Was 300 ft. out on a pier in San Rafael . 
ITEL CORP. reported third-quarter earnings , which were mistakenly shown in the Quarterly Earnings Surprises table in yesterday 's edition to be lower than the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Christopher Smith ( R. , N.J. ) , a pro-life leader in the House , suggested a compromise that would have adapted restrictive language from rape and incest exceptions in the states . 
In 1986 Congress strengthened the penalty by making it a felony . 
`` It follows the same pattern as his tax returns . 
Now that Vietnam appears to have pulled out its occupation army , the State Department is talking again about accepting an `` interim '' coalition government in the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh . 
We know firsthand the discrimination addressed by the act : to be told there 's no place for your child in school ; to spend lonely hours at home because there is no transportation for someone in a wheelchair ; to be denied employment because you are disabled . 
The models , which cost about $ 75,000 each , will be used in research . 
The designer , whose line of modular , one-size-fits-all clothing has spawned a host of clones , has been in a dispute with her latest licensee , Jerell Inc. for several months . 
`` Low P-E '' stocks , he says , vastly outperform others `` during a recession or bear market . '' 
Shipbuilding became a point of pride as Finnish shipyards remained profitable long after rivals collapsed all over Europe . 
Mr. Krenz is expected to be formally named to all three positions once the nation 's parliament convenes later this week . 
For political as well as economic reasons , U.S. companies are at the top of his priorities -- a point he underscored by spending two hours walking around the U.S. trade show last week . 
U.S. gas buyers must also decide whether they want to enter firm contracts for Mackenzie delta gas or develop Alaskan reserves in the Prudhoe Bay area first , a project that has been on hold for more than a decade . 
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them . 
The market closed prior to Mr. Lawson 's announcement . 
Japanese local governments are expected to invest heavily in computer systems over the next few years , and many companies expect that field to provide substantial revenue . 
( A Fortune article on Saul Steinberg was entitled , `` Fear and Loathing in the Corporate Boardrooms . '' ) 
The two banks appear to be a good fit . 
`` This is not your father 's mainframe , '' said Allan McGuire , a Digital spokesman . 
Besides holding the promise of safer spinal surgery , the probe could improve the diagnosis of brain and nerve disorders such as strokes and multiple sclerosis . 
The legendary GM chairman declared that his company would make `` a car for every purse and purpose . '' 
For the sixth time in as many years , Continental Airlines has a new senior executive . 
Enviropact said the two divisions account for about $ 8 million of the company 's $ 20 million in annual revenue . 
Sen. Packwood has offered his capital-gains-cut package as an amendment to a bill , now pending in the Senate , that would authorize aid to Poland and Hungary . 
The inquiry soon focused on the judge . 
Net sales for this year 's third quarter were $ 14 million , down from $ 21.4 million last year . 
The appeals court also said the agency had to consider a company 's long-term ability to fund pension plans , not just short-term improved financial status . 
Exxon 
`` The merger is proceeding according to plan , except as to the withdrawal of the Deloitte U.K. firm , '' he said . 
South Carolina deserves an A for its quick and timely relief efforts . 
Still , Southland said that its franchisees have been targeting their merchandise to their customers for years , and that the company has begun to follow suit . 
Malcolm , a former film-maker turned architect , has just seen his first big chance at a lucrative commission turn to dust with the arrest of his shady , obnoxious client , a fly-by-night real estate developer . 
But this week , B.A.T has been hit harder than other big U.K. stocks -- first by the market gyrations , then by Tuesday 's San Francisco earthquake , which could leave B.A.T 's Farmers Group Inc. insurance unit facing big claims . 
I do n't know why Barber never told anybody else . 
Portfolio B : Two-income couple , age 45 ; $ 150,000 portfolio . 
So the older or most inefficient capacity has got to go . '' 
Meanwhile , President Bush stepped up his personal lobbying for the capital-gains tax cut . 
We are prepared to support those changes , '' said Mr. Mosbacher . 
Other scandal survivors are sometimes the best source of solace . 
Mr. Rogers , 60 years old , succeeds J.V. White , 64 , who will remain chairman and chairman of the executive committee . 
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation-socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . '' 
EWDB , formed by the merger of Eurocom and Della Femina McNamee WCRS , said it agreed to buy Vizeversa , an agency in Barcelona . 
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three . 
It 's doubtful , though , whether circuit breakers do any real good . 
Seventy years old and a self-declared `` scientific socialist , '' President Barre has a power base , composed only of his minority Mareham clan , that according to observers is `` narrowing . '' 
The name of the game is to move goods . 
`` We are n't forced sellers . 
`` The bottom line is that he is a very genuine and decent guy , '' says Malcolm Hoenlein , a Jewish community leader . 
Estimates on how much pulp prices will fall next year currently run between $ 150 and $ 250 a metric ton . 
A year ago , when almost nothing was happening amid these desolate dunes , `` you 'd spend two days working and two days in the yard , '' he recalls . 
He says Digital will target faster-growing market segments such as on-line transaction processing , which includes retail-sales tracking , airline reservations and bank-teller networks . 
In the report , two molecular biologists suggest such embryo diagnosis can be used by couples at high risk of passing a genetic defect to a child . 
Analysts say rallies in the group historically have lifted the market , while weakness in the sector often sank unlisted share prices broadly . 
Trading in Hang Seng index futures remains crippled by the experience . 
He said the independent power segment could grow to provide as much as 50 % of near-term generation capacity , adding : `` We expect to supply a significant share of this market . '' 
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . '' 
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million . 
Company officials , holders and analysts who previously expected the disposals to be substantially complete by the end of next year 's first half now say the market gyrations could delay the actions well into the second half . 
The Babelists of the United Nations are experts at obfuscation . 
Mr. Stone thought the discipline was unfair ; he believed that his manager wanted to get rid of him for personal reasons . 
Exxon claims that use of dispersants , which break an oil slick into microscopic droplets , was a crucial part of its immediate-response plan and that state officials banned their use during the two days of fair weather following the spill . 
Many resorts also are focusing more on the service side of their business . 
At the core of all this stands a hotel . 
It does n't have an internal floppy disk drive , although a snap-on drive can be purchased separately . 
Undoubtedly Mr. Bush will be praised by some Latin leaders prone to pay lip service to nonintervention , while they privately encourage more assertive U.S. action to remove Gen. Manuel Noriega and safeguard their countries from a Sandinista onslaught . 
That , says Warner 's Mr. Rabinowitz , is `` a total 100 % lie . '' 
The tremendous energy of the quake was dissipated by the distance , so that most parts of the valley and the major cities suffered largely cosmetic damage -- broken windows , falling brick and cornices , buckled asphalt or sidewalks . 
Equities tumbled at the opening as Tuesday 's gyrations on Wall Street , where the Dow Jones Industrial Average recovered most of an 80-point loss , fueled fears of another stock market crash , brokers said . 
Although the half-hour situation comedy seen Mondays at 9:30 p.m . Eastern and Pacific time is n't a candidate for cancellation , it is slated for fine-tuning and by next week the network may announce `` Teddy Z '' is moving to 8:30 p.m. from its 9:30 time slot , replacing `` The People Next Door , '' which became the first network show to be canceled this season . 
For starters , racehorse buyers have to remember the basic problem of such ventures : These beasts do n't come with warranties . 
The Red Cross does n't track contributions raised by the disaster ads , but it has amassed $ 46.6 million since it first launched its hurricane relief effort Sept. 23 . 
The 10.48 % yield represents a spread to the 20-year Treasury of 2.45 percentage points . 
Glenn Hall contributed to this article . 
Mr. Baker says he has personally bested more than 50 haunts , from aliens to poltergeists . 
Furthermore , the regulatory maneuvering behind First Interstate 's loss suggests regulators have concluded that lenders ' reserves are far too low to absorb their future Arizona losses and are forcing bankers to do something about it . 
Control Data , based in Minneapolis , Minn. , expects its sales of Mips systems , including the new RC6280 , to amount to more than $ 100 million by the end of 1991 , Mips said . 
Seventeen percent reported their customers being robbed . 
Hewlett-Packard said it will sell versions later next year that run on Sun Microsystems Inc. and Digital Equipment Corp. machines . 
`` The volume and profit impact on our fiscal first quarter will not be positive , but looking at the whole fiscal year , we do n't see the effect as material , '' wrote Mr. Finkelstein . 
Insiders have been selling shares in Dun & Bradstreet Corp. , the huge credit-information concern . 
The union represents about 28,000 engineers and technical workers . 
American Petrofina Inc. , a Dallas-based integrated oil company , yesterday said its third-quarter earnings declined by more than half . 
He had been associate professor in the department of finance at Seton Hall University . 
Sales for the year rose almost 15 % to $ 1.34 billion from $ 1.17 billion last year . 
The so-called poison pill took effect Aug. 9 pending ratification by holders . 
Revised terms call for each Ramada common share to be exchanged for $ 1 in cash , subject to possible reduction , and one share of Aztar common stock . 
Finnish government officials are negotiating with creditors of Waertsilae Marine Oy , a major shipyard that filed for bankruptcy protection this week , amid confusion and mounting doubts that collapse of the nation 's entire shipbuilding industry can be averted . 
Manville and the trust are discussing the offer , but no decision has been made . 
Half of those surveyed said they simply walk these days for exercise . 
She has thrown extravagant soirees for crowds of people , but prefers more intimate gatherings . 
Results for the quarter included $ 19.2 million in pretax gains from property transactions , including the sale of one Embassy Suites hotel , and $ 3.5 million of nonrecurring costs associated with the acquisition of the Holiday Inn business by Bass . 
But David N. McCammon , vice president , finance , insisted that cost-cutting and tight production capacity will make results `` better in this downturn than in prior downturns , '' when Ford had net losses . 
For more than a decade , Mr. Etzioni , the sociologist , has been a leading critic of the masseurs . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Acting more than a year after Ms. Bertussi filed a complaint , the panel issued a `` letter of reproval '' saying Rep. Bates had admitted conduct that violated a House rule forbidding discrimination against employees on account of their sex . 
`` I think you have to give Greenspan a good rating . '' 
Flush with cash at home , but with fewer customers to lend to , leading banks are eager to expand overseas . 
But the EC reacted defiantly , arguing that the proposal 's main aim is to destroy the Common Agricultural Policy , the EC 's $ 28 billion-a-year price support program . 
The justices agreed to decide whether federal insurers can require LTV to take back responsiblilty for funding its $ 2.3 billion pension shortfall . 
If the market surges , holders can make that much more profit ; the leverage effectively acts as an interest-free margin account for investors . 
`` The industry has been waiting with bated breath for the machines to come along , '' says David Niles , president of Eleven Twenty Five Productions Inc. , a New York pioneer in high-definition programming . 
A.H. Belo Corp. said its net income was $ 3.1 million , or 15 cents a share , in the third quarter , more than four times its profit of $ 663,000 , or three cents a share , last year . 
For the first eight months of 1989 , thrifts ' withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 44.5 billion . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % six months ; 8 9\/16 % one year . 
For the survey , Peter D. Hart Research Associates asked some 2,000 consumers , including Mrs. Lombardi , whether they usually buy one brand of a certain type of product or have no brand loyalty . 
`` If we wanted to stage ` Death of a Salesman , ' `` Mr. Sagan says , `` Willie Loman would have to live in a ranch house because of the low ceiling . '' 
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug-related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far . 
More than half the users of 17 of the 25 products included in the survey said they 're brand switchers . 
Nokia said it will gain control over NKF Kabel by buying 51 % of the shares in NKF Holding N.V. , which owns NKF Kabel . 
The German stock index tumbled 26.29 to end at 
Business : Forest products and roofing 
Mr. Buffett 's firm , Berkshire Hathaway , holds a much bigger stake in the carrier than Mr. Steinhardt 's firm , Steinhardt Partners . 
Mr. Andersson insists that Trelleborg and Noranda have n't discussed a Falconbridge break-up . 
Rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue , which is non-callable for five years , will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co . 
Later , the judge went a step farther . 
But the shortages also spawned rampant speculation and spiraling prices . 
Such support usually comes from arbitragers who use a strong British pound to buy copper in New York . 
`` We suspected there was downtime built into our process . 
But there 's no danger of exposing sources and methods in disclosing the debate running up and down Pennsylvania Avenue . 
And after a decade of explosive job growth on Wall Street , a period of contraction is under way . 
Other makers of video controller equipment also were caught in the EGA-VGA shift , he said , `` but we were able to respond much more quickly . '' 
Though the trading halts are offered as a sign of concern about recent stock market volatility , most Wall Street firms remain open to handle program trading for customers . 
The judge said that if the FBI 's proposed schedule was followed in releasing the documents , `` a delay of over one year will have occurred and plaintiff will have served approximately two-thirds of his 3 1\/2-year minimum sentence by the time he receives the files . '' 
Conversely , strong consumer spending in the U.S. two years ago helped propel the local economy at more than twice its current rate . 
People on fixed incomes get a break at Espre ; over 55 wins a 45 % discount at Anaheim Imperial Health Spa . 
`` We 'd like to do business in America , '' he says . 
Litigation Sciences concedes that in one in 20 cases it was flatout wrong in its predictions . 
The rate , which banks charge each other on overnight loans , is considered an early signal of changes in Fed policy . 
In 1988 , for the first time , economic growth came to a dead stop . 
$ 100 million of 8 5\/8 % bonds due Nov. 1 , 1993 priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 8.74 % annually less full fees , via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd . 
Parsow Partnership Ltd. and Elkhorn Partners L.P. said they may seek proposals from third parties relating to a sale or restructuring of CACI International Inc . 
More troubling for Mr. Dinkins is his record in personal accounting . 
MACMILLAN BLOEDEL Ltd. said it borrowed 215 million Dutch guilders ( US$ 102 million ) from a group of Dutch institutional investors . 
They would then develop priorities by identifying the least painful program cuts as they moved from higher to lower budgets . 
Four people torched three U.S. flags on the central steps of the U.S. Capitol in a bid to test a new federal law protecting the American flag from desecration . 
But success overseas in unfamiliar markets could be trickier than for other industries such as manufacturers . 
Labor costs continued to rise more rapidly in service industries than in goods-producing industries , the report showed . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. was awarded an $ 11.5 million Navy contract for oceanographic services . 
Unisys posted a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter as it moved quickly to take write-offs for various problems and prepare for a turnaround . 
Now 48 years old , Ms. Volokh has definite ideas about what she wants . 
At least not when you are ascending . ) 
They have laid out about $ 1 billion for so-called baccalaureate zero-coupon municipal bonds -- so far offered by Connecticut , Illinois , Virginia and eight other states . 
`` In terms of coverage , it was a disaster equal to the earthquakes , '' said Eric Premner , president for broadcasting of King Broadcasting Co. , which owns the NBC affiliate in Seattle , Wash . 
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait-and-see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign-currency market and New York stocks , traders said . 
The biggest change in Northeast 's offer was in improvements made for equity holders who had been given short shrift previously . 
Quotron Systems Inc. , a Citicorp unit , blamed the 30-minute foul-up on `` a timing problem in our software '' caused by the enormous early volume -- about 145 million shares in the first hour of New York Stock Exchange trading . 
A majority of old contracts were renegotiated by the deadline and settled at steep discounts . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 9.86 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Jim Beam Brands has a distribution partnership with Nikka Whiskey Co. , a distiller . 
Insurers face the prospect of paying out billions of dollars for damages caused by this week 's California earthquake . 
Chinese and foreign economists now predict prolonged stagflation : low growth and high inflation . 
With newly installed escalators , the store retains its signature wood-and-brass look but is less intimidating . 
But analysts said the rebound did n't remove the cautious mood from the market . 
Marlin Fitzwater , White House press secretary , also asserted that Mr. Agnos had failed to return telephone calls from John Sununu , White House chief of staff . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Merck shares closed at $ 75.25 , up 50 cents . 
The association said it would monitor the conduct of lawyers and warned that solicitation of business is unethical . 
White , 24 years old , a singer in her church choir , she symbolizes a generation that gave its heart and its vote to Ronald Reagan . 
National Intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 50 % interest in National Steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations . 
The suit was filed by plaintiffs ' securities lawyer Richard D. Greenfield in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia . 
Last month , Mercedes-Benz executives approached state revenue officials complaining about bad press , the commissioner said . 
Some frantically dumped belongings into pillowcases , others threw goods out windows . 
Net for the quarter was $ 62.8 million , or 73 cents a share , down from $ 64.9 million , or 72 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Mediobanca said during the weekend that it agreed to sell the shares back to Giovanni Agnelli for 333 billion lire . 
Supermarkets are getting into the variety act , too . 
`` The company will not budge on anything , '' said a spokesman for the union . 
However , he stressed that the improvement depends on a continued reduction in smoking . 
A source close to Carl Icahn , a corporate raider who owns Trans World Airlines Inc. , said he has n't owned any UAL stock and is n't buying . 
Instead , they could turn to investing in smaller deals involving smaller companies , he says . 
Last Monday , he started `` buying the high-quality growth companies that people were throwing away at discount prices . '' 
`` Whenever corporate profits are weak that means capital spending is going to soften subsequently , '' Mr. Harris said . 
Investors poured $ 2.8 billion more into money-market mutual funds in the latest week despite further declines in yields . 
Still , he says that only a few of the quake-related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help . 
David Garth , Mayor Koch 's longtime media adviser , says of Mr. Dinkins , `` He really is the personification of the patronage system . 
This film attempts to show a side rarely seen in our media . 
The Miami fast-food chain , owned by Grand Metropolitan of Britain , expects to consume roughly 34 million pounds of liquefied eggs annually . 
Mr. Runkel says he doubts Mr. Kennedy can muster enough congressional support to reorganize the Justice Department . 
Although the second-largest computer maker had prepared Wall Street for a poor quarter , analysts said they were troubled by signs of flat U.S. orders and a slowdown in the rate of gain in foreign orders . 
This wo n't happen until strategists come down from their ivory tower and learn to work in the real world of limited budgets and uncertain futures . 
`` People will learn to be more circumspect . 
Industrial production declined 0.1 % in September , reinforcing other signs that the manufacturing sector continues its slowing trend . 
`` This is fun , '' asserted Susan Del Signore , head equity trader at Travelers Investment Management Co . 
So IBM will be announcing more than 50 products that will be aimed at letting even the dumbest machine tool talk to the smartest mainframe , or anything in between . 
Earthquake 's Damage 
`` If you have both { labor } groups on strike , you 've got no revenue and that 's a very scary thing for a bank to be looking at . '' 
Nissan 's decades-old corporate song filled with references to Mount Fuji has been scrapped in favor of a snappy tune sung by a popular Japanese vocalist . 
Alltel Corp. said it will acquire the 55 % of Pond Branch Telephone Company Inc. 's cellular franchise that it does n't own already . 
Silicon Graphics Inc. 's first-quarter profit rose sharply to $ 5.2 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 1 million , or six cents a share , a year ago . 
While Mr. Roderick was reared in the shadows of Pittsburgh 's smoking mills , Mr. Corry grew up in Cincinnati , a city nicknamed `` Porkapolis '' and more accustomed to pork chops than pig iron . 
Eliot Savings Bank lost 7\/8 to 1 5\/8 after reporting that it had a $ 4.8 million loss in the latest third quarter mostly because of loan-loss provisions . 
Ponce Federal said the dividend was suspended in anticipation of more stringent capital requirements under the Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery , and Enforcement Act of 1989 . 
Through a separate agreement between Peter Dauchy , president , and a group of selling shareholders , the company said , Mr. Dauchy will on Oct. 30 buy 231,405 shares from the group , boosting his stake to about 717,000 shares , or 50.7 % of the total after the buy-back . 
General Universal Stores , another top-tier stock hit recently by concerns over retail demand in the face of high interest rates , gained 20 to # 10.44 . 
Scott Black , a value-oriented money manager who heads Delphi Management Inc. , points out that for those who invest on fundamentals , `` the value of a stock from day to day does n't change all that much . '' 
Mr. Percival declined to comment . 
The drop in those and other technology stocks contributed to an 0.7 % slide by the Nasdaq composite index . 
But his chance to become deputy mayor under Mayor Abraham Beame , a plan boosted by Mr. Sutton , was squandered because of Mr. Dinkins 's failure -- still largely unexplained -- to file income tax returns for four years running . 
This is the way government is supposed to work , with politicians taking responsibility for votes that their constituents can identify , instead of concealing them in the great reconciliation garbage truck . 
He is also accused of lying under oath and of leaking information obtained from a wiretap he supervised . 
For the rest of 1989 , Mr. Hagen said , Conrail 's traffic and revenue `` will reflect the sluggish economy , but Conrail will continue to take steps to control and reduce costs . '' 
The maker of telecommunications management systems had 6,420,268 shares outstanding as of Sept. 30 . 
`` It 's not a blanket commitment , it 's a case-by-case situation , '' says Albert Disposti , a managing director of Merrill Lynch Money Markets Inc . 
The Bush administration has at its disposal $ 273 million in funds remaining from the $ 1.1 billion Congress released for the cleanup after Hurricane Hugo . 
Kevin Logan , chief economist with the Swiss Bank Corp. , said that both PPI and CPI climbed around 4 1\/2 % year-to-year in September . 
And because of the early settlement , the three-month bills actually have a 93-day maturity , and the six-month bills have an 184-day maturity . 
The CIA 's Deputy Director of Operations , Richard Stoltz , tried to smooth things over a few days later , but instead simply underlined Mr. Webster 's point . 
`` The mountain bike feels as comfortable as the ` paperboy ' bike you had as a kid , but it can do so much more , '' he says . 
So the U.S. found itself paying about $ 2 billion in baksheesh to various Arab potentates for basing rights around the Indian Ocean . 
His advice : Do n't panic . 
Margin requirements for speculators on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange are currently about 7 % . 
In an interview , Mr. Krat said that based on criteria yet to be determined , he expects to distribute 49 % of Royal Alliance to the representatives , who sell Integrated 's insurance and mutual-fund products . 
Lilly shares closed yesterday in composite trading on the Big Board at $ 62.25 , down 12.5 cents . 
In 1985 , a new price index for computers adjusted for changes in performance characteristics was introduced , and that resulted in a significantly larger increase in real outlays for durable goods than the earlier estimates had showed . 
Kathie Huff , a respondent in the Journal survey from Spokane , Wash. , says her husband is adamant about eating only Hunt 's ketchup . 
No such statement appears on the tapes . 
The electronics concern said it already has paid $ 2 million of the settlement to National Semiconductor , Santa Clara , Calif. , and will pay the remaining $ 1 million in equal installments over the next eight quarters . 
Its fast-food restaurants -- including Denny 's , Hardee 's , Quincy 's and El Pollo Loco ( `` the only significant fast-food chain to specialize in char-broiled chicken '' ) -- are stable , recession-resistant and growing . 
What with Halloween coming and bigger defense cuts looming , more and more Pentagon bureaucrats are crawling under their desks . 
GM is expected to inject roughly # 200 million ( $ 316 million ) by acquiring some Jaguar shares , and then win Jaguar management 's promise of an eventual 30 % stake . 
The retailer said the securities are expected to be rated triple-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. and Aaa by Moody 's Investors Service Inc . 
The electronics industry is closely following the Dellums bill . 
FEDERAL COURTS URGED to cut costs and reduce delays of civil suits . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Thursday , gold was quoted at $ 368.24 an ounce . 
And as it unfolds , it 's revealing some of the more tangled and seamier aspects of Japanese society . 
In its suit , the attorney general 's office alleges that brokers encouraged members of the treasurer 's office to engage in high-volume , high-risk transactions that benefited the brokers . 
Warner has filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against Sony and the Guber-Peters duo , who in turn are countersuing Warner for trying to interfere in Sony 's acquisition of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. and Guber Peters Entertainment Co. in two transactions valued at over $ 5 billion . 
The defense won . 
Instead of castling , a standard measure to safeguard the king , D.T. made a second-rate rook maneuver at move 13 ; then it put a knight offside on move 16 . 
`` It is important to the cable industry that we have a vibrant and competitive pay-television marketplace , '' Mr. Malone said in a statement . 
Whittle has met some resistance . 
In addition , under the highway-relief program , the federal government provides 100 % of emergency highway aid for only the first 90 days of a repair effort . 
Fees 1 3\/8 . 
They showed up , but did n't -- or could n't -- challenge . 
There have been rumblings that , at long last , changes may be in the works . 
Stocks : Volume 135,860,000 shares . 
One 60-second TV spot features a diverse group of skiers gracefully gliding down sun-drenched slopes : senior citizens , minorities , families with children -- even a blind skier . 
But Home Depot Inc. , an Atlanta-based home center chain , objected when Mr. Vila started doing commercial endorsements for Rickel Home Centers , a New Jersey building supply company that competes with Home Depot in some markets . 
The women indicated which family member usually did various household chores and the approximate share each did . 
But Mr. Corr , a stunt pilot in his spare time , was understood to be frustrated by what he regarded as limited freedom under Mr. Lorenzo . 
In advising the UAL board on the various bids for the airline , starting with one for $ 240 a share from Mr. Davis , the investment bank of First Boston came up with a wide range of potential values for the company , depending on appraisal methods and assumptions . 
Japanese researchers have bred dozens of strains of Fujis to hone its color , taste and shelf life . 
For the nine months , Norton had net of $ 81.2 million , or $ 3.87 a share , and a tax credit of $ 4.4 million . 
Of Morgan Stanley 's 66.8 million shares in program trades for the month , 53.1 million were in stock-index arbitrage trades . 
`` You could still have some very bad times ahead , '' said Mr. Bachmann . 
The trust is n't commenting on when it might need to liquefy its Manville stock . 
Next spring , nearly 30 % of its suits will have pleated pants , compared with virtually none a couple of years ago . 
Then , two days before receiving an endorsement from environmental groups , Mr. Dinkins promised he would issue a three-year moratorium on construction of garbage-incinerator plants . 
This happens because the FAA does n't have any rules on duty time for flight attendants ; by contrast , it strictly restricts duty time for pilots and air traffic controllers , usually to a maximum of 10 consecutive hours . 
And some even do it with malice aforethought . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Corry , once named chief executive , did n't waste any time distancing himself from his former boss , who still has an office on the 62nd floor of the USX tower in Pittsburgh . 
The most important development in Mr. Gorbachev 's policy for marginalizing the opposition movement is the claim that the U.S.S.R. also suffers from terrorism . 
Mr. Brooks declined to give his age , but he said his leaving is a normal retirement . 
And Japan Air Lines said it plans to boost its rates a further 25 % over the next two years . 
The department also said it seeks `` three times the government 's damages , which are presently undetermined , plus penalties . '' 
2 . Provide better incentives . 
Among major issues , Government National Mortgage Association 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 98 12\/32 , down 8\/32 point for a yield of about 9.35 % to a 12-year average life assumption . 
This was too much for James Oakes , the court 's chief judge . 
The study , by the CFTC 's division of economic analysis , shows that `` a trade is a trade , '' a member of the study team said . 
The true budgetary cost of a credit subsidy is the discounted value of the net costs to government . 
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per-capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore . 
`` There 's a 99 % chance that the Fantasy will be delivered close to schedule , '' said Caroline Levy , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The tab even covers $ 8 million in commitment fees owed to Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , even though their failure to obtain $ 7.2 billion in bank loans for the buy-out was the main reason for its collapse . 
Then she discovered that Quotron Systems Inc. 's Sacramento lines were down , because they are normally tied in through a system that goes through San Francisco . 
Governors have found that they have to use the device sparingly to maintain political comity . 
It 's a tough thing when you ca n't . 
Limited partner Billy Salomon , whose family name had been on the firm 's door for 70 years and who had hoped it would be there forever , was not consulted . 
Daily output is expected to decline by at least another 500,000 barrels next year . 
As their varied strategies suggest , there is more than one way to respond to a disaster -- though it 's too soon to tell whether the changes will pay off . 
The combined buying rallied the Dow into a small gain , before closing at a slight loss . 
Guy F. Atkinson added 7\/8 to 16 7\/8 , on 335,700 shares . 
The securities are rated triple-A by Moody 's and Duff & Phelps Inc . 
Volume totaled 8,930,000 shares . 
But many predicted that the commercial disruption would be short-lived . 
The suit seeks unspecified damages . 
RJR Nabisco agreed to sell three candy businesses to Nestle for $ 370 million . 
Freddie Mac 's 9 1\/2 % issue was quoted at 99 20\/32 , up 3\/32 from Monday . 
And , because China 's leaders have abandoned plans to drastically reform the economy , it is likely to continue , analysts say . 
Most of the cases have been in California , where one agent was stabbed and another was shot and killed . 
Many delegates were willing to craft a compromise , but U.S. delegate Constance Harriman and others thundered that down . 
So far , investors have n't shown much appetite for Refcorp 's initial bond offering . 
But he said it wo n't climb further and he expects it to remain in a trading range between $ 1.10 and $ 1.25 . 
Depositary shares are convertible into common stock on a 1-to-1 basis . 
Also yesterday , Ashok Patel , a former Par official who pleaded guilty to providing an FDA employee an illegal gratuity of $ 3,000 , was sentenced by a federal judge in Baltimore to one year of community service and a $ 150,000 fine . 
Separately , Warner reported a net loss of $ 106 million , or 56 cents a share , including merger expenses of $ 100 million and $ 120 million in charges associated with stock-appreciation-based compensation plans . 
`` My feeling is { Cathay does n't } have a hope in the long run , '' says an analyst , who declines to be identified . 
But persuading investors to buy bonds may be especially tough this week , when the U.S. government will auction more than $ 30 billion of new securities . 
He added that the U.S. has cut off aid to some rebel units when it was determined that those units broke the cease-fire . 
The local government is discredited in the eyes of many residents for a variety of reasons , and congressmen read the same newspapers and watch the same TV newscasts as other people in the area do . 
`` There will still be deals , '' argues Mr. Connolly . 
Carat 's Gross brothers invented the idea of large-scale buying of media space . 
Under the committee bill , the Transportation secretary would have 30 days , and an additional 20 days if needed , to review any proposed purchase of 15 % or more of a major U.S. airline 's voting stock . 
A huge production system built in the sea off Santa Barbara and ashore is sitting idle . 
Tokyo stocks , which rebounded strongly Tuesday , extended their gains yesterday , but most other Asian and Pacific markets closed sharply lower . 
For each poll , the odds are 19 out of 20 that if pollsters had sought to survey every household in the U.S. using the same questionnaire , the findings would differ from these poll results by no more than 2 1\/2 percentage points in either direction . 
Seldom have House hearings caused so much apprehension in the Senate , where California Sen. Cranston and four other senators were already writhing in the glare of unfavorable publicity over the alleged looting of Lincoln by their friend and political benefactor , Charles Keating Jr. , principal stockholder of Lincoln 's parent company , American Continental Corp. of Phoenix , Ariz . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3377.43 , off 
San Francisco Bay area officials said nine people remain missing in the aftermath of last week 's earthquake . 
Baker nonetheless remains furious both at Shamir , for backing down on the elections , and at Shamir 's rival , Peres , for political ineptitude in forcing a premature cabinet vote on Baker 's plan . 
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . '' 
\* Actual performance , not annualized 
Mr. Krenz almost certainly will be a younger version of Erich Honecker , his rigid predecessor as dictator . 
And it is n't even clear that some pork-barrel projects can be hit with a line-item veto because they tend to be listed in informal conference reports accompanying spending bills rather than in the official bills themselves . 
The issue was offered at a yield nearly one percentage point above the yield on two-year Treasurys . 
I think the reason is that you are confusing tax `` rates '' with tax `` payments . '' 
In an interview , Mr. Hogan said the subsidiary 's primary mission will be to make movies for TNT and to distribute them internationally . 
New Hyundai Campaign 
Casinos today offer bowling alleys , water parks , golf courses , tennis courts , lush swimming pools and other diversions , and more such facilities are being designed . 
But as advertisers latch onto disasters with increasing frequency , they risk hurting themselves as much as helping the cause . 
NO , YOU WORK ! 
But East Germany is merely `` the land of truly existing socialism . '' 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Inland closed yesterday at $ 35.875 a share , down $ 1 . 
Some insurers have also started offering `` persistency bonuses , '' such as extra dividends or a marginally higher interest yield , if the policy is maintained for 10 years . 
Estee Lauder Inc. , Revlon Inc. and other cosmetics houses traditionally have considered themselves fashion enterprises whose product development is guided by the creative intuition of their executives . 
In magazines , higher advertising revenues at Sports Illustrated and Fortune were offset by lower ad revenue for other major magazines . 
Ordinarily in genetic engineering each of these genes , minus the one that caused the virulence , would have been transferred to another bacterium , called E. coli , which would then produce a nonvirulent version of the toxin . 
But no matter how much Japan gets under our skin , we 'll still have mom and apple pie . 
The carpets wo n't be glued down , and walls will be coated with nontoxic finishes . 
Chrysler will idle a Toledo assembly plant temporarily due to slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles . 
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said . 
That brought the average 's cumulative gain this week to about 114 points . 
The spokesman noted four-hour to five-hour traffic delays on the San Mateo bridge , for example . 
Clarcor , a maker of packaging and filtration products , said the two companies could n't agree on terms of a definitive agreement . 
When Thomas W. Wathen went big league last year , he acquired a treasure-trove of Americana along with a well-known but ailing security business : Pinkerton 's Inc . 
It will be Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major 's first appearance before the opposition Labor Party . 
But maintaining the key components of his strategy -- a stable exchange rate and high level of imports -- will consume enormous amounts of foreign exchange . 
Harold W. Smith Sr. , chairman of Webster , will become chairman emeritus and a director of the new company . 
Although many investors were aware that a bond offering was being scheduled , many expected a much smaller amount of bonds to be sold . 
Hughes Aircraft Co. , a unit of General Motors Corp. , got a $ 10.3 million Air Force contract for airborne-radar equipment . 
`` I thought { the drawing } a cross between someone you 'd spot whipping open his trench coat ... or a guy who boasted he 'd been Charles Manson 's roommate for the last 19 years , '' he said . 
These turns do not provide sufficient relief from sentences like , `` Most modern chelicerates have six uniramous appendages on the prosoma . '' 
Politics also influences the government 's thinking on the anti-takeover restriction . 
Some service boats recently were auctioned for about $ 1.7 million each , up from less than $ 1 million two years ago . 
`` Teddy Z , '' which centers on a mailroom clerk-turned agent at a Hollywood talent agency , was scheduled in the coveted 9:30 p.m. slot to follow `` Murphy Brown , '' a situation comedy about a television news magazine , starring Candice Bergen . 
`` It 's been a bad month money-wise and every other way , '' said Sally Stewart , a spokeswoman for the Red Cross . 
White Females 
But the spokesman added that while Michael will earn less than last year 's $ 1.20 a share , it thinks Street estimates of $ 1 or so are low . ) 
Anti-union pilots have held ballot-burning parties . 
The two offerings bring Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 31 billion and its total volume to $ 43.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
`` While I 'm pleased the FDA is finally releasing AZT for children , it 's taken much too long to get to this point , '' said Rep. Ted Weiss . 
Right now , Mr. Hulings is waving his racing program , cheering for Karnak on the Nile , a sleek thoroughbred galloping down the home stretch . 
The network had been expected to have losses of as much as $ 20 million on baseball this year . 
But by Mr. Granville 's count , 493 issues were within one point of such lows . 
If all goes well , the product will be rolled out for national sales sometime next year , a Coke spokesman said . 
Quarter revenue rose 44 % to $ 160.1 million from $ 111.2 million a year ago . 
Giant yellow cranes were wheeled up alongside the collapsed segment , preparing to lift off chunks of the debris . 
A separate study of the extent of employee misconduct linked general job satisfaction to property loss . 
The case for owning stocks over the long-term is compelling . 
Nowhere in the federal securities law is simple negligence or inadvertent action a source of liability under similar circumstances . 
Most other states have enacted similar bans . 
Meanwhile , the exchange has been trying to lower costs . 
Housing and Urban Development 's budget is $ 17 billion . 
Caltrans reinforced the highway in 1977 as part of a $ 55 million statewide project , using steel cables to tie the decks of the freeway to the columns and prevent the structure from swaying in a quake . 
Moreover , there are questions , particularly among atmospheric scientists who know this subject best , about the ability of anyone to know what in fact is happening to the ozone layer . 
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says . 
It is also pulling 20 people out of Puerto Rico , who were helping Huricane Hugo victims , and sending them to San Francisco instead . 
Isaac Hersly , 41 years old , was elected president and chief operating officer of this designer and marketer of graphics , video , cable and other television-related equipment . 
Only four months have passed since the Beijing massacre , and few are prepared to predict its ultimate impact . 
Early yesterday , bonds rose as investors rushed to buy Treasury securities on the prospect that stocks would plummet in the aftermath of the massive California earthquake . 
`` The implication of an unsettled situation is that the thing could drop dramatically , '' says Henry Linsert Jr. , chairman of Martek Corp. , a four-year-old biotechnology company that is planning a private placement of stock . 
Profits from U.S. exploration and production operations totaled $ 58 million , after the property sale loss , compared with a year-earlier $ 44 million loss that included a $ 16 million reorganization charge . 
According to the suit , Mr. Peterson has yet to return the plaintiffs ' investment . 
In a paper presented at the recent annual meeting of the National Association of Business Economists in San Francisco , Mr. Durkin comments that `` installment credit always grows rapidly in cyclical advances , and growth in this cycle is very typical of earlier experiences . '' 
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex-accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either . 
British Airways PLC , a crucial participant in the proposed buy-out of UAL Corp. , washed its hands of the current efforts to revive a bid for the parent of United Airlines . 
`` But she was always encouraging . 
Among companies mentioned by analysts as possible counterbidders for Nekoosa are International Paper , Weyerhaeuser , Canadian Pacific Ltd. and MacMillan Bloedel Ltd . 
Dr. Lourie says the Justice Department interviewed him last July . 
Meanwhile , the U.S. House of Representatives yesterday approved an $ 837.5 million aid package for Poland and Hungary that more than doubles the amount President Bush had requested . 
The university had sought an injunction blocking Connaught 's board from recommending or supporting an offer for the company by Merieux . 
If the judge is impeached , as is thought likely , he will be removed from office immediately . 
Since then , Eastern has been negotiating with creditors over revisions , but the creditors committee has been having problems with the revisions . 
The FDA already requires drug manufacturers to include warnings with insulin products that symptoms of hypoglycemia are less pronounced with human insulin than with animal-based products . 
But General Motors dropped 1 7\/8 to 44 7\/8 . 
The thrift said earnings also were nicked in the quarter by a $ 4 million provision for losses associated with its previously reported plan to liquidate a real-estate franchise network . 
The next time you hear a Member of Congress moan about the deficit , consider what Congress did Friday . 
The U.S. Export-Import Bank tentatively decided to guarantee commercial bank financing for the purchase of two Boeing Co. 767 airliners by Avianca , Colombia 's international airline , at a cost of about $ 150 million . 
Sterling was already showing some signs of a lack of confidence in Mr. Lawson 's promise Friday . 
He says the strike-force lawyers will work more efficiently under the supervision of U.S. attorneys . 
Years later , with cash from the sale of the insurance company , he founded Arkoma Production Corp. , an oil and gas exploration company based in Little Rock . 
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans . 
Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . 
`` The magazine is strong . 
Bell Resources is acquiring Bond 's brewing businesses for 2.5 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 1.9 billion ) . 
Beghin-Say S.A. said that it plans to sell its remaining paper operations by the end of January as part of a drive to refocus on the food sector and lower its debt . 
In his old job , as Dade County chief , Mr. Fernandez forced out 92 teachers and reshuffled 48 principals . 
In `` Mastergate , '' Mr. Gelbart has provided us not just one but two commodities that have all but disappeared from the Broadway theater : sharp political satire and an even sharper appreciation of the value of language . 
Toyota wants to sell about 49,000 Lexus LS400 sedans next year in the U.S. alone . 
The guilty pleas would be made solely by Gulf Power , the individuals said . 
Equally importantly , the treasury secretary has spearheaded the administration effort to bring the U.S. dollar down by shopping avidly for West German marks and Japanese yen . 
In addition , he says , `` longer maturities on automobile and other forms of installment credit boost the stock of debt faster than the flow of repayments and the accompanying payment burden . '' 
That temptation must be put aside to permit careful consideration of all the implications , positive and negative , of the proposed resolutions to those problems , and to avoid creating a marketplace where no one trades . 
At Pacific Telesis Group , flextime is left up to individual working groups , because some of the telephone company 's employees must be on-site during normal business hours , a spokeswoman says . 
And Georgia-Pacific could save money in selling pulp , because the company uses its own sales organization while Nekoosa employs higher-cost agents . 
About 200,000 East Germans marched in Leipzig and thousands more staged protests in three other cities in a fresh challenge to the Communist leadership to introduce democratic freedoms . 
It has a long shelf life and `` does n't fool the public , '' says Grady Auvil , an Orondo , Wash. , grower who is planting Fujis and spreading the good word about them . 
SMYRNA , Ga. -- 
On the suit by the limited partners , he says he is considering a defamation suit against the plaintiffs . 
Step 2 will answer the question : What happens if these increases do not materialize ? 
The company said it also is making progress in negotiating the buy-out of its design division by management . 
So would someone recently divorced or widowed . 
He said the Chaos Computer Club , of West Germany , once managed to invade SPAN and do such things as change the value of pi , messing up some calculations . 
`` Wall Street thinks of everything in terms of money , '' says Tom Gallagher , a senior Oppenheimer & Co. trader . 
Now it says it 'll trim another 1,200 jobs over the next three to four years . 
The CFTC may take those arguments into account by allowing exceptions to its restrictions . 
Dillon Read 's Ms. Stark said in early afternoon that she was still viewing prices and other data as subject to verification , and she said portfolio managers continued to question the numbers they saw on the screen . 
Most of that increase came in the first hour after the phone lines opened at 8 a.m . 
The portfolio currently includes $ 95 million in receivables , GE Capital said . 
Although the proposal , authored by Mr. Packwood and Sen. William Roth ( R. , Del. ) , appears to have general backing by Republicans , their votes are n't sufficient to pass it . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : ( Net Loss : 7 cents share ) vs. net income : 51 cents a share 
Most companies still are trying to sort through the wreckage caused by Hurricane Hugo in the Carolinas last month . 
It had profit of $ 48.6 million , or $ 2.46 a share , in the 1988 period . 
No amount of hype will bring viewers back if the shows are weak . 
Many people here expect a room-rate war as the new projects open . 
And Gorky , considered the father of Soviet socialist realism , did not write plays that easily lend themselves to deliberately antirealistic distancing techniques . 
The results include record quarterly earnings of $ 76 million from Chrysler Financial Corp . 
The offering included $ 550 million of 12 % senior subordinated debentures due 2001 and $ 200 million of zero coupon liquid yield option notes due 2004 . 
The 120-day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday . 
The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. , where federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar that if the founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc. is indicted , the government may move to seize the money that Mr. Antar is using to pay legal fees . 
On Capitol Hill , though , there does n't seem to be sufficient sentiment to pair capital gains and the deficit-reduction bill . 
But for those Californians who want exotic gardens out front where neighbors can appreciate them , there 's always Harold Smith 's approach . 
At the moment , however , the painting is a nagging reminder of the problems that have engulfed CenTrust and its flamboyant chairman and chief executive , David L. Paul . 
When Dreyfus started the first advertising-backed retail fund in February 1974 , it was priced at $ 10 a share ( and reached $ 1 billion in assets in one year . ) 
Authorities in Hawaii said the wreckage of a missing commuter plane with 20 people aboard was spotted in a remote valley on the island of Molokai . 
Takeover-stock traders , stung by their huge losses in UAL stock , remained eager for some action by an outside catalyst following the collapse Oct. 13 of a $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion labor-management buy-out . 
`` I tried . '' 
The third part , consisting of $ 18.5 million of 12 1\/8 % secured equipment certificates due April 15 , 1996 , was priced at 85.60 with a yield to maturity of 15.75 % . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters refuse to concede that they may have made a tactical error in accepting the Sony offer before taking it up with Warner . 
A computer with the optical device will still cost $ 6,495 , but from now on Next will outfit every computer with a hard drive and supply one at no cost to those who have already bought Next machines . 
`` The tests indicate that dual and non-dual traders are similar in terms of the trade executions and liquidity they provide to the market , '' Mrs. Gramm told the Senate panel . 
Martin Marietta Corp. said it won a $ 38.2 million contract from the U.S. Postal Service to manufacture and install automated mail-sorting machines . 
Later it was performed on Radio Bremen in Germany , and then Lucinda Childs took it for one of her dance pieces . 
Most analysts do n't expect the new mainframes to begin contributing significantly to revenue before the fiscal first quarter , which begins next July 1 . 
Smaller liquor companies , such as Brown-Forman Corp. and American Brands Inc. of the U.S. , also are likely to be interested . 
During the same period , the company has sold about 1.6 billion guilders of assets . 
With a new day dawning on the sport , Mr. Jones does n't see a place for this sort of luxury . 
It said long-term interest rates , then above 9 % , could drop to 7 % by the end of 1989 , so bonds , which benefit from falling rates , would be a good buy . 
`` On the close '' can be added to many types of orders . 
Sen. Boren said , `` It 's time to stop bickering and work together to develop a clear and appropriate policy to help the country in the future . 
The Winter Games outlook also is mixed . 
Aluminum shipments of 329,600 metric tons were nearly equal to the year-earlier period , the company said . 
Long-debated proposals to simplify the more than 150 civil penalties and make them fairer and easier to administer are in the House tax bill . 
On an office wall of the Senate intelligence committee hangs a quote from Chairman David Boren , `` Do n't hold your ticket 'til the show 's over . '' 
Bond prices were barely higher . 
Brand loyalty was stronger among older consumers in the Journal survey . 
SEPARATED and divorced men and women are far more likely to be smokers than married persons , the Centers for Disease Control discovers ... . 
The Cypress reinforcement project itself was part of an annual effort to shore up structures believed vulnerable to earthquakes . 
Cable & Wireless PLC of Britain won the other license . 
For instance , the most popular index option is the S&P 100 option , commonly called the OEX . 
The decline reflected the expense of buying three magazines , lower earnings from the forest-products group , and what is proving to be a nagging major problem , continued declines in advertising linage at the New York Times , the company 's flagship daily newspaper . 
`` They always seem to come a bit later than you expect . 
Mr. Dillow said the data show the economy `` is still quite strong , '' but suggestions that much of the spending went on services rather than consumer goods should reduce fears of more import rises . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
But Mr. Giuliani , a celebrated prosecutor , has had difficulty switching from his crime-busting , finger-pointing mode to a political stance that suggests he might know something about running this big , troubled city . 
The Bank of England , on the other hand , had gold reserves that averaged about 30 % of its outstanding currency , and Bank of England notes were accepted throughout the world . 
Nissan instead has kept its new Stanza a bit smaller than that and cut the base price 6 % ; at $ 11,450 , Stanza prices start $ 749 below the predecessor model yet have a more-powerful engine . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
What I 'm trying to say to people is , it 's proper to worry about program trading , but it 's only a piece of the business . '' 
More stable industries were to build an economically viable infrastructure for the Moon movement in North America , as they had in Japan and South Korea . 
Until his labor can produce a profit in this dying and distorted system , even Solidarity 's sympathetic new government wo n't win him over . 
But since 1981 , Kirk Horse Insurance Inc. of Lexington , Ky. has grabbed a 20 % stake of the market . 
Phillips and Arco posted declines . 
Still , even the title raises questions about the author 's vision of her subject . 
Dow will own 60 % of the venture , with Eli Lilly holding the rest . 
The rest are split roughly between optimists who expect Hong Kong to hum along as before and pessimists who foresee irreparable chaos . 
`` Dave thought the country needed a strong U.S. Steel and , while Chuck agreed , he was more apt to say , ` Not at any cost to shareholders , ' '' a former executive says . 
And expect slower fastballs . 
About 9,800 technical workers , notably chemists and lawyers , were switched to non-union status . 
While Mideast crude imports were higher compared with year-earlier levels , they fell 18 % compared with August imports . 
Applied Solar Energy Corp. of City of Industry , Calif. , said it and its majority shareholder , American Cyanamid Co. , signed a non-binding letter of intent for the acquisition of Applied Solar by McDonnell Douglas Corp. for about $ 38 million . 
The investor will be out the cost of the put , which is called the `` premium , '' and this loss will reduce the stock-market profit . 
The Navy is ordering displays for its Aegis cruisers and the Army wants smaller versions for its Abrams battle tanks . 
An additional 500 million marks in credit-backing was promised by the West German state governments of Bavaria and Baden-Wuerttemberg . 
In fact , DLJ says , the company envisions capital expenses of about $ 180 million a year . 
By making a break from tradition , Brooks Brothers is seeking a delicate balance . 
You might be interested to know that baseball , not survival , appeared to be the first thought of most of the crowd of 60,000-odd that had gathered at Candlestick at 5:04 p.m. Tuesday , a half-hour before game time , when the quake struck . 
Lep Group and affiliates currently control 3,513,072 Profit Systems common shares , or 62.42 % , the filing said . 
In another setback yesterday , United 's machinist union asked the Treasury Department to investigate whether certain aspects of the original buy-out proposal violated tax laws . 
He also says CompuServe 's earnings continue to grow `` 20 % to 30 % a year '' in spite of tough competition from giants like Sears and IBM . 
`` They could be old or new , but they are magazines whose editorial quality needs to be improved . 
The southern unemployment rate rose to 21.3 % in July from 21.2 % in April and from 20.6 % a year earlier . 
Like other major American cities , the San Francisco -- Oakland area owes its current prosperity more to its infrastructure of fiber-optic cables linking thousands of computer terminals and telephones than to its location astride one of the world 's great natural harbors . 
Mr. Allday , an attorney in Midland , Texas , has been solicitor at the Interior Department . 
Its many lively stories include the Gutfreund-Postel holiday cheer imbroglio . 
That was borne out by the Justice Department 's decision '' to settle the case . 
DREYER'S GRAND ICE CREAM INC. , Oakland , ice cream maker , annual sales of $ 225 million , OTC , said it is delivering ice cream wherever roads are passable . 
But Maidenform officials say that after spending 24 years at Maidenform , Mr. Lesk , 48 , made it clear he wanted the top job . 
The consensus from the scientific community is that there is sufficient evidence to advise major policy changes . 
He said an altered license would be an `` embarrassment '' to teenagers and young adults and would act as a deterrant to drug use . 
In addition , the company called its 12 7\/8 % senior subordinated notes due 1994 , with an aggregate principal amount of $ 200 million , for redemption on Dec. 15 . 
The lists total $ 654.5 million . 
Bond investors paid close attention to comments by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan , who was testifying before a congressional hearing , but were n't able to extract many clues about the future course of the Fed 's monetary policy . 
Officials with the Pennsylvania Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , the arm of the state that investigates judicial misconduct , counter that they had no inkling of anything amiss in Ebensburg . 
Mr. Mason says he 's convinced the public still wants to invest in common stocks , even though they believe the deck is stacked against them . 
Bethlehem had little choice but to go with a European steelmaker , because its competitors already have tapped the Japanese and South Korean industry leaders , analysts noted . 
Ms. Moss said Ms. Levine secretly taped many conversations with her bosses at the Odeon in which they told her she was being fired as maitre 'd because she was pregnant . 
The basic problem of monetary policy , to which reform of the Fed should be addressed , is to prevent a recurrence of this experience . 
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed . 
But these days , large firms hire as many as 30 new associates a year , and it 's impossible to personally train everyone , says Joel Henning of Hildebrandt Inc. , a consulting firm that runs training classes . 
Mr. Donohoo faces as much as three years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine for the Superfund conviction and as much as one year in prison and a $ 100,000 fine for the violation of the Clean Air Act . 
World-wide sales of Warner-Lambert 's non-prescription health-care products , such as Halls cough tablets , Rolaids antacid , and Lubriderm skin lotion , increased 3 % to $ 362 million in the third quarter ; U.S. sales rose 5 % . 
Many money managers who trade stock actively have trouble consistently matching the S&P-500 's returns . 
There are gratuitous references to supposed romantic liaisons between Husker players and a low-level female university employee . 
These bacterial `` cousins '' ordinarily do n't make the toxin . 
She said her employer ca n't afford the rate increases , and she fears she wo n't find another job with a benefit plan covering her ailment . 
In short , the problem is not intra-administration disagreement , but preoccupation with the prospect that perestrokia might fail , and its political opponents will ask `` Who lost Gorbachev ? '' 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Sears shares closed at $ 40.50 , up 87.5 cents . 
`` We 're just seeing the beginning of a shift , '' Mr. Smith says . 
But the two-day trip still has managed to fuel controversy over his administration 's policies in Central America . 
But it 's likely that Sotheby 's will take a higher than usual commission , called an override , on the amount exceeding the guarantee . 
`` No one yet has shown the ability to manufacture these panels '' at commercial costs , says Zvi Yaniv , the president of Ovonic Imaging . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
`` Unions would have a profound effect on the whole culture of the company , '' says Bernard La Londe , a professor at Ohio State University at Columbus and a Federal consultant . 
Another described how tax-collection officials in Thanh Hoa province one night stormed through homes and confiscated rice from starving villagers . 
But a dollar invested in long-term bonds in 1926 would have grown to only $ 16.56 , and a dollar put in Treasury bills would equal a meager $ 9.29 . 
The partnership also includes American Express Co. , Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U.S. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Late Thursday , the Treasury said it needed to raise $ 17 billion quickly and would do so by issuing new securities this week . 
The group 's resilience gets its first test today when 30 top pilot union leaders convene outside Chicago in a previously scheduled meeting . 
Royal Business Group Inc. said it filed suit in federal court here charging Realist Inc. and its directors with violating federal securities laws `` by engaging in a scheme to prevent '' Royal from acquiring Realist . 
One advantage that federal officials have in handling earthquake relief is the large number of military facilities in the San Francisco Bay area , facilities that provide a ready base of supplies and workers . 
So the inner-city burial ground is trying to resurrect itself with a television advertising campaign . 
Part of the bridge collapsed in the quake , which registered 6.9 on the Richter scale . 
California Health Facilities Financing Authority -- $ 144.35 million of revenue bonds for Kaiser Permanente , due 19931999 , 2004 , 2008 , 2018 and 2019 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6.25 % in 1993 to 7.227 % in 2018 . 
Spiegel Inc. , citing continuing improvement in the apparel market , said third-quarter net income jumped 65 % from the soft year-earlier period , on an 11 % increase in revenue . 
Mary Poulin Palo Alto , Calif. 
He calls the contracts `` critical to winning in the NFL '' and has played his part in the bidding wars . 
Manufacturers have survived the turmoil in China largely unscathed . 
A BroadBeach spokeswoman said the company sold the stock in the open market and thus could n't identify the buyer or buyers . 
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts . 
`` Their opinion is devoid of the wisdom of the forefathers ' teaching regarding impeachment , '' Mr. Hastings said . 
When I saw the pictures of 880 and the Bay Bridge , I began to cry . 
A simultaneous announcement was made in Moscow . 
For example , we 'll bet you thought that the stock market crashed two years ago . 
Sterling , which estimated the value of the contract at $ 150 million , said NASA selected another bidder for final negotiations . 
Universities , however , say Next 's prices must go even lower before large numbers of students purchase the machine . 
Katherine Voss , a veteran trainer at the Laurel , Md. , track , offers neophytes a sobering tour of a horse barn , noting that only three of about a dozen horses have won sizable purses . 
And the Japanese make far more suggestions -- 2,472 per 100 eligible employees vs. only 13 per 100 employees in the 
`` More than ever , people should realize they should have a diversified portfolio , '' said Jeremy Duffield , a senior vice president of Vanguard Group . 
Mr. Noriega made plans to fly to Washington for a meeting with his counterpart at the Pentagon . 
In Brussels , it was the first trading day for most major shares since stocks tumbled on Wall Street Friday . 
But it all evens out , It 's so easy to see : Not till the last moment Am I paid what 's due me . 
As she saw one key love affair , the problem was n't her infidelity , it was his jealousy . 
Market-based pollution control may consume some capital that would otherwise purchase state industries . 
Next Spring , the two will battle in local elections . 
Security said it signed a letter of intent to purchase La Jolla Bancorp , agreeing to pay $ 15 of its own stock for each share of La Jolla . 
In addition , the officials say Israel has n't presented convincing evidence these acts were ordered by Fatah or by any group Mr. Arafat controls . 
His successor approved the $ 1 price in the process of clearing the backed-up papers on his desk . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered ratings on long-term debt of CS First Boston Inc. , the holding company of Wall Street giant First Boston Corp. , because of First Boston 's `` aggressive merchant banking risk '' in highly leveraged takeovers . 
And the Second Law , unique to insurance ? 
Dow Jones industrials 2653.28 , off 5.94 ; transportation 1199.32 , off 11.38 ; utilities 216.49 , up 1.45 . 
The greatest thing going for Mr. Gandhi and the Congress ( I ) Party is the poor reputation of the opposition . 
In 1986 the New York attorney general 's office got an order from a state court in Albany shutting down First Meridian Corp. , an Albany financial-planning firm that had invested $ 55 million on behalf of nearly 1,000 investors . 
In Tokyo Tuesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.80 yen , down from Monday 's Tokyo close of 142.40 yen . 
The politics of the 1990 congressional authorization are likely to be similar to those of previous authorizations . 
The program has even been called upon to create `` safe '' white electoral districts in municipalities where whites are the minority . 
The executive order and the reported agreements with the Intelligence Committee are neither sensible nor moral . 
For the third quarter , revenue increased 1.9 % to $ 2.55 billion from $ 2.51 billion . 
He predicted the problem will be solved `` very soon . '' 
A Japan Air Lines spokesman said its flights into and out of San Francisco were n't affected , but getting information about its operations was difficult . 
Tandy Corp. said it wo n't join U.S. Memories , the group that seeks to battle the Japanese in the market for computer memory chips . 
`` When you 're at the club , you ask whether they 've spoken to ` G . ' 
South Africa 's government dismissed demands by right-wing Conservatives , the nation 's main opposition party , for emergency talks on Pretoria 's recent tolerance of dissent . 
Success is expected to gain at least because of the recent folding of rival Venture , another magazine for growing companies . 
But they are stalwart socialists . 
Nissan will build only about 3,500 of the $ 38,000 Infiniti Q45 sedans each month , sending about 2,000 of them to the U.S. and keeping the rest for sale in Japan . 
Time is also fighting the transaction on other fronts , by attempting to discourage other cable operators from joining Tele-Communications as investors in Showtime , cable-TV industry executives say . 
He cautioned , however , that a `` tough tax-rate comparison '' may slow the company 's earnings growth for the current quarter . 
Air-traffic problems , though often quite grim , This time of year leave us in stitches , When we notice around our airport A holding pattern for witches . 
Investigators cite the case of Matthew Valentine , who is currently serving a six-year sentence at Lompoc Federal Prison for his role in Intech Investment Corp. , which promised investors returns of as much as 625 % on precious metals . 
He also expects the performance of municipals to lag Treasurys as California is forced to issue new debt over time to repair public facilities . 
A few months ago your paper reported the results of a study to determine why Asians who arrive in this country without any money , and unable to speak English , become overnight successes . 
Limited volume ahead of the September trade data showed the market is nervous , but dealers added that the day 's modest gains also signaled some support for London equities . 
Chambers Development Class A jumped 3 1\/8 to 37 1\/8 and Class B rose 2 5\/8 to 37 1\/4 . 
In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate `` as a hoped-for goal '' of Telerate 's management `` and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . '' 
Created by an artist who flaunts her ignorance of plants and gardens , South Gardens , as now planned , will die from congestive garden design . 
These consist of current interest bonds due 1990-2002 , 2010 and 2015 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2003 and 2004 , tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 7.14 % in 2010 . 
Sales of the heart drug TPA were $ 43.6 million , better than last year 's depressed third period when the company sold just $ 29.1 million of the drug . 
The company did n't disclose the new estimate but said the change was related to Integrated 's failure to sell its core businesses , as well as `` other events , '' which it did n't detail , that occurred after its announcement last week that it was in talks with the unidentified prospective buyer . 
PNC Financial cited higher income from sources unrelated to interest and said it continues to cut costs . 
In addition to commercial markets , Digital 's new line targets the low end of the engineering and scientific supercomputer market , when it 's packaged with an optional supercharger , known as a vector processor . 
Three years later , machinery producer Ateliers de Constructions Mecaniques de Vevey S.A. was to become part of the Rey empire . 
`` Until this came up and hit the press , there was never any indication that he was doing anything wrong . '' 
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self-incrimination . 
By an 11-2 margin , Senate negotiators voted to preserve the 235 mortgage refinancing plan , and despite powerful allies , the opposition found itself undercut by an unusual alliance of liberals and conservatives . 
Shvartzer is a derogatory Yiddish word for a black person . 
The restructuring program is designed to increase the company 's tangible capital ratio . 
In an interview , Pemberton Hutchinson , president and chief executive , cited several reasons for the improvement : higher employee productivity and `` good natural conditions '' in the mines , as well as lower costs for materials , administrative overhead and debt interest . 
The heavy-construction sector was the session 's best performer among Dow Jones industry groups ; Fluor rose 3\/4 to 33 3\/8 , Morrison Knudsen gained 2 1\/4 to 44 1\/8 , Foster Wheeler added 3\/8 to 18 1\/4 and Ameron climbed 2 3\/8 to 39 3\/4 . 
`` You 'll start to see shows where viewers program the program . 
Dana Corp. said its third-quarter net income fell 27 % to $ 29.6 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 40.7 million , or $ 1 a share , a year earlier . 
Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. 's consolidated debt totals 6.9 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 5.32 billion ) , including A$ 1.6 billion of bonds convertible into shares . 
According to Mr. Frawley , floor traders say there is good support for December gold in the $ 374 to $ 375 per ounce area , around $ 5.20 an ounce for December silver and in the $ 485 to $ 490 an ounce range for January platinum . 
The Bear Stearns order that marked the late-day turnaround caused a `` massive buying effort '' as UAL jumped $ 20 a share to $ 170 in the last half hour , said Mr. Bates . 
The vehemence of the emotions aroused by the case testifies to its symbolic importance in the war that Thurber accepted as an eternal part of the human condition . 
At the same time it has been caught in an earnings squeeze . 
Odds and Ends 
The process will take as many as six months to complete , the company said . 
We reinvented it . 
But the utility may not continue next year . 
In today 's markets , specialists ( on the New York Stock Exchange ) and `` upstairs '' market makers ( in the over-the-counter market ) are the only market participants allowed to play a direct role in the price-determination process . 
The group controls 795,900 H.H. Robertson common shares , assuming exercise of an option it acquired from Executive Life Insurance Co. to buy 497,400 shares . 
Expenses unrelated to interest rose 5.4 % , to $ 541 million . 
This clause , they argue , is designed to go beyond an earlier clause specifying that the president can veto a `` bill , '' and is broad enough to allow him to strike out items and riders within bills . 
Compliance added 15 % to 20 % to her accounting bill last year , she says . 
`` He simply has n't explained why something worth a million dollars ended up worth $ 58,000 two years later , '' says Mr. Powers , the Giuliani campaign manager . 
Funds that invest internationally were the top-performing stock and fixed-income funds . 
Ask Tommy Lasorda ; thin is in . 
Lyrics from `` Ghostbusters '' by Ray S. Parker Jr. 1984 by Golden Torch Music Corp. ( ASCAP ) and Raydiola Music ( ASCAP ) . 
Axa would also maintain Farmers ' relationships with the insurance exchanges that it manages . 
Every dollar 's worth of stock in the Los Angeles money manager 's portfolio is traded seven or eight times a year , the firm estimates . 
One auto-industry union leader said , `` If they try to build it somewhere else { in Europe } besides the U.K. , they are going to be in big trouble '' with unionists over any Jaguar deal . 
Nor should the U.S. worry much about offending China , which still aids the Khmer Rouge . 
`` This late in an expansion , '' the economy tends to veer off either into damaging inflation or into a recession , Mr. Confair says . 
The effort is being led by Contel . 
Communist officials this month have faced nearly daily pro-democracy protests , accompanied by the flight to the West by thousands of East Germans . 
The wounds from the 1987 crash have n't yet healed , and not all claims against the exchange clearinghouse -- by those who bet the Hang Seng index would fall -- have been settled . 
Meanwhile , East Germany 's growing openness may even allow the state-controlled news media to display a muted sense of humor . 
Meanwhile , as such strategic investments have mounted , the merchant-banking arm of Mr. Rey 's Omni Holding has been busily buying and selling dozens of companies , often after a financial or corporate restructuring . 
Few now recall the actual outcome : Scopes was convicted and fined $ 100 , and his conviction was reversed on appeal because the fine was excessive under Tennessee law . 
In the last decade , many corporations have embraced the `` utilization management '' cost containment strategy as a way to control health-care costs for employees . 
The sole A not to homer was cleanup hitter Mark McGwire , their regular-season leader with 33 , and he contributed five hits plus a diving fielding play on a ground ball in Game Three that stopped a Giant rally while the issue still was in doubt . 
Workers and management , Mr. Tyszkiewicz said , would lose the `` flexibility and diversity '' that has so far allowed them to adapt to local conditions and traditions . 
In the case of Beatrice , Salomon Brothers Inc. is considering restructuring the reset mechanism on the $ 200 million portion of the offering . 
And one of our charges is to be an ombudsman for our area . 
Aside from the special charge , Amoco 's results were in line with Wall Street estimates . 
Citizens , based in Atlanta , said it has about $ 4.6 billion in factored sales annually ; the Security Pacific unit has about $ 1.8 billion annually . 
If the programs continue their present path , the potential government losses are staggering : The federal government holds $ 222 billion in direct loans outstanding and backs an additional $ 550 billion in primary guarantees . 
As part of its restructuring several years ago , Exxon moved most of those out of the city and sold its 53-floor Rockefeller Center skyscraper to a Japanese company . 
Analysts predict the sales impact will linger . 
Owners of the building in New York say they will be asking $ 50 per square foot for rent to fill the space that Exxon is vacating . 
Michael R. Weisberg , partner in charge of research at Robertson Stephens & Co. in San Francisco , said some investors have already made the switch . 
Why would I consider giving up Fox , a proven commodity , '' for an unknown venture ? 
The deluge has spurred cost-conscious companies to action , with mail rooms throwing the stuff out rather than taking the time or money to deliver it . 
At Plant Genetic Systems , researchers have isolated a pollen-inhibiting gene that can be inserted in a plant to confer male sterility . 
In July , Viacom Inc. formed Viacom Pictures to produce 12 low-budget movies a year that will premiere on Showtime network and be distributed later in various markets , including foreign theaters . 
IBM , which gets about half its revenue and more than half its profit from mainframes , also announced upgraded operating system software that , together with the new hardware , lets customers do so-called batch processing as much as 60 % faster . 
The brigade has n't been heard from since , but we keep the staff around just in case . 
`` All you have to do is eat a big pizza , and then go to bed , '' he says . 
`` Stocks have not spread to the general public , despite the fact that the environment is much different , '' concludes Robert Avery , an economist at Cornell University . 
That 's the conventional theory anyway . 
Housing construction sank in September to its lowest level since the last recession , the Commerce Department reported . 
But the court jester appears to be Japan 's smallest car maker , Daihatsu Motor Co . 
In the bidding war for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , United Illuminating Co. raised its proposed offer to one it valued at $ 2.29 billion from $ 2.19 billion , apparently topping all other bidders . 
Armstrong 's shares , also listed on the Big Board , closed at $ 39.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
But as much as $ 177 million , or nearly 30 % of the account , is marked for potential transfers to research , management and flight accounts that are spent out at a faster clip . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Milton Roy shares leaped $ 2 , to $ 18.375 each , while Crane sank $ 1.125 , to $ 21.125 a share . 
Nevertheless , the company said that in the latest quarter there were increased material and labor costs , including a new employee profit-sharing plan . 
`` General Foods 's relationships with its agencies are based on the agencies ' work , and will continue to be , '' said David Hurwitt , a vice president of Kraft General Foods . 
Some analysts do n't expect a quick revival of any takeover by the pilots . 
In the year-earlier period , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share . 
Farmers in loose turbans and fancy earrings spend their afternoons laughing and gossiping at the markets . 
All administrative rights for the U.S. jointly controlled by both companies . 
Or maybe the TV network would lose nothing . 
The White House called on Congress to attach the proposed capital-gains tax cut to its final deficit-reduction bill , but lawmakers seem likely to balk at the idea . 
Coca-Cola Enterprises blamed the lower volume on its soft-drink prices , which were about 3 % higher in the third quarter . 
These apocalyptic predictions were advanced by such stalwarts as Paul Ehrlich , Barry Commoner , Rene Dubois and George Wald . 
Compaq Computer gained 2 1\/8 to 103 3\/4 on two million shares , reflecting market optimism about the prospects for its newly introduced notebook-sized computer . 
The bulk of the money would be funneled through the National Endowment for Democracy , but the legislation is so vaguely written that it has been dogged by questions regarding the money 's true purpose and its ultimate destination . 
Debenture holders are expected to convert most of the debentures into common because the value of the stock received in a conversion would exceed the $ 1,103.11 redemption price . 
Ramada Inc. revised the terms of its restructuring and extended to Feb. 28 , 1990 , the deadline to complete the sale of its hotel business to New World Development Co. of Hong Kong and Prime Motor Inns Inc. of Fairfield , N.J . 
Mercury 's stock closed yesterday at $ 4.875 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
But Mr. Breeden already has shown an eagerness to run the SEC his way . 
The higher payments will start with Social Security checks received on Jan. 3 , 1990 . 
This contrasts with the year-ago quarter , when the company had net income of $ 11.7 million , or 45 cents a share , on revenue of $ 75.7 million . 
Then cast-iron sewer pipe and the flush toilet were followed by sewage - and water-treatment plants toward the end of the 19th century . 
Combined with their two pre-quake victories , way back on Oct. 14 and 15 ( the scores were 5-0 and 5-1 , remember ? ) , that gave them a sweep of the best-of-seven series . 
COCOA : 
Short selling is n't necessarily bad for the overall market . 
Trish Heimers , a spokesperson for RIAA says her organization has n't received a copy of the completed report yet and has no immediate comment . 
Under a microscope he could actually see that a bit of chromosome 13 was missing . 
`` We are reaching the moment of truth '' on Wall Street , said Rep. Edward J. Markey ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the House subcommittee on telecommunications and finance . 
Last week , following fruitless settlement talks , Warner , now merging with Time Inc. , filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against both Sony and Guber Peters . 
JURY 'S CRIMINAL CONVICTION under Superfund law is a first . 
At the time , Mr. Gatward said his friendship with Mr. Price had smoothed the way for its link with the small British company . 
In Western , market-driven countries , recessions often have a bright side : prodding the economy to greater efficiency . 
It will compare 21 different blends of gasolines with three mixtures of up to 85 % methanol . 
He says the big questions -- `` Do you really need this much money to put up these investments ? Have you told investors what is happening in your sector ? What about your track record ? -- `` are n't asked of companies coming to market . 
The properties held by FADA wo n't be sold piecemeal , Mr. Seidman said in a speech before Southern Methodist University Business School in Dallas . 
And four states -- California , Florida , Michigan and Pennsylvania -- have adopted rules that all parties involved must consent when phone calls are recorded . 
Hawker Siddeley said its core electrical products division enjoyed strong growth , with a 20 % rise in operating profit during the period . 
But Mr. Schulte , the bondholders ' adviser , said Revco was dragging its feet in responding to the proposal . 
Mr. Paul has a plan to bring in $ 150 million by selling off 63 of CenTrust 's 71 branches , but it has yet to be approved by regulators . 
Termination means that the agency 's insurance assumes the liabilities and pays the pension benefits already owed under the plans , but workers do n't accrue new benefits . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 100 9\/32 to yield 7.937 % , compared with 99 26\/32 to yield 8.007 % . 
Third-quarter results included net realized capital gains of $ 48 million , which included $ 27 million from the sale of Federated Investors in August and a $ 15 million tax credit . 
The Eastern District unit in Brooklyn , N.Y. , lost seven of its 15 attorneys this year partly because the lawyers were troubled by the proposed reorganization , says Laura A. Brevetti , who left the strike force to join Morrison Cohen Singer & Weinstein , a New York law firm . 
Its castle , Mr. Schaeffer says , will be `` the most compelling piece of folk architecture ever built . '' 
Per-share earnings were enhanced by the company 's share buy-back program , which reduced the average shares outstanding to 87.5 million in the quarter from 95.8 million in the same quarter of 1988 . 
The South Atlantic States were the only region to report an increase in bankruptcies , up 5.3 % to 5,791 from 5,502 . 
`` People are waiting for { new } factory giveaways , '' said Ben Kaye , sales manager of Bob Brest Auto World in Lynn , Mass. , whose sales are slow . 
The team then proposed modifications in their work process to management . 
Two such actions , both filed earlier this year in Georgia state court in Atlanta , could be particularly embarrassing to the industry : both name J. Chandler Peterson , an Atlanta financial planner who is a founder and past chairman of the IAFP , as defendant . 
Security Pacific Corp. said third-quarter credit losses surged a third to $ 109 million , mainly because of sour Arizona real-estate loans . 
A widely held assumption all along has been that , given its robust economy , Hong Kong will be able to attract sufficient foreign money and talent to comfortably offset the outflows . 
`` If Lloyd 's wants # 70,000 out of me they will have to take everything I 've got -- and even then I do n't know if it will be enough , '' she says . 
Nomura , the world 's biggest securities company largely by virtue of its protected home field , and Industrial Bank of Japan , Japan 's most innovative and aggressive bank in capital markets abroad , captain the opposing sides . 
The harder he tried to push them into large piles , the closer he came to breaking the rake and straining his back . 
That total was below the $ 140 million the auction house estimated the collection might sell for , but was enough to ensure that an unprecedented financial arrangement Sotheby 's had made with the Dorrance family proved profitable to the auction house . 
Evaluating asset-backed securities poses another problem . 
Their message , explicit or implicit , is that a good college will cost so much by whenever you want it that the tried and true wo n't do anymore . 
California state transportation officials interviewed by telephone say they nevertheless do n't expect serious problems for commerce in and out of the Bay area . 
The bond issue is TVA 's first public offering since the Financing Bank was created in 1974 , primarily to finance the TVA . 
By contrast , European firms will spend $ 150 million this year on electronic security , and are expected to spend $ 1 billion by 1992 . 
Municipals 
He said Western Digital has reacted swiftly to the movement to video graphics array , VGA , graphics technology from the old enhanced graphics adapter , EGA , which has a lower resolution standard , technology and now is one of the leading producers of these newer units . 
Along the way , Mr. Tharp omitted a total of $ 1.5 million from his receipts reported on federal tax returns for three years . 
For those investors who believe -- or fear -- that 1990 will be a recession year , many economists and money managers agree on steps that can be taken to lower the risks in a portfolio . 
It 's not clear whether Aska plans to buy more shares . 
It also would leave Eastern a bigger carrier than the scaled-down one proposed under the initial plan . 
Refining and marketing earnings climbed to $ 33.3 million from $ 12.9 million , and exploration and production earnings rose to $ 37.1 million from $ 17.9 million . 
SUGAR : 
In addition to the $ 15.6 billion of Treasury bills to be sold at next week 's regular Monday auction , the government will sell $ 10 billion of new two-year Treasury notes . 
Chevron 
`` He does n't usually risk that much unless he thinks he has an ace in the hole , '' adds another Steinhardt Partners alumnus . 
BSB BANCORP Inc. , Binghamton , N.Y. , said it increased its regular quarterly dividend 50 % , to 15 cents a share from 10 cents . 
Revenue from non-GM accounts was 45 % of EDS 's total business in the latest nine months , compared with 40 % a year earlier . 
It 's understood several compromises already have been worked into the plan . 
Most important , hospital admission rates are stabilizing after several years of decline . 
At the end of the third quarter , Bank of New York 's credit-card business consisted of 2.4 million accounts with $ 3.6 billion in loans outstanding . 
Dealers say the firm apparently has wanted to publicize its recent buying and subsequent selling of 30-year bonds by using Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Corp. as a broker . 
With the nonferrous metals business undermined in Switzerland by tough foreign competition and high domestic costs , this looked like a dull undertaking . 
Hong Kong financial institutions have been waiting for interest-rate futures for a long time . 
-- Freshman basketball player . 
DPC Acquisition Partners , a hostile suitor for Dataproducts Corp. , filed a petition in federal district court in Los Angeles seeking to have its standstill agreement with the computer printer maker declared void , and it proceeded with a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the company . 
As a result , while any one customer may purchase immediacy by selling to a market maker ( which is micro-liquidity for the investor ) , the market as a whole remains in the same circumstances it was before the transaction : The unwanted position is still an unwanted position ; only the identity of the seller has changed . 
The company reported a big third-quarter loss on Thursday . 
Even abortion opponents , however angry with Mr. Florio , ca n't hide their frustration with the Republican 's ambivalence . 
WHO 'S NEWS : 
The Hildebrandt course enables students to brush up on negotiation skills by role playing in simulated deals . 
But because first-quarter demand is normally the weakest of the year , several market participants say , OPEC production will have to decline to keep prices from eroding further . 
The average yield on a six-month CD of $ 50,000 or less was 7.90 % , compared with 7.94 % a week earlier . 
Mr. Train is president of Train , Smith Investment Counsel , New York . 
Separately , Innopac reported a fourth-quarter loss of about C$ 2.6 million , or 18 Canadian cents a share , reflecting inventory write-downs . 
The nine major U.S. auto makers plan to build 147,121 vehicles this week , down 9.6 % from the 162,767 a year ago , but 2.5 % higher than last week 's 143,534 . 
Over at the Shell station , owner Rudi van Dyk , who doubles as Morgenzon 's mayor , worries that the Orange Workers have made his town the laughingstock of the nation . 
In addition , Ralph Ingersoll II , 43 , chairman and chief executive , said he would take on additional responsibilities as editor in chief of the company . 
Under the proposal by Equitec , a financially troubled real-estate syndicator , New York-based Hallwood Group Inc. would replace Equitec as the newly formed master limited partnership 's general partner and manager . 
Tribune Co. , helped by a hefty boost in performance at its broadcasting and entertainment operations , said net income jumped 21 % in its third quarter ended Sept. 24 on a 3 % increase in revenue . 
Another anti-Turkish hook is the Islamic faith of the majority of the Turkish people : Turkey , we are told , is not a Christian nation ; its people simply wo n't fit in with the Western European Judeo-Christian tradition . 
The theory relies on three assumptions : 
Stock and bond investors were cheered by last month 's encouragingly low inflation rate . 
It is to offer 1,800 francs for shares created on July 1 , which receive partial dividends . 
Early this century , diamond mining in the magnificent dunes where the Namib Desert meets the Atlantic Ocean was a day at the beach . 
Official trading in the shares will start in London , Paris and Brussels on Nov. 6 , when the French-franc denominated offering , valued at the equivalent of nearly $ 1 billion , comes to market in the European Community . 
An enormous turtle has succeeded where the government has failed : He has made speaking Filipino respectable . 
C. Olivetti & Co. , claiming it has won the race in Europe to introduce computers based on a powerful new microprocessor chip , unveiled its CP486 computer yesterday . 
The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . 
One basis for linking change in the East and change in the West is the notion that integrating 110 million Eastern Europeans with 320 million Western Europeans is primarily the task of Europeans , despite the U.S. 's obvious strategic and economic interest . 
Still , analysts do n't expect the buy-back to significantly affect per-share earnings in the short term . 
The issue exploded this year after a Federal Bureau of Investigation operation led to charges of widespread trading abuses at the Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange . 
'' Ford probably would try to kill the proposal by enlisting support from U.S. takeover-stock speculators and holding out the carrot of a larger bid later , said Stephen Reitman , European auto analyst at London brokers UBS Phillips & Drew . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Bay closed at $ 2.625 , down 25 cents . 
It also intends to set up an international wholesale market with the Singapore government next May and to open a department store in Bangkok and shopping centers in Malaysia , Taiwan , Canada , Chicago and Seattle by December 1990 . 
Officials with Meredith did n't have any immediate comment on the suit . 
`` You need to buy the entire lot , '' Mr. Seidman said , `` so get out your checkbooks . 
It is generally agreed that when CFCs rise from earth to stratosphere , the chlorine in them is capable of interfering with the process through which ultraviolet rays split oxygen molecules and form ozone . 
Jack Davis , Dataproducts ' chairman , said he had n't yet seen the filing and could n't comment . 
The federation , with 5.8 million members nationwide , has been one of the sharpest critics of Exxon 's handling of the 11 million gallon tanker spill and has accused the company of repeatedly ignoring requests to meet and discuss it . 
In many cases , the lawsuit was filed long after the drug was used -- the cancer in the daughters was typically not detected for years -- and there is no way to prove which of several companies manufactured the doses consumed by certain women . 
By contrast , KKR probably has already made all the money it can on SCI TV . 
`` But it 's not mediocre , it 's a real problem . '' 
But there is a grimly ironic twist to the Columbia loss . 
Valley National said it made the decision on the basis of an `` overall assessment of the marketplace '' and the condition of its loan portfolio and after reviewing it with federal regulators . 
The president 's request did n't indicate how Mr. Cheney would shift the money . 
From my orange seat , I looked over the first-base line and the new-mown ball field in the warm sun of the last few minutes before what was to have been the third game of the World Series . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is convertible from Nov , 27 , 1989 , to March 21 , 1994 , at a premium over the closing share price Oct. 25 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
The pilots argued that this triggered a pay raise for them . 
Old Environmentalism involved microbe hunters and sanitationists . 
The House has voted to repeal most of the Catastrophic Coverage Act of 1988 , however , which would end the monthly catastrophic-care premium , as well as an unpopular income surtax paid by about 40 % of the wealthier Medicare beneficiaries . 
The imposition of austerity measures , starting last October , already had begun to pinch when the massacre in Tiananmen Square on June 4 and subsequent events tugged the belt far tighter . 
Investors pulled back from bond funds in September , too . 
But he added that he expected to raise his estimate for fiscal 1991 at the same time . 
The U.S. Coast Guard closed six miles of the Houston Ship Channel , where about 150 companies have operations , because the thick , black smoke obscured the area . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.72 , unchanged ; spot index 129.97 , off 0.19 . 
Before becoming self-employed , or setting up a cooperative , workers must seek permission from the local soviet ( council ) . 
Mr. Bush would be acting in the public interest if he let the Washington elites who manipulate these budgets -- the bureaucrats , the lobbyists , the congressional staffers -- live for just one year on a restricted diet . 
Despite yesterday 's modest bond market gains , economists say investors are anxious about the Treasury 's huge quarterly refunding of government debt , the timing of which depends on Congressional efforts to raise the debt ceiling . 
At Movieline , she wants `` specific paragraphing , specific tone , a specific attitude -- bright and bold and tongue-in-cheek . '' 
`` What is the mission of the financial community -- 
After a flat second quarter tied largely to lower newsprint earnings , Kimberly-Clark attributed the gain to improved results in its consumer businesses in North America , Brazil and Korea . 
THE FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD'S coming rule on disclosure involving financial instruments will be effective for financial statements with fiscal years ending after June 15 , 1990 . 
Mr. Hickey added that the stones found in Hong Kong are thought to carry double the U.S. radiation limit , although he noted that double or even triple the U.S. limit is `` still in the range of safe levels . '' 
Perhaps most exciting , the device is thrusting open a window to the workings of the brain . 
Westmoreland Coal Co. , realizing benefits of a sustained effort to cut costs and boost productivity , reported sharply improved third-quarter results . 
Sen. Boren said the committee could n't defend itself by making the documents public because that would violate classification rules . 
ONE DAY Carl Barrett of Mobile , Ala. , was raking some sycamore leaves , but the rake kept riding up over the piles . 
One local Phillips manager said a seal blew in one of the plant 's reactors . 
SA Brewing , an Australian brewer , last Thursday was given approval to acquire an option for up to 20 % of Bell Resources Ltd. , a unit of Bond Corp . 
Because the ANC remains banned , both the government , which approved the rally , and the organizers , who orchestrated it , denied it was an ANC rally . 
Enron Power Corp. , a unit of the Houston natural gas pipeline company , would design , construct and run the plant . 
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so-called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year . 
The poll conducted by Peter D. Hart Research Associates interviewed 2,064 adults age 18 and older from June 15 to June 30 , 1989 . 
Like the game of professional football , the NFL organization itself is in turmoil . 
The company said the acquisition has been completed and reviewed by the Federal Trade Commission . 
The adjuster had n't completed all the calculations , but says : `` We 're talking policy limits . '' 
Per capita income , a widely used measure of a nation 's economic health , hit a record in 1988 , rising 1.7 % after inflation adjustment to $ 13,120 . 
`` There is n't much question there will continue to be a ripple effect , '' said John Reidy , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Cimflex Teknowledge rose 13\/16 , or 39 % , to 2 7\/8 on volume of 494,100 shares . 
These groups constitute up to 10 % of its work force . 
He dedicated all these new forces to the Persian Gulf . 
President Bush has been hearing this kind of opposition first hand during meetings over the past two days with Democratic senators at the White House . 
Bloomingdale 's is a 17-store chain acquired last year by Campeau in its $ 6.6 billion acquisition of Federated . 
South Korea and the Soviet Union have no diplomatic relations but exchanged trade offices earlier this year . 
But unlike most patients , her roommate was her husband . 
Over the last few weeks , he has frittered away roughly half of what was once a 33-point lead in the polls over Mr. Giuliani . 
Downgraded by Moody 's were Houston Lighting 's first-mortgage bonds and secured pollution-control bonds to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ; unsecured pollution-control bonds to Baa-1 from single-A-3 ; preferred stock to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ; a shelf registration for preferred stock to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 ; two shelf registrations for collateralized debt securities to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 , and the unit 's rating for commercial paper to Prime-2 from Prime-1 . 
Murray Lawrence , Lloyd 's chairman , agrees the exchange faces big challenges . 
We think that the ratings revision is unfortunate but not unexpected . 
Its 6,500 workers , who had battled Tiger 's management for years over givebacks , were union members until the day of the merger , when most of their unions were automatically decertified . 
W.R. Grace & Co. , New York , said its earnings for the third quarter nearly doubled as a result of a $ 114.4 million pre-tax gain from restructuring its energy operations and other adjustments . 
The maker of hand-held computers and computer systems said the personnel changes were needed to improve the efficiency of its manufacturing operation . 
Dade County and federal authorities , learning that he intended to fly through Miami , made plans to arrest him on the gun-running charges as soon as he hit U.S. soil . 
For example , Nissho Iwai Corp. , one of the biggest Japanese trading houses , now buys almost twice as many goods from China as it sells to that country . 
Citing figures on home-equity loans , he notes that `` 11 % of homeowners had home-equity credit accounts , but the proportion rises to 16 % of homeowners in the $ 45,000-$60,000 income range and 23 % of homeowners with income above $ 60,000 . '' 
What is of much more importance to the Colombian economy than the supposed benefits of laundered drug money is higher prices for Colombia 's legitimate products . 
`` More customers may come to us now , '' said James Cayne , president of Bear Stearns Cos . 
Revenue rose 95 % to $ 86.4 million from $ 44.3 million the year earlier . 
Stuffing a wad of Red Man into his cheek , he admits the fastball he brought into the majors in 1955 has become a slowball . 
The company 's chemicals interests include , among other things , petroleum additives , pharmaceuticals ingredients and polysilicon used by the semiconductor industry . 
A company spokesman said the Veslefrikk field 's gross reserves were estimated in 1987 at 229 million barrels . 
Answers to a dozen questions in the 1986 , 1987 , 1988 and 1989 national surveys reveal that men and women in the 18 to 24 age bracket are considerably more liberal on race and gender than were the 18 to 24 year olds in NORC 's polling in the early 1970s and early 1980s . 
Campeau 's financial situation is complicated by an estimated $ 1.23 billion in debt due next spring . 
However , the phenomenon is not specifically Jewish . 
In the first nine months of 1989 , Nixdorf said , sales rose 5 % amid good growth in selected areas such as banks and trading companies . 
As the sponsor of the `` Older Americans Freedom to Work Act , '' which would repeal the Social Security earnings limit for people aged 65 and older , I applaud your strong endorsement to repeal this Depression-era fossil . 
As it is , waiting lists of a month are n't unusual for popular models . 
The most common use of spying devices is in divorce cases , say private investigators . 
December silver was off 3.7 cents an ounce at $ 5.2830 . 
Production in Shanghai , China 's industrial powerhouse and the largest source of tax revenue for the central government , fell 1.8 % for the month . 
The candidates have been crisscrossing this huge country of 145 million people , holding rallies and televised debates in hope of being elected to what must be one of the world 's most thankless political jobs : trying to drag Brazil out of its economic and social mess . 
According to the Illinois attorney general 's suit , Watson & Hughey sent mailings indicating that recipients were guaranteed cash prizes , and could win up to an additional $ 1,000 on top of them , if they contributed as little as $ 7 . 
`` Nothing traded on Friday , and people were n't really sure where the market should have opened '' yesterday , said Raymond Minella , co-head of merchant banking at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
A trader at a Japanese firm estimated that the Japanese purchased no more than 10 % of the two-year notes . 
Southwestern Bell Corp . 
Ohbayashi is Japan 's second largest construction company . 
The British parent is also streamlining : Brooks Brothers , which continues to make almost all of its merchandise , recently shut one of its two shirt plants in Paterson , N.J. , and has closed boys ' departments in all but 20 stores . 
The value of the transaction was n't disclosed . 
South Gardens , as the Bartlett scheme is called , will occupy the last 3.5 acres of open space at the southwest tip of Manhattan . 
Decliners on the Big Board outnumbered advancers , 931 to 658 . 
Venezuela has also earmarked $ 200 million in new money for light-crude exploration . 
Krenz , however , vowed to preserve the Communist Party 's hold on political power and said East Germans should n't destabilize the nation with unrealistic demands . 
Under Northern Trust 's plan , shareholders were issued rights that , in the event of certain attempted takeovers , allow holders to buy shares in the company at half price . 
OPEC Secretary-General Subroto explains : Consumers offer security of markets , while OPEC provides security of supply . 
It was not until the early 1970s that Cambridge Prof. Harry Whittington and two sharp graduate students began to publish a reinterpretation of the Burgess Shale . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , GTE rose $ 1.25 to $ 64.125 . 
`` For a woman whose period is late , using RU-486 means no waiting , no walking past picket lines at abortion clinics , and no feet up in stirrups for surgery , '' burbles health writer Laura Fraser . 
The British defense electronics group has said it will sell # 100 million in assets and may seek a merger to strengthen itself in the wake of its troubles . 
Now the Journal , flush with ads and hugely profitable , is even with La Presse in weekend circulation and outsells it 3 to 2 every weekday . 
Shearson is about 60%-held by American Express Co . 
Nonetheless , Chairman Roger W. Johnson said he expects the company to be profitable in the current quarter . 
It showed the DJIA up 30 points . 
The producers ' 28 % share of publicly held Guber Peters would net them an additional $ 50 million . 
Both Westwood Brick and Westwood Group are based in Boston . 
Average daily trading volume : 145,954 shares 
Meanwhile , Dallas welcomed the move . 
Volume totaled 12,500,000 shares . 
Jeff Rowe contributed to this article . 
Bush met with South Korean President Roh , who indicated that Seoul plans to further ease trade rules to ensure that its economy becomes as open as the other industrialized nations by the mid-1990s . 
Warm winters over the past two years have trimmed demand , too , furriers complain . 
`` There is strong indication that ` Teddy Z ' is not compatible with the shows it is surrounding , '' said John Sisk , senior vice president at J. Walter Thompson Co. , a unit of WPP Group PLC . 
Thus , rather than seeing the excess returns to the pro-selected portfolio as being abnormal , I see those returns as simply compensations for taking on added risk . 
But only after a fleet of 336 gargantuan earthmoving vehicles belonging to De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. , the world 's diamond kingpins , do their work . 
The 1989 deficit would have been nearly $ 10 billion larger had the government been able to spend as much as Congress intended on cleaning up the thrift industry before the year ended on Sept. 30 . 
In light of the recent skittishness in the high-yield market , junk bond analysts and traders expect other high-yield deals to be sweetened or restructured before they are offered to investors . 
'' Or the one in which she and Josh are stranded in the city , and , after insisting on separate motel rooms , she knocks on his door to pour out her feelings about the rape -- wearing nothing but a mini-slip and a push-up bra . 
She thinks traders should buy the stock if it tumbles to 35 . 
Paribas already holds about 18.7 % of Navigation Mixte , and the acquisition of the additional 48 % would cost it about 11 billion francs under its current bid . 
Second , the responsibilities of the Federal Reserve as guardian of the currency , which means as guardian of the stability of the price level , sometimes lead it to take measures that are unpopular . 
There is no way to get an ambulance in quickly to move him to a hospital . 
BellSouth 's revised proposal surprised many industry analysts , especially because of the company 's willingness to accept some dilution of future earnings . 
William P. Panny , MLX chairman and chief executive , said the pact `` will provide MLX with the additional time and flexibility necessary to complete the restructuring of the company 's capital structure . '' 
One reason for its downfall was the murder trial of D.C. Stephenson , an Indiana leader whose reckless career is depicted in this film starring Mel Harris ( `` thirtysomething '' ) and John Heard . 
In his affidavit , Mr. Yetnikoff accused Warner Chairman Steven J. Ross of having an `` antiSony , anti-Japanese bias '' and said that Mr. Ross had tried to talk him out of letting Sony buy CBS Records two years ago for that reason . 
The agreement depends on Color Systems ' ability to win similar concessions from other creditors . 
Pre-refunded bonds are called at their earliest call date with the escrowed proceeds of another bond issue . 
Now Robert Parker , author of several best sellers featuring Spenser , a contemporary private eye in the Marlowe mold , has with the blessings of the Chandler estate been hired to complete `` The Poodle Springs Story . '' 
We 'll coordinate on this end to places like Bangkok , Singapore and Manila . '' 
`` Too often , advertising imagery has n't done a good job of forging a special emotional bond between a brand and the consumer . '' 
He wound up and let loose a fastball . 
Even if the gross national product is either flat or in the growth range of 2 % to 2.5 % , `` we can handle that , '' Mr. Marous said . 
The Second Section index , which fell 21.44 points Monday , was up 6.84 points , or 0.19 % , to close at 3642.90 . 
Ms. Bartlett 's little rooms left little room for plants or people . 
Final approval -- on a 64-35 roll call -- was never in doubt , but the opposition drew an unusual mix of senators , including Republicans Jesse Helms and Warren Rudman and Democrats Bill Bradley and John Glenn . 
Sterling said it had requested a briefing by NASA but had not decided whether to protest the agency 's latest decision . 
Acting sometimes falls flat . 
Charles R. Simpson Jr. , 46 , president and chief operating officer , will assume the chief executive 's post . 
Onlookers say three persons died when one of the buildings exploded into a fireball shortly after the quake struck . 
Airlines also say their frequent-flier programs are squeezing profits because awards are being redeemed at a heavier-than-normal rate . 
They previously had backed an internal reorganization plan proposed by PS of New Hampshire . 
Mr. Lorin then repeated the threat , and Mr. Aslanian urged him not to say such things . 
Mr. Guzman Cabrera and government officials insist that foreigners will be limited to investing in secondary petroleum products . 
Mr. Falco continues to rank the stock a longterm buy . 
Clearly , though , scam artists have to be a bit more subtle than simply promising millions ; the psychology of suckers is n't simply the psychology of the greedy . 
But the Beebes did n't come to that conclusion until time limits had elapsed for adding the adhesives maker as a defendant in the case , Ms. Adams said . 
`` It was great to have the luxury of time , '' Mr. Rawls said . 
His guest appearance on the NBC soap opera `` Another World , '' scandalized musical elitists . 
The two met more than 30 years ago , when Mr. Simmons worked for Commercial Bank & Trust Co. of Midland , Texas , where Mr. Bush was an organizing director . 
But the ever-changing laws are usually so complicated and confusing that `` you need professionals to help you ; you ca n't do it yourself , '' he adds . 
Since then , at least two commercial versions have been put on the U.S. market , and an estimated 500 have been sold . 
Sears is negotiating to refinance its Sears Tower for close to $ 850 million , sources said . 
Aluminum Co. of America dropped 1 1\/2 to 70 1\/4 , Phelps Dodge fell 4 to 59 7\/8 , Asarco lost 1 3\/8 to 31 3\/4 , Reynolds Metals slid 1 3\/8 to 50 3\/8 , Amax dropped 1 1\/8 to 21 5\/8 and Cyprus Minerals skidded 2 to 26 3\/4 . 
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . '' 
The BPCA called its team a `` stunning '' collaboration . 
The decision to cancel the loan exemplifies the tough attitude bankers have taken toward China since June 4 . 
Because of standardized designs , Mr. Hovnanian says , `` a buyer can visualize Society Hill regardless of where it is . '' 
For example , Akzo has only minor petrochemical operations , is small in plastics and does n't make fertilizers . 
Three days later , as of Friday 's close , the Nasdaq Composite was down 6 % , compared with 5.9 % for the industrial average , 5.7 % for the S&P 500 and 5.8 % for the Big Board Composite . 
In their anxiety , however , parents and other student benefactors are flocking to new schemes . 
With stocks not a major focus , `` we 're waiting for the next guiding light , '' said Brian J. Fabbri , chief economist at Midland Montagu Securities Inc . 
Sen. Bradley 's argument is that a capital-gains tax cut would be bad for the economy in the longer run . 
A poll in male-dominated South Korea put Margaret Thatcher first on a list of most-respected foreign leaders . 
Beijing officials have said they will step up the campaign of arrests and intimidation against those who participated in the demonstrations . 
American Express 's share of Shearson 's earnings was $ 41 million , after preferred stock dividends ; it owns about 68 % of Shearson 's common . 
There is n't enough . 
After years of quarreling over Bonn 's `` Ostpolitik '' , West Germany and the U.S. appear to have shifted onto a united course in Eastern Europe . 
Pepsi said it will spend $ 10 million advertising the promotion . 
The argument turns on the discovery in 1909 of an amazing fossil quarry high in the Canadian Rockies called the Burgess Shale . 
The yearlong schedule of festivities will be kicked off officially with a combination live and animation half-time special at the Super Bowl in January . 
Lloyd 's said there are currently 115 open account years involving 68 of the market 's roughly 360 syndicates . 
She added , however : `` It is not robust by any means . '' 
`` It was a time when interest rates came down very rapidly , '' Dr. Blumenfeld recalls . 
He cut her hair . 
For Cheap Air Fares , Spend Christmas Aloft 
That has outraged some fans . 
While the pillars did have long metal bars running vertically through them for reinforcement , they apparently lacked an adequate number of metal `` ties '' that run horizontally through the column , said Leo Parker , a structural engineer in Los Angeles . 
The division had only minor damage at its Sunnyvale headquarters and plant in Palo Altos , and no delays in deliveries are expected . 
A poll of South Koreans showed overwhelming opposition to efforts to curb dog-meat consumption just because it offends foreigners . 
The funds are in addition to $ 1.1 billion appropriated last month to assist in the recovery from Hugo , bringing the total for the two disasters to nearly $ 4 billion in unanticipated spending . 
After that , the federal share diminishes . 
And though federal law dictates that only $ 100 million can be disbursed from that fund in any one state per disaster , administration officials expect Congress to move in to authorize spending more now in California . 
The sales are being dragged down by a glut of 1989 vehicles , said Joel Pitcoff , a Ford analyst . 
Sales rose 25 % to $ 3.90 billion from $ 3.13 billion . 
Delivery is to begin in early 1991 . 
Both Shearson 's Mr . Will and Stephen Reitman , European auto analyst at the London brokerage firm UBS-Phillips & Drew , recently switched their Jaguar recommendations to hold from buy . 
Mr. Briggs , on vacation after resigning his position at the National Security Council , could n't be reached for comment . 
But this is not enough . 
He said he was surprised by the EC 's reaction , calling it `` vehement , even frenetic . '' 
The filing said Petrie Stores of Secaucus , N.J. , is purchasing Mr. Petrie 's Deb Shops stake as an investment . 
Mr. Regalia said the industry may be reluctant to step up building at the moment for fear the inventories of unsold homes will increase again . 
Mr. Nakamura cites the case of a customer who wants to build a giant tourism complex in Baja and has been trying for eight years to get around Mexican restrictions on foreign ownership of beachfront property . 
By that logic , the closing of a deal could be much further away than three to four months , even though the eventual price might be higher . 
Industry consultants say only Schering-Plough , which makes the mass-market Maybelline , has maintained a meaningful business . 
A reorganization plan proposed jointly by the IRS and Manufacturers Hanover was stalled by a negative vote from Minpeco . 
On the hat side I was n't getting what I wanted . '' 
It started with improvements in hygiene made possible by affordable soap and washable underwear during the Industrial Revolution . 
The roller-coaster stock market is making life tougher for small companies trying to raise money . 
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg-based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital . 
`` We did n't take part in a lot of deals '' in the quarter `` because their credit quality was poor , '' the spokesman said . 
`` It needs more discipline . 
The most striking example yesterday may have been in community development funds , where the two houses had separately approved a total of 27 projects valued at $ 20 million , and the conference added 15 more valued at $ 8 million to ostensibly preserve `` balance '' between the House and Senate . 
Stock prices fell sharply in active trading . 
Borrowers ' incentives are equally skewed . 
But those issues recovered quickly and turned higher because of expectations that the quake and the recent Hurricane Hugo would set the stage for an increase in premium rates . 
`` We make what we know how to make , '' says business manager Richard Mazzera . 
Finally , the official estimates understate growth because they make inadequate allowance for improvements in quality of goods and services . 
The base price of the car is estimated at 30 million yen ( about $ 213,000 ) . 
ENERGY : The attitude was `` wait-and-see '' in crude oil futures yesterday in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange . 
`` That 's put some oomph back into this market , '' said Peter VandenBerg , a vice president of equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
As the Chinese have shown and the Soviets are learning , family farms thrive where collectives fail . 
In addition , they said that months of exposure to the chemicals has left them sensitive to a wide range of commonly used substances . 
In the nine months , net rose 35 % to $ 120.1 million , or $ 1.64 a share , from $ 89.2 million , or $ 1.22 a share , a year earlier . 
In the so-called two-stroke engines , which are expected to get sharply higher gas mileage , each piston goes up and down only once to provide power . 
`` We 'll never have a big operation in the U.S. , and they 'll never have one as big as us in the Pacific , '' Mr. Eddington says . 
PENSION AND PROFIT-SHARING RULES : 
McCaw 's bid also has a similar clause . 
`` Until now , we were trying to increase productivity with the facilities we already had . 
The issue is rated single-B-3 by Moody 's and single-B-plus by S&P . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 27 , 1989 , through Oct. 26 , 1993 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Nov. 1 . 
Samuel D. Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc. , Chicago , said that the purchasers ' report is valuable because it often presents the first inkling of economic data for the month . 
In a news release issued by Mr. Drivon , the trial lawyers association also promised free assistance to victims . 
Slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles are forcing Chrysler Corp. to temporarily idle its Toledo , Ohio , assembly plant for the first time since April 1986 . 
The economic ideas in the document are much bolder than current policies . 
For its employees to sign up for the options , a college also must approve the plan . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
The company owes $ 11 million to the Shui On Group , the project 's Hong Kong contractor , and a significant , though unspecified , amount in legal fees to Coudert Brothers , a U.S. law firm , the sources say . 
For example , student loans currently attempt to subsidize college attendance and mitigate problems created by the fact that students ' future earnings are not accepted as collateral . 
`` I 'm afraid of a popular revolt if this situation is n't corrected , '' he adds . 
Other possibilities include a child-care initiative and an increase in the minimum wage . 
The sub-minimum wage would apply only to first-time teen-age workers for 90 days . 
At last report , Enfield had about 44.5 million shares outstanding . 
`` It was a healthy cleansing , '' says Michael Holland , who runs Salomon Brothers Asset Management in New York . 
The December contract ended with a gain of 1.29 cents a pound at 74.35 cents . 
Kurzweil Music Systems Inc. said it retained Kidder , Peabody & Co. to study financial alternatives , including the possible sale of the financially struggling company . 
In my home region , Latin America , much of the existing infrastructure base -- an important building block for development -- has been financed by the World Bank . 
`` The big one is still due , '' Mr. Johnson predicted in an interview . 
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah . 
Len Kessler , a financial publicist in New York , sometimes uses it to get the attention of journalists who try to avoid him . 
Groused Robert Antolini , head of over-the-counter trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette : `` It 's making it tough for traders to make money . '' 
Britain , France and Italy pull out of a proposal to build new NATO frigates ; the U.S. and West Germany have each withdrawn from missile projects . 
In the 12 months ended in September , wages and salaries of private-sector workers rose 4.4 % , while health insurance costs spurted by 13.7 % . 
'' Mr. Sohmer confesses that it was partly in response to such attitudes that he is now `` a dweller on one of the two islands off the coast of America . '' 
At the ritzy Fashion Island Shopping Center , the tanned and elegant ladies of this wealthy Southern California beach community disembark from their Mercedes-Benzes and BMWs for another day of exercising their credit cards . 
( Mr. Gargan 's views are not greeted with wild enthusiasm over at the IAFP , the major industry organization . 
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers . 
Massive withdrawals followed and there was a brief rescue attempt , with political undertones , including $ 1.77 billion in Federal Reserve loans . 
And many have been successful , as in the case of the index fund operated by hyper-trader Westridge Capital . 
At his first Chicago press conference , he berated the reporters . 
The declines mainly reflected widespread weakness in durable goods , those intended to last more than three years . 
ORGANIZED CRIME Strike Forces likely to be abolished next month . 
In a nondescript office building south of Los Angeles , human behavior is being monitored , dissected and , ultimately , manipulated . 
The five partners who resigned from Shea & Gould late last week are Tom Hutton , Sam Ingram , Dean Yuzek , Daniel Carroll and Ernest Bertolotti . 
But I 'd also rather live next door to an incinerator than to some of the hog farms I 've seen ( and smelt ) in these parts . 
`` The thing about the Dinkins candidacy is that it offers hope to a broad range of people , '' says Meyer Frucher , a real-estate executive and former aide to Gov. Mario Cuomo . 
Call it disaster marketing . 
The loss was largely due to a $ 55.2 million addition to reserves . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Five years of rapid expansion under American Brands , with an emphasis on marketing the agency 's services instead of improving them , had hurt Pinkerton 's profits , Mr. Wathen claims . 
Some in Arizona think that may be optimistic . 
So it was n't surprising that Mr. Jones returned to his Arkansas roots when he went looking for a replacement for Mr. Landry . 
At a shareholders ' meeting in London , the tobacco , financial-services and retailing giant said it received 99.9 % approval from voting holders for plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets . 
When Richard Rahn advised the financial press that the market crash was caused by the setback to capital gains , he was generally ignored and mildly ridiculed . 
I was an eyewitness of the most newsworthy event on the planet at that moment . 
Under United Illuminating 's plan , a new holding company would be formed to own the two companies . 
Machine tool executives are hopeful , however , that recent developments in Eastern Europe will expand markets for U.S.-made machine tools in that region . 
Now , with a semblance of normalcy returning , some advisers say it 's time for investors to take a hard , cold look at the stocks they own and consider some careful pruning . 
Mr. Angrist writes on the options and commodities markets for The Wall Street Journal . 
Mark Q. Huggins was named executive vice president and chief financial officer . 
They divert law-enforcement resources at a time they are most needed for protecting lives and property . 
Shearson , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Morgan Stanley & Co. and Salomon Inc. are discussing formation of a group to sell securities-price data . 
Ms. Browning says she believes a recapitalization involving employee ownership would succeed only if the pilots relent on their demand for control . 
Through Oct. 19 , high-yield funds had an average 0.85 % total return ( the price change plus dividends on fund shares ) , according to Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
The company expects a need for 140,000 megawatts of new generation in the U.S. over the next decade . 
By comparison , Cannes now gives $ 39,000 to the winner of its young director 's award . 
The international specialty chemical company 's earnings were hurt by an accrual for stock-appreciation rights that reflected a 19 % increase in the stock price , and higher interest expenses . 
New York City bonds were sold off by many investors last week amid political and economic uncertainty . 
While UAL faltered , AMR , the parent of American Airlines , pulled out of its recent nosedive by rising 3\/4 to 74 . 
`` The industry is still pretty much in its Wild West days , '' says Scott Stapf , director of investor education for the North American Securities Administrators Association . 
A spokeswoman for Paramount said the company does n't comment on speculation . 
Foreign-exchange dealers noted that the impact of the chairman 's remarks was slight and warned that the currency remains sensitive to developments on Wall Street . 
Proceeds will be used to reduce short-term debt at the beer and food concern , said Robert Vaux , vice president , finance . 
Did the stock-market tremors of Friday , Oct. 13 , presage larger fragility , far greater upheavals ? 
By advertising disaster relief , these companies are hoping to don a white hat and come out a hero . 
( Prior to acquiring the housewares business , the company was known as Centronics Corp. ; Centronics had been a maker of computer printers , but Mr. Stein and other officers decided to sell that business after Japanese competitors grabbed a dominant share of the market . ) 
Monday 's losers included railway , electric-utility and high-technology issues . 
But the man who built it has fallen . 
For the nine-month period , Baxter said net rose 15 % to $ 307 million , or $ 1.02 a share , from $ 267 million , or 89 cents a share , during the year-ago period . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
He added that details of the recapitalization still have to be worked out , but that Pathe will take 50 % of Odeon , Rome film producer Bruno Lucisano will take 10 % and the remaining 16.66 % , currently owned by Sasea , will eventually be sold to other investors . 
Those obsolete operations cost less than $ 2 billion a year , and keep Mac 's ghost quiet . 
`` There 'll be fewer and fewer deals . '' 
Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers , reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter , citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar . 
In a meeting in New York yesterday , the committee put on hold instructions it gave two weeks ago to its experts to explore other options for Eastern 's future , the sources said . 
With friends like Mr. Sohmer , do the feminists of Hollywood need enemies ? 
`` That gives futures traders a lot more power . '' 
Thus , the IRS says , the Blandings ' $ 200,000 loan is home-acquisition debt , and interest on it is fully deductible . 
The moves illustrate the more aggressive attitude toward patent protection that patent experts say Japan is starting to take . 
A congressional subcommitee has been investigating the potential abuse from researchers holding stock in companies exploiting their research . 
Hugh Zurkuhlen , analyst with Salomon Bros. , predicts the shift will mean P&G 's sales growth in the second quarter will be `` in the double digits . '' 
Under the statute , agencies are provided `` defenses that normally are n't available in the private sector , '' Mr. Ruvolo says . 
Bond resale prices , and thus fund share prices , move in the opposite direction from rates . 
The expansion will set off a marketing war among the big hotel-casinos . 
Separately , Mr. Cayne of Bear Stearns said his firm is working with regulators to balance margin requirements to `` enhance stabilization . '' 
The Goodman is offering a modernized version of Moliere 's `` The Misanthrope '' through Nov. 4 . 
This was the version of supply-side economics that , in the late 1970s and early '80s , worked in America and world-wide to solve a far more serious stagflation than afflicts Britain today . 
But at age 55 , `` they may be a great deal , '' says Mr. Wilson , the Columbia , S.C. , planner . 
`` The 60-vote requirement will be there and they do n't have the 60 votes , '' Sen. Mitchell said . 
HEXCEL Corp. , Dublin , manufacturer of engineered parts , annual sales of $ 399 million , NYSE , had little damage beyond some phone trouble . 
In the first nine months , net rose 1.5 % , to $ 458.8 million , or $ 4.76 a share , from $ 452 million , or $ 4.50 a share , a year earlier . 
A company spokesman , reached at his home last night , would only say that there will be a public announcement of the reduction program by the end of the week . 
`` I think it was something that we and they thought was constructive , '' said Stephen D. Weinroth , chairman and co-chief executive officer of Integrated . 
Moreover , they note , those who manage to pay their own way often do so only by selling their homes , using up life savings or drawing heavily on children and other relatives . 
Also , Exxon went down 3\/8 to 45 3\/4 and Allied-Signal lost 7\/8 to 35 1\/8 even though the companies ' results for the quarter were in line with forecasts . 
Furthermore , he says , psychologists should not be allowed to analyze jurors ' personalities . 
Two hunters in the forest . 
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage . 
Smaller projects swell the figure to at least $ 2.5 billion . 
Lodestar Group said it will make a $ 6-a-share offer for the remaining Kinder-Care Learning Center common stock if it acquires a majority of the company 's shares in a pending rights offering by Kinder-Care Learning Center 's parent , Kinder-Care Inc . 
Similarly , 57 % of respondents own shares in a money-market mutual fund , and 33 % own municipal bonds . 
Ray Neidl of Dillon Read & Co. said Mr. Trump `` is stepping back and waiting for the dust to settle . 
About 30 floor traders crammed near the UAL post most of the day , and probably hundreds more came and went -- a `` seething mass , '' as one trader described it . 
In a hopeless position , the computer resigned rather than make its 37th move . 
In 1988 , it earned $ 2.82 billion Hong Kong ( US$ 361.5 million ) on revenue of HK$ 11.79 billion . 
Federal Data Corp. was issued a $ 14.5 million Navy contract for computer systems . 
The talks may drag on for weeks before any concrete result is announced , people familiar with them said . 
Ron Dyer 
The benchmark 7 % bond due October 1999 fell 0.20 point to 99.80 to yield 7.03 % , while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 fell 0.10 to 97.65 to yield 7.34 % . 
City and County of Honolulu -- $ 75 million of general obligation bonds , 1989 Series B , due 1993-2009 , through a Bear , Stearns & Co. group . 
`` Let this building be Steppenwolf 's legacy to Chicago theater . '' 
The provisions , in deficit-reduction bills recently passed by the House and Senate , could raise the price tags of such deals by up to 10 % and cool the takeover boom . 
He also leads an opulent life style . 
`` Recent data have indicated somewhat weaker economic activity , '' said Elliott Platt , director of economic research at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities . 
`` We regret very much that the mayor of San Francisco has decided not to cooperate with us on this matter in making sure that there is adequate federal support for the disaster in his city , '' Mr. Fitzwater said . 
This hardly sounds like an anti-homosexual screed . 
For such businessmen , the Canadian government is organizing 55 missions this year to U.S. states bordering on Canada . 
AT&T predicted strong growth in demand for such products . 
Banco Exterior was created in 1929 to provide subsidized credits for Spanish exports . 
Mr. Leemans said this genetic manipulation does n't hurt the growth of that plant . 
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University . 
Personal spending rose 0.2 % in September , the smallest gain in a year . 
The proposal has set off a lively debate within an industry that was far from united to begin with . 
Instead , the banks secured a promise from state-owned Bank of Communications that it would lend Asia Development the entire $ 55 million at maturity to finance repayment of the original borrowing . 
Westridge Capital 's frenetic trading reflects the changes sweeping through the previously sleepy world of indexing . 
Salomon Brothers Inc. , the investment-banking firm , in its annual tally of investment returns , reported that old masters appreciated 51 % in the year ended June 1 , the greatest return of any of 13 assets it tracked . 
Total value of the contract could be $ 100 million , Helionetics said , and work on the project would be about evenly divided . 
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . ) 
Many economists contend that deep cuts in the U.S. budget deficit are needed before further trade improvement can occur . 
Also , he and Mr. Stein were ordered to make restitution of $ 35,000 to a customer . 
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % . 
These accounts hold several hundred million dollars , primarily from asset sales . 
Under terms of the agreement , Usinor 's Chavanne-Ketin unit and Bethlehem would establish a modernized facility to make cast-iron mill rolls at the company 's cast-iron shop here . 
Unlike traditional buy-and-hold strategies , all of the above require that market makers be on hand to provide liquidity by buying and selling stocks in a crunch . 
\*\* Includes $ 9 million write-down of assets and takeover defense costs . 
American Home Products said net income benefited from a `` lower effective tax rate , '' reflecting a reduction of foreign tax rates , and additional operations in Puerto Rico . 
This autumn 's edition of the biannual fair will run through Oct. 31 . 
NEC wo n't release its code , and every one of the dozen or so makers has its own proprietary operating system -- all incompatible with each other . 
But he noted that the initial effective date of the earlier proposal had been delayed by six months . 
But the spokesman confirmed that Saatchi has received several inquiries from companies interested in acquiring its Campbell-Mithun and Rowland units . 
No one has researched the long-term effects of RU-486 on a woman 's health or fertility . 
`` If they 're telling the truth now , then they 've been charging 300 % more than what is reasonable , '' says Steve Gardner , an assistant state attorney general in Texas . 
The reaction to the UAL debacle `` is mindless , '' says John Connolly , chief market strategist at Dean Witter . 
Among the types of cases the in-house litigators handle are disputes involving companies doing business with GM and product-related actions , including one in which a driver is suing GM for damages resulting from an accident . 
Twelve hundred miles away , rangers at a Napa County , Calif. , state park are among the many who do n't quite share the enthusiasm . 
Born the illegitimate son of his father 's maid , he was raised on the mean streets of the central market district of Panama City . 
Yesterday , for example , the Commerce Department reported that new orders for durable goods fell 0.1 % , while the nation 's auto makers reported lackluster mid-October sales . 
The remainder were to be phased out in five or 10 annual installments , with all tariffs eliminated by January 1998 . 
While tens of thousands of software packages using the IBM standard are available in the U.S. , they say only about 8,000 are written for NEC . 
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials . 
Because of the difficulty of assessing the damages caused by the earthquake , Aetna pulled together a team of its most experienced claims adjusters from around the country . 
Mr. Shupe is co-author ( with David G. Bromley ) of `` ` Moonies ' in America : Cult , Church , and Crusade '' and `` Strange Gods : The Great American Cult Scare . 
Its shares closed at $ 5.125 each in composite New York Stock Exchange trading , down 37.5 cents . 
Blockbuster Entertainment Corp. -- $ 300 million ( redemption amount ) of zero-coupon convertible notes , also known as liquid yield option notes , due Nov. 1 , 2004 , priced at 308.32 to yield at maturity 8 % . 
But if I feel that there are situations where I 'm trying to get housing for our area -- whatever it happens to be -- and I have to feel that I ca n't even ask a question , I 've got to tell you , I think that 's outrageous . . 
`` It was like a play on Broadway , '' recalls Mr. Martinez . 
In the U.S. , one-fifth of the office PCs are hooked up to some sort of network . 
Mr. Steinhardt also could take that route . 
If you do n't , you ca n't do your job . '' 
Fundamental fairness and a sense of responsibility lead us to share operating efficiencies with our customers . '' 
Under government regulations , however , foreign ownership of Picop 's equity is limited to 40 % . 
Each defendant faces a possible sentence of 20 years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines . 
Management advised employees Friday that it was going to reduce employment in production operations of the group by 8 % , or 400 people . 
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward-rate agreements that failed to envision an interest-rate environment where short-term rates were equal to or higher than long-term rates . 
Well , how about a loan , he 'll take your name and address ... 
Such caution was evident after the recent Friday-the-13th stock market plunge . 
A Guinness spokesman declined to comment . 
Banco Popular originally proposed the merger in July , in a cash and stock transaction valued at $ 50 a share , or about $ 293 million . 
One big technology issue , Novell , rode the roller coaster . 
Elsewhere , share prices closed higher in Amsterdam , Brussels , Milan and Paris . 
Officials of the state agency did n't have any immediate explanation why the reinforcement did n't hold up . 
The Big Board declined to name the Wall Street firms involved in the activity Friday and Monday , or the type of strategies used . 
The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. and Federal National Mortgage Association , two dominant issuers of mortgage securities , have a sizable amount of California home loans in their mortgagebacked pools . 
Winners outnumbered losers 645-293 , with 186 issues unchanged . 
Still , despite their efforts to convince the world that we are indeed alone , the visitors do seem to keep coming and , like the recent sightings , there 's often a detail or two that suggests they may actually be a little on the dumb side . 
Aftereffects of the 1987 stock market crash head the list of reasons . 
Production of factory equipment , one indication of the strength of manufacturers ' investment spending , fell 0.3 % . 
In addition to giving a president powers to rewrite spending bills meant to be written in Congress , Rep. Edwards argues , a line-item veto would allow the chief executive to blackmail lawmakers . 
The company has retained J. Henry Schroder Wagg & Co. as financial adviser and agent for the sale . 
Nobody smiled onstage , and nobody in the audience was encouraged to laugh . 
Bonnie J. Stedt was named an executive vice president of the American Express Travel Related Services Co. unit of this travel and financial services firm . 
Ms. Klass , editor and co-author of `` Afghanistan : The Great Game Revisited '' ( Freedom House ) , directs the Freedom House program on Afghanistan\/Southwest Asia . 
And the ad copy is cheeky : `` How can you be a Wall Street hot shot without at least one Brooks Brothers suit in your portfolio ? '' 
After Laurel Bank tried to repossess the car , a vice president asked him to intervene in an unrelated legal dispute involving a trust account . 
After years of wild swings , oil prices over the last 12 months have settled at around $ 15 to $ 20 a barrel . 
Big Board volume dropped to 166,900,000 shares , in line with the level of trading over the past few weeks , from 224.1 million Tuesday . 
Matthew Lesko , something of a professional defender of government , thought he had a sure-fire winner last summer when he offered $ 5,000 for the best `` verifiable story of 250 words or less about how a government bureaucrat helped you . '' 
TW 's stockholder meeting was postponed from tomorrow to Nov. 21 . 
`` I do n't think it will lead to any chaos in the secondary market , '' says Mr. Patel , `` only a sagging tendency . '' 
The combination of lower rates and fewer loopholes has meant that the so-called average effective tax rate -- the rate actually paid -- of the 250 corporations surveyed reached 26.5 % in 1988 , compared with 14.3 % in the years from 1981 through 1985 , according to the study . 
Mr. von Germeten , in turn , attributed the controversy to judgmental errors by accountants and accused Shearson of conducting a `` witch hunt . '' 
Robert Robie , 51 , was named to the new positions of vice chairman and chief credit officer . 
It 's too disruptive , '' he says . 
Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Resorts International , Braniff , Integrated Resources , SCI TV , Gillette Holdings , Western Electric and Southmark . 
`` The market started with several strikes against it , '' said Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , referring to news that the labor-management buy-out of UAL Corp. continued to unravel , and reports that the junk-bond market is disintegrating . 
Mr. Tucker , 44 years old , is president of Trivest Securities Corp. and senior vice president of Trivest Inc. , closely held investment companies based in Miami . 
Activity was brisk in the high-grade general obligation market , as a series of sell lists hit the Street and capped upward price movement in the sector . 
Time is expected to mount a legal challenge in U.S. District Court in New York , where Viacom in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit charging Time and HBO with monopolizing the pay-TV business and trying to crush competition from Showtime . 
Put March 31 , 1992 , at a fixed 107 3\/4 to yield 3.43 % . 
In many other institutions , scientists are shunning contacts with venture investors until the NIH policy is settled . 
So the producers went to Capitol Hill , where a congressman from Georgia introduced a measure to ban centrifugal egg-breaking machines . 
The most dramatic changes , however , probably will come in new-product development . 
Mr. Peladeau has never made any apologies for publishing the tabloid , a brash mix of crime and sports . 
Developing an executive-model range would mark a major departure for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker . 
`` All operations have stopped , '' he said . 
While lawyers arranged individual tie-ups before , the formal network of court reporters should make things easier and cheaper . 
They let me down when the Japanese came down { during World War II } ... . 
Still , some sectors found buying interest after being actively sold in recent weeks . 
SALES TAX RECORDS : 
The legislation and other issues related to the stock market will be the focus of hearings this week by the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee and the Senate Securities Subcommittee . 
From 1974 to 1984 , prices for the best yearlings at the summer sales rose 918 % to an average of $ 544,681 . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
`` The programs have arthritis , '' says Rep. Henry Hyde , a conservative Republican from Illinois . 
The debentures will be available in book-entry form only in a minimum amount of $ 5,000 and additional increments of $ 5,000 . 
Congress seems likely to let the new chairman have his way for a while . 
Sales edged up fractionally to # 626.3 million from # 625.4 million a year earlier . 
`` They have to work such long hours and then we expect them to be heroes if there 's an evacuation . '' 
Recently , Gen-Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non-viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA . 
Robert Stein , president and chief executive officer , attributed the expected decline partly to the effects of a two-week strike last month at the company 's Masillon , Ohio , bakeware facility . 
The internal transaction within the Rey empire puzzled Harpener 's small shareholders , but analysts say it makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of product inspection and temporary help . 
A Mesa official confirmed receipt of the offer and said directors would meet to consider it . 
Great Western , based in Beverly Hills , Calif. , is a financial services firm and parent to Great Western Bank , an S&L . 
The effort to revive the bid was complicated by the unwieldy nature of the three-party buying group . 
Coda Energy Inc. said it completed the sale of Phenix-Transmission Co. to Bishop Pipeline Co. , for $ 17 million in cash and notes . 
H&R BLOCK Inc. had net income of $ 100.2 million , or $ 1.90 a share , in the fiscal year ended April 30 . 
`` This city already has too many tourists , and it ca n't hold them all , '' says Pierluigi Beggiato , the president of the Venice hoteliers association . 
-- Junior football player . 
We now know that the words were not always his own . 
`` We have to keep working at improving our core business to stay efficient . 
For the nine months , Amoco said that net income fell to $ 1.29 billion from $ 1.69 billion but if unusual items are excluded , operations produced essentially flat results . 
About 23,000 people typically travel over the Golden Gate Bridge during commute hours . 
Quebecor also publishes a second tabloid in Montreal , the struggling 18-month-old Montreal Daily News ; dailies in Quebec City and Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and dozens of weeklies covering most of Quebec . 
Copyright 1989 by Reed Publishing USA . 
It 's time the State Department recognized that China does not play by gentlemen 's rules . 
Sonet , or synchronous optical network , products have more capacity than earlier models . 
According to Avery , for the year ended Sept. 30 , 1988 , Uniroyal Chemical had sales of $ 734.2 million and a net loss of $ 47.1 million . 
Many political analysts have speculated that the Reagan years would produce a staunchly conservative younger generation . 
At Continental he cut money-losing operations , which helped produce a modest profit in this year 's second quarter . 
According to military officers at the time , word was passed to Mr. Noriega by his American hosts that the police would be waiting . 
Mr. Weil of Weil & Associates said he will remain at $ 1 a share for next year but said he wonders whether even that low target is at risk . 
Even if Wall Street finds ways around the new rules , a Senate aide contends LBOs will become somewhat more difficult . 
Mr. Melloan is deputy editor of the Journal . 
LIVESTOCK AND MEATS : 
Paper and forest-products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia-Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity . 
SENATE HEARS final arguments in impeachment trial of federal judge . 
Net was $ 24 million , or $ 1.15 a share , up from $ 19 million , or 90 cents a share , a year earlier . 
PARKER HANNIFIN Corp. , which is selling three automotive replacement parts divisions , said it will retain its Automotive Connectors and Cliff Impact divisions . 
At the moment gold traders are n't concerned about inflation , he said , and as for the dollar , `` gold 's association with the currency has been diminishing recently so drops in the currency are n't having much impact on gold . '' 
Why not watch or hear your experience historicized while you were living it ? 
The product automates an array of functions performed at small to medium-size printing companies . 
`` They do n't have the votes to get it passed . '' 
Hitachi charges Motorola `` has engaged in fraudulent and inequitable conduct in the procurement of certain Motorola patents '' used in Motorola 's MC68030 microprocessor chip . 
The accident was caused by faulty operation of a valve . 
Kodak wo n't disclose the cost or when its converter will be on the market , but it 's estimated the machine may be available within two years . 
Ralph Shattuck , publisher of Foreclosure Update newsletter , said foreclosures have climbed to about 1,482 a month just in Maricopa County , where Phoenix is located . 
New York Times Co. 's third-quarter earnings report is reinforcing analysts ' belief that newspaper publishers will be facing continued poor earnings comparisons through 1990 . 
Also , UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf pulled out of the buy-out effort to focus on running the company . 
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 . 
Many analysts said they were n't surprised that problems in many of Ryder 's lines of business continued to plague the company . 
Mr. Huggins , 39 years old , formerly was controller and chief accounting officer at Harte-Hanks Communications Inc . 
In addition , the suspension of loans and export credits from foreign governments and institutions following the June killings have been a big setback . 
During the balloting , 26 members of the 500-seat Parliament voted against Krenz , a move considered unprecedented in the country 's 40-year history . 
Without the gain , operating profit was $ 64 million , or 71 cents a share . 
Their only doubt concerned the possibility that Mr. Gorbachev might not survive the opposition that his reforms would arouse and that the whole process might be reversed . 
American Business Computer Corp. said it privately placed 1,035,000 common shares at $ 2.50 a share . 
Anyone who 's tried to appear `` natural '' in front of a camera knows that it 's much more natural to end up looking like a stiff . 
The two West German electronics concerns said they have set up European Power Semiconductor Co. to merge their activities in the field . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond , which jumped 3\/8 point , or about $ 3.75 for each $ 1,000 face amount , during the first hour of trading , ended little changed . 
The U.S. administration said its plan would allow considerable flexibility in determining how and when the free-trade goals would be achieved . 
The 13-week bills mature Jan. 25 , 1990 , and the 26-week bills mature April 26 , 1990 . 
While rights fees head skyward , ad rates wo n't . 
The Financial Times 30-share index settled 27.8 points higher at 1758.5 . 
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy . 
Japanese domestic motor-vehicle sales rose 12 % in September , the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said earlier this month . 
While a decline in orders for cars and civilian airplanes pulled down the orders total , an enormous jump in orders for heavy military equipment propped it up . 
Your Sept. 29 page-one story on the House-passed capital-gains plan is a good example . 
A DLJ banker , putting a best possible face on it , asserts that `` very few people said they did n't like the credit quality . 
r - Revised . 
But the public policy issues raised by earthquake damage will be difficult to address , Mr. Johnson predicted . 
But airlines say it would be too expensive and cause too many delays if they started using computerized scanners to check tickets at the gate . 
Traders cited anticipation of the consumer price report for September , due today , and tomorrow 's expiration of October stock-index futures and options as major factors in the slowdown . 
Lawrence Insurance Group Inc. said it acquired United Republic Reinsurance Co. , a Houston property and casualty reinsurance company , from United Savings Association of Texas for $ 28 million . 
It is having trouble meeting its debt payments because of heavy borrowing in 1987 for a leveraged buy-out . 
Mr. Antar was charged last month in a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
And Mancuso himself is investigating at the top of his lungs : `` How the hell can you live with yourself ? '' he erupts at a politician . 
By an 84-6 margin , the Senate approved the bulk of the spending Friday , but the bill was then sent back to the House to resolve the question of how to address budget limits on credit allocations for the Federal Housing Administration . 
Alan McKim , chief executive officer of Clean Harbors said he was `` very much encouraged '' by the official 's praise of Clean Harbors for the quality of some of the data in the report . 
But the brand had trouble from the start . 
Power could n't be restored at the company 's San Francisco headquarters to allow trading yesterday morning . 
Just clobbered , '' said Ulric Weil , an analyst at Weil & Associates who had once been high on the company . 
Mr. Noriega would order them all to take off their clothes and run around the courtyard naked , laughing at them and then retreating to his office . 
In addition , its machines are typically easier to operate , so customers require less assistance from software . 
In presenting the study late last week , Dr. Warshaw estimated the cost of these types of disorders to business is substantial . 
Sure , price action is volatile and that 's scary , but all-in-all stocks are still a good place to be , they suggest . 
Coke and Pepsi are all the same to me , and I usually buy whichever brand of coffee happens to be on sale . '' 
Jaguar ( OTC ; Symbol : JAGRY ) 
`` The New York Stock Exchange is losing its cool here , '' said James Andrews , head of institutional trading at Janney Montgomery Scott Inc. in Philadelphia . 
Average maturity was as short as 29 days at the start of this year , when short-term interest rates were moving steadily upward . 
The exchange has a board meeting scheduled for tomorrow , and it is expected that some public announcement could be made after that . 
North Atlantic Industries jumped 1 to 5 3\/4 . 
In fact , some auto executives suggest that slackened demand for their cars in the U.S. and Canada is a blessing ; otherwise they would n't be able to keep up with demand in the more profitable local market . 
One investment banker who is n't involved in the deal says SCI TV needs at least $ 50 million of new equity to survive . 
The plan , proposed by U.S. Secretary of State Nicholas Brady , calls for banks either to make new loans or to reduce the principle on existing loans or to cut the interest rate on those existing loans . 
Without more space to incarcerate convicted criminals , he added , `` we will not win the war on drugs . '' 
Some plan to pursue foreign development ventures , mostly in Europe . 
They build the Lincoln Town Car , Continental and Mark VII , the Ford Escort and full-sized pickup trucks . 
But two other major storms have threatened operations so far this year , most recently Hurricane Jerry this week . 
The FADA real-estate package , with an asking price of $ 428 million , is comprised of 150 properties in Texas , California , Colorado , Arizona and Florida . 
The project could result in the U.S. taking more than 10 % of its natural gas supplies from Canada , up from about 5 % currently . 
Merck 's profit climbed 25 % , Warner-Lambert 's 22 % and Eli Lilly 's 24 % . 
`` I thought the probabilities of { a bidding war } happening were less , '' he says . 
Both firms are in New York . 
But , says chief investigator Tom Smith , this `` does not translate into support for conservatism in general or into conservative positions on feminist and civil rights issues . '' 
American Medical has agreed to the offer , but earlier this month said it had received new `` expressions of interest '' from two previous bidders . 
Finally , of course , the boss gives in , but he 's still yelling : `` I find myself explaining anything to Teddy Kennedy , you 'll be chasing stolen cars in Anchorage . '' 
The company said it did n't receive an offer it wanted to accept . 
Orders for military equipment , household appliances , machinery and other goods expected to last at least three years dipped 0.1 % last month , to $ 126.68 billion , after leaping 3.9 % in August , the department said . 
The chimney is a pile of bricks on the front lawn . 
Such a countermove could end Jaguar 's hopes for remaining independent and British-owned . 
For one , Axa plans to do away with certain tax credits that have resulted in more than $ 600 million paid to the Farmers exchanges during the past few years to offset underwriting losses . 
The association said the September total brought French output for the first nine months this year to 14,789,000 tons , up 4.5 % from a year earlier . 
Chevron said higher crude oil prices boosted profits from production operations , but margins in refining and marketing declined . 
A spokesman for the company said Campeau has n't seen the suit and declined to comment . 
NO MORE STUBBED toes or bruised shins , promises Geste Corp. of Goshen , Ind. , the designer of a bed support to replace traditional frames . 
According to the state department of finance , a one-penny increase in the state 's six-cent per dollar sales tax could raise $ 3 billion . 
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C . 
`` Everybody 's confused and no one has an opinion that lasts longer than 30 seconds , '' said Mr. Zipper . 
The original transaction fell through on the same day British Air shareholders approved the plan at a special meeting after the British succeeded in arranging the financing for its equity contribution . 
That was his reward for working until 11 p.m. seven days a week to cover his $ 3,000 a month rent . 
Year-earlier per-share results are n't applicable because the company went public in January . 
Mr. Noriega believes he has n't any alternative but to continue clutching to power . 
The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do . 
The Swedish publishing company Bonniers owns 51 % of Are Paev , and the Estonian management company Minor owns 49 % . 
In the past , says Armco 's chief economist John Corey , steelmakers made a product and set it out on the loading dock . 
The executives did n't disclose the size of the expected gain . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Allied-Signal shares closed at $ 35.125 , off 87.5 cents . 
Even more remarkably , it focused on emissions trading and similar market approaches to address pollution , notwithstanding Poland 's lack of functioning markets . 
The heaviest damage was reported in Tipasa , about 40 miles west of Algiers . 
It came to light that a substantial number of Rockefeller 's faculty were upset over or even opposed to Dr. Baltimore 's impending appointment . 
The Dow average now stands more than 20 % higher , while Renaissance 's portfolio of Treasurys produced a return of about 6 % through the first three quarters of the year . 
In July , Moody 's downgraded $ 400 million of the company 's debt , saying the bank holding company had n't taken adequate write-offs against potential losses on real estate loans despite its second-quarter write-down . 
The rally spread into European markets , where traders were still betting that the earthquake disrupted the San Francisco area 's large oil refining plants . 
Cuban military personnel also have been active in Afghanistan since 1979 . 
Pemex officials would n't say how much money the new contract would save the company , but one previous government estimate pegged savings at around $ 500 million a year . 
The new goal of the Voting Rights Act -- more minorities in political office -- is laudable . 
But after much tracking , it became evident to Mr. Stoll , through various clues , that the hacker was not on the Berkeley campus or even in California . 
`` It 's like an oasis in this room , '' Ms. Foster purrs . 
Viatech makes flexible packaging films and machinery , and materials for the food and pharmaceutical industries . 
`` I do n't see this as a debt reduction exercise . 
Instead , they focus on events in department stores and pour their promotional budgets into gifts that go along with purchases . 
U.S. Memories needs a catalyst , he said , to inspire others to join . 
Richard J. Riordan was elected a director of this single-family home builder , increasing the board to nine . 
An Eastern spokesman said `` the $ 40 million will have no effect whatsoever on the asset structure of Eastern 's plan . 
The broker winning the business does n't charge commissions , but instead profits by buying or selling for less than the overall package price . 
U.S. law requires criminal defendants to turn over foreign documents such as those sought in the Marcos case . 
Her sister-in-law ( Amy Wright ) is a sniveling prude afraid that Kate will seduce all the married men in town , including a particularly loathsome fellow named Tucker , whose idea of fun is to leave his wife at home tending to her bruises and cigarette burns , while he bullies Kate into a dance that consists of drooling on her while trying to break her ribs . 
He was also convicted of failing to properly remove asbestos from the building , a violation of the Clean Air Act . 
Many investors certainly believe a bidding war is imminent . 
I 'm OK . '' 
And some of its top client-service executives , including Mr. Phillips , were promoted to the point they were saddled with administrative duties , with little time to see clients . 
But it is n't clear why that should be so . 
Separately , bankers representing the group trying to buy United 's parent UAL Corp. met with other banks about reviving that purchase at a lower price , possibly around $ 250 a share , or $ 5.65 billion . 
As previously reported , those sales have been declining this year in the wake of allegations that the company engaged in unfair sales practices that encouraged customers to overpurchase services . 
One hundred and ninety two former greats , near greats , hardly knowns and unknowns begin a 72-game , three-month season in spring-training stadiums up and down Florida . 
Ciba-Geigy is a major pharmaceutical concern based in Basel , Switzerland . 
( Taiwan already is a big importer of Fujis from other places , he adds . ) 
The government attributed the 0.3 % month-to-month rise in the index largely to higher energy prices . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5820 , up from $ 1.5795 late Friday . 
But while they are unloading these burdens , the United States is close to creating three more big ones . 
Yet for all his cynicism , he 's at heart a closet idealist , a softy with a secret crush on truth , justice and the American Way . 
The recent bids for United and American Airlines have led Congress to move with supersonic speed to protect incumbent airline managements . 
Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches . 
Concern about declines in other markets , especially New York , caused selling pressure . 
L.L. Bean hires about 2,700 workers for the season rush , about 300 more than last year ; Land 's End hires 2,000 . 
`` You 're telling someone they can spend the next three or four or five or six years of their life bringing about the most difficult and costly modernization of an information system on the civil side ever , '' Mr. Goldberg said . 
Ohbayashi Corp. agreed to buy E.W. Howell Co. , the U.S. subsidiary of Selmer-Sande AS , of Norway , for about $ 7 million . 
Under Chapter 11 , a company operates under protection from creditors ' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay debts . 
It will be hard down the road to persuade Congress to approve money for SDI plans if lawmakers fear those plans could scuttle a completed treaty . 
And just last week , Defense Secretary Dick Cheney gave a strong speech listing `` compelling reasons '' to push ahead with SDI and saying he 'd urge President Bush to veto a defense bill with `` inadequate '' funding for the program . 
His contract makes him `` exclusive '' spokesman for Sears 's home improvement marketing campaigns . 
Unisys Corp. 's announcement Friday of a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter showed that the company is moving even faster than expected to take write-offs on its various problems and prepare for a turnaround next year . 
`` When you get a big sell-off in equities , money starts to shift into bonds , '' which are considered safer , he said . 
Jaguar shareholders would have to bless such a far-reaching accord . 
With all that going for them , global flexible portfolio funds declined only 1.07 % in the week through last Thursday . 
3:25 a.m . 
Many law firms sponsor their own programs . 
Those claims , along with priority employee claims , administrative claims , priority tax claims and administrative convenience claims , are expected to total about $ 16 million . 
Yesterday , the city demolished two dwellings in the district because of severe structural damage and said as many as 19 of the district 's 350 dwellings might have to be razed . 
Goliaths like Unilever and P&G have enormous financial advantages over smaller rivals . 
Total Pentagon requests for installations in West Germany , Japan , South Korea , the United Kingdom and the Philippines , for example , are cut by almost two-thirds , while lawmakers added to the military budget for construction in all but a dozen states at home . 
At the same time , moves toward tighter air-quality standards are spurring interest in lighter or alternative fuels that do n't pollute as much as fuel refined from `` heavy '' crudes , generally high in sulfur . 
Robert Hafer , senior commodities analyst at Kaiser Financial Group , said Monday 's rally continued yesterday for only about 20 minutes after the opening . 
`` We will have a reasonably flat year this year , '' Mr. Schwarz says . 
Only a few books fell in the reading room . 
He favors a form of commercial rent control , which the financial community believes would make it more difficult to attract investment in the city . 
Northrop 's interest expense also soared to $ 35 million from $ 17 million a year ago . 
Then I remembered the quake of '71 , which I experienced in Santa Barbara in a second-story motel room . 
In return , the U.K. and France could keep their nuclear weapons . 
Increasing labor costs , Mr. Tyszkiewicz argued , would only put the countries at a further disadvantage in competing in the barrier-free EC market planned for after 1992 . 
The cash payout will be reduced by 40 % of any amount by which the weighted mean price of Ramada 's common stock exceeds $ 14 on the day the transaction closes . 
But lawmakers want to extend the period for 100 % federal funding for several months . 
Revenue gained 13 % to $ 77.3 million from $ 68.5 million . 
The death of CIA Director William Casey and resignation of Oliver North allowed anti-Noriega political forces to gain influence . 
The mounting risks did not go unobserved , even in the mid-1980s . 
Jerome Kern , Tele-Communications ' chief outside counsel , said he was n't aware of Time 's legal plans . 
State monopolies will keep on stifling trade , `` free '' prices or not , until something else replaces them . 
`` We 're not interested in promoting every single product that comes along , '' Mr. Shore says . 
`` We do n't need the shelter of tax-free bonds , '' said a spokeswoman at Chemical . 
Almost 40 % of schizophrenic men have an impaired sense of smell vs. fewer than 10 % of schizophrenic women , reports the American Journal of Psychiatry . 
He added the original offer was `` a pretty full price , '' and that British Air 's contribution `` was quite a large chunk for us . '' 
His skis spread farther and farther apart -- just as buy-sell spreads widen during a financial panic -- and soon he is out of control . 
Meanwhile , International Business Machines Corp. paved the way for a visit to the credit markets by filing a shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission for $ 800 million in new debt . 
By spreading their wealth among several investment alternatives , the respondents have protected themselves against squalls in any one area , be it stocks , bonds or real estate . 
Crime is clearly more deadly to small-scale entrepreneurship than to big businesses . 
But such thin-slab technology is only the beginning . 
Liability in the bridge and road collapses will revolve around whether government took `` reasonable care '' to build and maintain the structures , says John Messina , a Tacoma , Wash. , personal-injury attorney who specializes in highway design and maintenance cases . 
Akio Tanii , president of Japan 's Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. , presented the U.S. consul general in Osaka with a $ 1 million check to help San Francisco 's earthquake victims . 
Chesebrough-Pond 's Inc. , Greenwich , Conn. , awarded its Faberge hair care accounts to J. Walter Thompson , New York . 
But not just any bonds will do . 
Leonard Bickwit , an attorney in Washington for Mr. Keating , declined to comment on the hearings , except to say , `` We will be responding comprehensively in several forums to each of these allegations at the appropriate time . '' 
Rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp . 
Marsh & McLennan Cos. said it agreed to acquire the rest of Gradmann & Holler , a leading West German insurance brokerage firm in which it has held a 15 % stake for 15 years . 
But he said that any effort by Time to characterize the Tele-Communications investment in Showtime as anti-competitive would be `` the pot calling the kettle black . '' 
The company said it was leasing the site of the refinery from Aruba . 
Meanwhile , the FEMA announced a toll-free telephone number ( 800-462-9029 ) to expedite service to victims of the earthquake . 
Intertan jumped 2 1\/4 to 56 7\/8 . 
These firms , which often have acquired a local brokerage firm , are calling the shots when it comes to deciding in which market to transact a trade . 
One of the plan 's authors has defended the `` socioeconomic disadvantage '' category as perhaps making more sense than the current affirmative-action preferences based on race . 
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction . 
And if you `` consider the changing distribution of credit , '' Mr. Durkin says , `` much of the increase in debt in recent years is due to increasing credit use by higher-income families , '' that is , `` those probably best able to handle it . '' 
They speak volumes about the state of our society at a given moment . 
Kary Moss , an attorney with the ACLU 's Women 's Rights Project , said , `` They wanted a svelte-looking woman , and a pregnant woman is not svelte . 
However , if the secretary concludes that a transaction has made a carrier unfit to operate , the department may revoke its certificate , grounding the airline . 
Striking workers , who began striking five diamond mines on Oct. 13 , had returned to work last week when the union and De Beers arranged to reopen negotiations . 
Confronted with the evidence , Mr. Tharp pleaded guilty to one charge of filing a false return and was fined $ 5,000 and sentenced to 18 months in prison . 
I was just sitting down to meet with some new therapy clients , a couple , and the building started shaking like crazy . 
And at 9:15 , they posted a $ 135 to $ 155 `` first indication , '' or the price range in which the stock would probably open . 
The results underscore Sears 's difficulties in implementing the `` everyday low pricing '' strategy that it adopted in March as part of a broad attempt to revive its retailing business . 
In addition , the directors said if a bid by Mr. Drabinsky is successful , Cineplex expects Rank Organisation PLC to acquire the 51 % of Cineplex 's Film House unit it does n't own , and provide Mr. Drabinsky with additional loan financing . 
Now , after beating them , Mr. Achenbaum is joining them . 
Christie 's will soon have a sale of Dada and Symbolist art while Sotheby 's is luring collectors with sales of Swiss , German , Spanish , Australian and Canadian paintings . 
But it may lead to separate financial reports based on different rules for the government entities under FASB rules and those still under GASB rules . 
He figures Akzo is likely to be one of the few major chemical companies to show profit growth next year . 
That produced little reaction from his boss , reinforcing speculation the government would use its two conditions as a pretext for avoiding full EMS membership . 
The increase was due mainly to a $ 325 million order from Turkey to equip its fleet of F-16 fighters with Loral 's ALQ-178 Rapport III electronic countermeasures system . 
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say . 
He was co-chairman of Mr. Bush 's Arizona campaign committee in last year 's election , and also worked for Mr. Bush in the 1980 election . 
NASA wo n't attempt a rescue ; instead , it will try to predict whether any of the rubble will smash to the ground and where . 
It 's a world leader in auto manufacturing , but its aviation industry is struggling , and its space program is years behind the U.S. , the Europeans and the Soviets . 
Then the short-term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets . 
In New York City , the new Chancellor , Joseph Fernandez , has landed like a 16-inch shell in the middle of a system that has been impervious to serious reform . 
BankAmerica climbed 1 3\/4 to 30 after PaineWebber boosted its investment opinion on the stock to its highest rating . 
Jim Farooquee , chief executive officer of the Tustin , Calif. , computer accessories supplier , said he was `` comfortable '' with analysts ' expectations that CMS would earn between six cents and eight cents a share on revenue of about $ 42 million . 
Eagle Clothes Inc. , which is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , said it reached an agreement with its creditors . 
The number working at the time of the blast was n't known . 
The banks badly want to break into all aspects of the securities business . 
GM 's U.K. unit holds crucial talks today with union officials about its consideration of an Ellesmere Port site for its first major engine plant in Britain . 
The bills are dated Oct. 31 and mature Dec. 21 , 1989 . 
But it hints strongly that both organizations would increasingly lose their clout as the changes , particularly the introduction of wholesale trade and the breakup of state monopolies , take effect . 
Although the majority of junk bonds outstanding show no signs of default , the market has downgraded many junk issues as if they were in trouble , says Stuart Reese , manager of Aetna Life & Casualty Insurance Co. 's $ 17 billion investment-grade public bond portfolio . 
He said he expects Lotus Development Corp. to introduce a Next version of its popular 1-2-3 spreadsheet program in 1990 . 
Drexel 's proposed state fines have been based on a state 's population and on the size of Drexel 's business in the state . 
TW Services dropped 1 1\/4 to 31 1\/4 following the postponement of a $ 1.4 billion junk-bond offering that would have permitted Coniston Partners to complete its takeover of the company . 
New York real estate brokerage Edward S. Gordon Co. will have the difficult task of finding new tenants . 
The computer can process 13.3 million calculations called floating-point operations every second . 
Most are trim . 
Bonds : Excludes bond funds . 
The notes can be redeemed starting in July 1991 . 
He has too readily swallowed the case for the activist law school culture . 
`` What 's encouraging about this is that retail chains will be sold on the basis of their sales and earnings , not liquidation values , '' said Joseph E. Brooks , chairman and chief executive officer of Ann Taylor Inc. , a specialty chain . 
The extra margin for bases in the U.S. enhances the power of the appropriations committees ; meanwhile , lawmakers used their positions to garner as much as six times what the Pentagon had requested for their individual states . 
And it is how African-Americans and other minority groups were guaranteed their equal rights as citizens in this nation . 
Electronic gimmicks are key . 
Doubts about the quality of state credit guarantees could reduce the competitive strength of Finnish companies in world markets where financing often is the key to winning orders , analysts warn . 
In Panama , the U.S. interests at stake were happily minor ; the only people killed were foreigners hapless enough to trust American will . 
IBM shares closed at $ 103 , down 50 cents , in Big Board trading . 
FEDERAL JUDGE EXPANDS role of U.S. courts in extradition decisions . 
While Boeing 's commercial business is booming , its military business is feeling the effects of a declining defense budget after a strong buildup during the Reagan presidency . 
Nora Worth and Malcolm DeWitt , 33 and 39 respectively , live together in a townhouse in a transitional Philadelphia neighborhood . 
`` Unless it gets more help , the U.S. industry wo n't have a chance , '' says Peter Friedman , Photonics 's executive vice president . 
The U.S. and Canada joined every European country except Albania at the meeting . 
Mr. Jackson showed up at the affair to sign autographs for a fee as well . 
Also , he said , the partnership is waiting to see whether the appellate division 's ruling will be appealed . 
But long-term Treasury bonds staged a modest rally , with prices on most issues rising about half a point , or $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
However , in interviews later , both ministers stressed that they expect future OPEC quotas to be based mainly on the production capacity and reserves of each member . 
Saudi Arabia , OPEC 's kingpin , abandoned a policy of flooding the market to punish quota-cheaters . 
Western Union must make $ 48 million in interest payments on the reset notes on Dec. 15 , and a company spokesman said it fully intends to meet the payments . 
The time is Pacific Daylight Time , and the initials or nicknames are those subscribers use to identify themselves . 
Because of the early settlement , the Federal Reserve was unable to purchase bills for its system account . 
He later defended the Chinese government 's response during a separate visit to West Germany . 
The building , which will handle child abuse , custody and foster care cases , will be `` less formal , less threatening and just basically less grim than most courthouses , '' says Edmund Edelman , chairman of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors . 
Maybe we need a CIA version of the Miranda warning : You have the right to conceal your coup intentions , because we may rat on you . 
It buys loans from lenders , packages some into securities for sale to investors and holds the remainder in a portfolio . 
Indeed , Mr. Corry , at an August press conference , talked about investing in steel as long as it provides a good return and `` not a day longer . '' 
