In one , birds are the dominant carnivores ; in another the seas abound with `` little penises . '' 
At 31 , Mr. McDuffie has a rich , full-bodied tone , an admirable rhythmic precision and an increasingly busy schedule . 
`` The environment is a lot more trading-oriented , '' said Gary Rosenbach , manager of equity trading at the OTC stock firm Needham & Co. in New York . 
A second decision , handed down in August by the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , is another blow against scholarship . 
Their other staple has been corporate takeovers , often hostile and financed by junk bonds . 
For Contel 's part , the company a month ago informed each of its money managers that it would drop them if they give business to program-trading firms . 
To make skiing more convenient for time-strapped visitors , several resorts are buying or starting their own travel agencies . 
Michael Frawley , metals trader for PaineWebber Inc. in New York , said there is good technical support between $ 1.10 and $ 1.12 a pound for December copper , which ended Friday at $ 1.1580 a pound , up 1.6 cents . 
But GM officials said they , too , were surprised by the move , which left them to `` consider all our options and explore matters further . '' 
Analysts expect others to show a similar pattern . 
He was Mr. Hoffman in a 1979 Los Angeles production of a play called `` The Chicago Conspiracy Trial . '' 
The two sides also traded accusations about the cost of the Packwood plan . 
Her challenge is to keep her fledgling empire on top in the 1990s . 
Announcement of the approval is expected to be made by Louis Sullivan , secretary of Health and Human Services . 
On Wall Street yesterday , northern California 's killer earthquake was just another chance to make a buck . 
And people who know Mr. Kravis say he is n't in a hurry to pour more money into SCI TV . 
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor . 
Spokesmen for the television networks of CBS Inc. and Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , say there are no plans to alter the children 's line-up on Saturday mornings . 
The challengers will have a big price advantage . 
Great Western 's provision for loan losses was increased to $ 27.9 million for the recent quarter compared with $ 21.8 million a year ago primarily as a result of `` continued weakness in various commercial and multifamily real estate markets outside California . '' 
Short interest in the American depositary receipts of Jaguar , the target of both Ford Motor and General Motors , more than doubled . 
In 1983 , the loans were converted into equity , giving Manila 98 % of the bank , but with the understanding that Mr. Ty had repurchase rights . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Mr. Lipstein 's absence from the meeting here raised speculation that the sale is in trouble . 
At Chase Manhattan Bank in New York , for example , the yield on a small denomination six-month CD fell about a quarter of a percentage point to 8.06 % . 
Total Assets plans and designs computer centers , computer security systems and computer backup systems . 
It is unclear , however , if the machinists would support a majority stake , as the pilots want . 
And Beijing has pulled back on domestic loans and subsidies , leaving many domestic buyers and export-oriented plants strapped for cash . 
Rep. Bates said he would write the letters as ordered . 
Indexing for the most part has involved simply buying and then holding stocks in the correct mix to mirror a stock market barometer , such as Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , and match its performance . 
The agency said Polish Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki told Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Mahmoud Vaezi of Poland 's willingess to purchase the gas during Mr. Vaezi 's current visit to Warsaw . 
But lawmakers want to extend the period for 100 % federal funding for several months . 
The insurers ' relative resilience gave the market time to reappraise the impact of the California disaster on U.K. equities , dealers said . 
All of the Big Three suffered in the just-ended period , however , with sales of all domestically made cars , including those built at Japanese-managed plants , falling 19 % to 158,863 from a year earlier . 
It is generally agreed that when CFCs rise from earth to stratosphere , the chlorine in them is capable of interfering with the process through which ultraviolet rays split oxygen molecules and form ozone . 
B.A.T shares rose 29 pence to 783 pence on London 's stock exchange yesterday . 
The figures exclude lump-sum payments and cost-of-living adjustments , so the actual wage increases may have been bigger . 
The revised LIN-BellSouth agreement boosts the dollar amount of the special dividend LIN promises to pay shareholders . 
I have a different approach to offer , not only to Californians , but to all Americans . 
As a result of last year 's decline , the government 's estimate for the number of people living below the poverty line declined by about 500,000 . 
In most civil cases , judges allow each side three such challenges . 
Mr. Peladeau says he is n't trying to catch up to Donnelley , which has annual sales of over $ 3 billion . 
Casinos today offer bowling alleys , water parks , golf courses , tennis courts , lush swimming pools and other diversions , and more such facilities are being designed . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Time Warner closed at $ 138.625 a share , up $ 1.875 , while Warner closed at $ 63.875 a share , up 12.5 cents . 
`` For a piece on local heroes of World War II , we can ask people to leave the name and number of anyone they know who won a medal , '' he says . 
A combination of factors -- a weariness among some conservatives , a decline in the perception of a Soviet threat and a preoccupation with other issues -- seem to explain the strange tranquility . 
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said . 
`` There will still be deals , '' argues Mr. Connolly . 
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime-time shows . 
Between 1965 and 1985 , Polish waters fit for human consumption dropped from 33 % to 6 % of all surface waters , while those unfit even for industry use nearly doubled . 
`` Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg 's corn-based lines simply because they are made of oats , '' says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire . 
Other scandal survivors are sometimes the best source of solace . 
Separately , Standard & Poor 's Corp. lowered its ratings on Valley National Corp. 's senior debt to double-B from double-B-plus , affecting about $ 300 million of long-term debt . 
`` It 's a question of timing , '' says Mayumi Takayama , managing director of international operations at Isetan Co. , a Tokyo department store . 
Christies says it has had no contact with Mr. Morishita since the stock purchase , but that it 's happy to deal with him . 
The problem has been particularly damaging to the OTC market , traditionally a base for the small investor . 
Integrated did n't identify the party or say why the talks failed . 
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted . 
And combining Fraser & Neave 's own soft drinks with Coca-Cola 's gives the Singapore company more than half the share of the soda market there , Coke said . 
People familiar with Nekoosa said its board is n't likely to meet before the week after next to respond to the bid . 
Analysts say its chances of success will likely hinge on how well Trelleborg manages to cooperate with Noranda in the Falconbridge venture . 
So term insurance may not be as cheap as it looks . 
Lawmakers must decide next month whether the Contras will get so-called humanitarian aid under a bipartisan agreement reached in March . 
American Home Products Corp. wants to acquire Robins , but only if all legal challenges to the plan are exhausted . 
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances . 
Last year , the prisons ' sales to the Pentagon totaled $ 336 million . 
The rise matches that of the Dow Jones industrials this year . 
And federal officials are promising to move rapidly with federal highway aid to rebuild the area 's severely damaged road system . 
The protection from using married puts is clearly superior to that afforded by another options strategy some investors consider using during troubled times : selling call options on stocks the investor owns . 
If the market surges , holders can make that much more profit ; the leverage effectively acts as an interest-free margin account for investors . 
One research institute calculated that as much as 67 % of corporate-owned land is held by 403 companies -- and that as little as 1.5 % of that is used for business . 
Second , the $ 5,760 I 'd get back would be much diminished in purchasing power by 10 years of inflation ; Amex , not I , would get the benefit of the investment income on my money , income that would have exceeded the inflation rate and thus given the company a real profit . 
`` It 's very easily influenced by changes in the stock market and the junk bond market . '' 
To hear advertisers tell it , the magazine just has n't kept up with the times . 
Perhaps to debunk the analysts ' talk of over-capacity , Michael today will take some of the skeptics on a tour of its new Gaylord , Minn. , plant . 
The problem : They 're saddled with huge plants that require costly maintenance . 
That would send prices plummeting from what some gun-shy U.S. oil executives still regard as too low a level . 
CONSERVATIVES EXPECT Bush to solidify their majority on a key court . 
Gollust , Tierney & Oliver is likely to contribute more than the $ 120 million in equity it had planned on . 
For Ms. Johnson , dealing with the earthquake has been more than just a work experience . 
The issue is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securitiess . 
That 's the rule . 
Three years ago , the Internal Revenue Service 's office in San Jose , Calif. , opened its doors to on-site massage . 
Since Sept. 1 , about 13 million fewer bushels of U.S. soybeans have been sold overseas than for the same period last year . 
D.T. also has a prodigious and flawless memory , is utterly fearless , and could n't be distracted by the sexy nude sculptures spread around the playing hall , in the New York Academy of Art . 
The now-standard price of $ 1 a share came about by accident . 
The October short interest represents 1.04 days of average daily trading volume in the smaller stocks in the system for the reporting period , compared with 0.94 day a month ago . 
The average yield on small-denomination three-month CDs moved up two-hundredths of a percentage point in the latest week to 7.85 % . 
His meals are most often prepared by women he trusts -- his full-time mistress , Vicky Amado , and her mother , Norma . 
Some maintain underwriters also have been inept . 
Delmed , which makes and sells peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Robert S. Ehrlich , chairman , president and chief executive officer , and of Leslie I. Shapiro , chief operating officer and chief financial officer . 
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group . 
As the air clears from last week 's storm of resignations and reshufflings , the government faces a daunting job of rebuilding confidence in its policies . 
Two of the directors resigned , Mr. Skase said , so the payments have n't yet been approved . 
The maker of telecommunications management systems had 6,420,268 shares outstanding as of Sept. 30 . 
The new line is aimed directly at International Business Machines Corp . 
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year . 
Bausch & Lomb Inc. said it plans to introduce next year a new line of sunglasses containing melanin , the pigment that protects against damage from ultraviolet rays . 
Sam Merksamer , chief executive officer of the nationwide jewelry chain , and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker Corp. , both declined to comment . 
`` There 's a revolution ahead of us that will ultimately change the way we market and distribute steel , '' says William Dennis , vice president , manufacturing and technology , for the American Iron Ore and Steel Institute . 
The shares are redeemable after the end of 1994 . 
Arthur B. Crozier , 34 , an attorney , was named secretary , succeeding John Virtue , who was another of the ousted directors . 
Rep. Don Edwards , the California Democrat , warned Mr. Allen that the speech would be `` outside the scope of the commission 's jurisdiction . '' 
Earlier this month , Staples Inc. , a Newton , Mass. , office-supplies discounter , said it would accelerate expansion plans nationwide and offer more of its stock to the public . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
Business complained earlier this year when Sen. Kennedy introduced a bill that would require employers to provide a minimum level of health insurance to workers but does n't contain cost-control measures . 
With the increase , even more developing-country energy and talent would be diverted from creating profitable economic systems to setting up economic planning ministries that generate IMF-approved economic plans . 
`` We think we 're on target in looking for renewed economic deterioration , '' he said . 
Now the Journal , flush with ads and hugely profitable , is even with La Presse in weekend circulation and outsells it 3 to 2 every weekday . 
Such defensive issues as food , tobacco , and drug stocks have been in favor for some time . 
That plan exceeded the numbers contained in his budget message by $ 45 billion . 
`` Texas has lost its distinctiveness , leaving Texans with a hunger to feel proud about themselves , '' says Stephen Klineberg , a sociology professor at Rice University , Houston . 
Renaissance , a Cincinnati-based money manager , began buying stocks again this week with half of the $ 1.8 billion that it oversees for clients , according to people familiar with the firm 's revised strategy . 
`` Frankly , it was like he worked for the Lincoln public-relations department , '' Mr. Stelzer testified . 
According to Mr. Nixon 's office , `` This is solely a fact-finding trip . 
Drexel is owed $ 20 million by the partnership . 
Should you really own stocks ? 
Mr. Kochan also likes long-term , investment-grade corporate bonds and long-term Treasurys . 
In addition to 26 chapters in the U.S. , there are 40 chapters in foreign countries . 
The next most active top-tier stock was B.A.T Industries , the target of Sir James Goldsmith 's # 13.4 billion bid . 
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said it awarded General Dynamics Corp. a $ 64 million contract to launch the Combined Release and Radiation Effects Satellite in June 1990 . 
X-rays , by contrast , travel straighter and can be focused more tightly than light . 
For instance , K mart is opening big food and general merchandise stores , called hypermarkets , and warehouse-type stores specializing in office products and sporting goods . 
`` It should be treated like the Medellin { drug } mafia , not the Founding Fathers . '' 
The vote in Ankara was boycotted by opposition politicians , who vowed to oust Ozal . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.35 % six months . 
South Korean consumer prices rose 5 % in the first 10 months of this year , matching the government 's target for the entire year , according to the Bank of Korea and the Economic Planning Board . 
They wo n't have that incentive because they wo n't have that market . 
As investors speculated about the long - and short-term implications , shares of a number of companies that might either profit or face problems because of the disaster were actively traded . 
Average daily volume in S&P 500 futures last year was 44,877 contracts . 
Federal revenues rose 9 % to $ 990.79 billion . 
With the fall social season well under way , name-droppers are out in force , trying to impress their betters and sometimes put down their lessers . 
Instead , Valhi said , they may increase , decrease or retain their Lockheed holdings , depending on a number of conditions . 
Kary Moss , an attorney with the ACLU 's Women 's Rights Project , said , `` They wanted a svelte-looking woman , and a pregnant woman is not svelte . 
When the computers say `` sell , '' the composite tumbles as well as the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
And to succeed in the turnaround business , he says , developers may have to put in a lot of money and time . 
Well-Seasoned Reasoning 
Despite the problems with new issues , high-yield bonds showed gains in the secondary , or resell , market . 
`` We 've finally been able to convince them that Casey and { Oliver } North do n't work here anymore , '' says one administration official . 
I attended several of these in the dual role as a presenter of research findings as well as an investigator of my hosts . 
Some are even coming up with their own novel designs . 
Mr. Krenz , 52 , was named the new party chief just minutes after the Party 's 163-member Central Committee convened in East Berlin . 
Trouble is , junk bond prices have been weak for months . 
The move by the nation 's largest steelmaker follows a string of earlier announcements by other major steel companies . 
As late as the 1890s , the Russian government prevented any coverage of famines . 
What is certain is that if Americans allow another happening like the degrading Bork confirmation circus , it will be at their peril . 
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV-B measurements . 
Par said it is cooperating in the investigation . 
In fact , they 've spent billions of dollars to boost the percentage of continously cast steel to 60.9 % in 1988 , from 39.6 % five years before . 
The lower interest income occurred because Schlumberger spent $ 1.2 billion buying back its stock last year . 
`` But we had a fairly active day yesterday . '' 
The individual foreign policy carried out by U.S. legislators adds to a confusing U.S. performance that has emboldened Soviet initiatives in Central America . 
From my orange seat , I looked over the first-base line and the new-mown ball field in the warm sun of the last few minutes before what was to have been the third game of the World Series . 
The executives face five to 15 years in prison and fines of $ 5,000 or double the profit made by failing to comply with the rules . 
December municipal futures ended up 11\/32 point to 92-14 , having pulled off a morning low of 91-23 as cash municipals rebounded . 
The bill would thwart a recent Labor Department opinion that investing individual-retirement-account funds to earn free checking violates the law . 
( Rexall Drug Co. vs. Tigue ; E.R. Squibb & Sons Inc. vs. Hymowitz , and Eli Lilly & Co. vs. Hymowitz ) 
`` On the way home , '' his notes recall , `` it took concentrated effort to keep that car pointed south . 
The reason , ad executives say , is that the entire magazine business has been soft -- and National Geographic has some quirks that make it especially unattractive during a soft market . 
Pricing details were n't available . 
The IRS denied cost deductions because few of the temps got to go aboard . 
After a wonderfully frivolous early childhood , they are exposed to rigid discipline as soon as they enter school . '' 
We 'll raise it through { new } equity . 
`` We 've run into a market that was beginning to run out of steam and get frothy , '' he says . 
Because the show has acquired a sense of place by being filmed on location in Georgia , this episode -- in which Althea gets raped by an arrogant white schoolteacher -- does a decent job of tracing the social repercussions of the crime . 
Indeed , according to West German government sources , he was one of the leaders in the power struggle that toppled Mr. Honecker . 
In its basic structure and style the book is novelistic , with piquant character portrayal , hard-wire action and devious intrigue of the sort more likely to be encountered in a Washington docudrama than in a constitutional history . 
In any high-stakes case , you can be sure that one side or the other -- or even both -- is using litigation consultants . 
Japanese concerns have retained a number of publishing consultants and media brokers to study the U.S. market , including the New York-based investment banker Veronis , Suhler & Associates . 
`` It was like a comedy of errors , '' says Martin J. `` Hoot '' McInerney , a big dealer whose Star Lincoln-Mercury-Merkur operation in Southfield , Mich. , sold more XR4Ti 's than any other dealership . 
Pearl Group rose 5 to 628 , and Sun Life finished unchanged at # 10.98 . 
Those Metropolitan Life ads were bad enough . 
The economic dislocation was as abrupt as the earthquake itself , as virtually all businesses shut down . 
John V. Holmes , an investment-newsletter publisher , and three venture-capital firms he organized were enjoined from violating the registration provisions of the securities laws governing investment companies . 
Frank J. Pascale , chairman of Eagle , will be chairman of the new firm and James C. Smith , president and chief executive officer of Webster , will take those posts at Webster\/Eagle . 
None of the problems is necessarily fatal , and they are n't all necessarily even related . 
`` He had an elegant uniform with gold buttons in a country where there was a cult of militarism , where officers were the elite with special privileges , '' recalls Darien Ayala , a fellow student in Peru and a lifelong friend . 
Analysts say USAir stock might lose four or five points if the Steinhardt stake was dumped all at once . 
Du Pont , which announced plans for a 3-for-1 stock split and raised its quarterly dividend by 14 % , jumped 2 1\/2 to 117 3\/8 . 
They long made little effort here . 
Investors believe they can can rely on such derivative securities to get in and out of the stock market without actually selling any stocks ; that is , a way of staying liquid even when they own stocks . 
Laboring in blue and gray overalls , they are supposed to concentrate on cleaning out crevices , and not strain their eyes looking for diamonds . 
`` Under the banner that proclaims the ` renewal of socialism , ' '' he said , `` forces are at work that are striving to eliminate socialism . '' 
Sales rose 4.8 % to $ 1.20 billion from $ 1.14 billion . 
Duck swarms . 
CRRES is a joint NASA-Air Force satellite to study the effects of space radiation on micro-electronic components . 
The bribery scheme took place between 1982 and 1985 , according to documents filed by prosecutors in connection with Mr. Lavelle 's guilty plea in federal district court in Alexandria , Va . 
Expect `` tricky '' stuff from pitchers , says Mr. Weaver , the manager . 
U.S. Judge Leonard B. Sand set the Garcias ' sentencing for Jan. 5 . 
Specialized Equity and Convertible Funds 
The Beebes alleged that toxic fumes from the carpets made them sick . 
Ohbayashi is Japan 's second largest construction company . 
But Mr. Skinner disagreed , calling the legislation `` a retreat from the policy of deregulaton of the airline industry . '' 
Because a purchaser can use an FHA loan to finance all points and closing costs , the FHA can wind up lending more than a house is worth . 
Company expects to be fully operational by next week . 
The company already is gearing up for a renaissance of nuclear power even though it has n't received an order for a domestic nuclear plant in a decade . 
The investment bank has previously announced that as part of its punishment it would create an independent foundation to promote ethical behavior in the securities industry . 
In his `` Measure , '' Mr. Boyd has `` modernized '' the pimps and prostitutes of Vienna whom Angelo is supposed to bring under control by converting them into transvestites , punk rockers and heavy metal types , with a strong emphasis on leather , chains and porno-inspired costumes . 
Even though the government would retain the 45 % stake in Picop , critics have accused the trust of selling out to foreigners . 
That will involve a substantial increase in overseas manufacturing capacity , he acknowledged , but did n't provide specific details . 
The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. `` have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months '' on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse . 
But stunning volatility was produced in the process . 
And both the trust and Manville are seeking to avoid the bad publicity that , in the asbestos era , tarred the Manville name . 
When his wife , Betsy , came down the aisle on their wedding day in 1966 , Mr. Engelken -- no slouch on the romantic front -- gave her the ultimate compliment : `` You look prettier than Bobby Thomson 's home run . '' 
Also last spring , Rep. Ron Dellums ( D. , Calif. ) , introduced a bill requiring universal two-party consent to any tapings in cases that do n't involve law enforcement . 
Dr. Solomon Sobel , director of metabolism and endrocrine drug products for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , said FDA officials have discussed Dr. Toseland 's findings `` fairly intensively . '' 
The Senate Banking Committee will begin hearings next week on their proposal to expand existing federal housing programs . 
But Sen. Mitchell , buoyed by his victory among fellow Democrats , strongly disagreed . 
Judith Elkin , lawyer for the creditors , said the creditors group is challenging certain accounting entries on the parent company 's books and estimates that the receivable owed the steel company could be as much as $ 40 million . 
Mr. Noriega would order them all to take off their clothes and run around the courtyard naked , laughing at them and then retreating to his office . 
In a statement , Equitec Chairman Richard L. Saalfeld said the transfer will benefit both the company and investors in the 12 limited partnerships included in the proposed rollup . 
But analysts said the rebound did n't remove the cautious mood from the market . 
They 're in the midst of a turnaround , '' she noted . 
But David N. McCammon , vice president , finance , insisted that cost-cutting and tight production capacity will make results `` better in this downturn than in prior downturns , '' when Ford had net losses . 
The Little Rock , Ark. , department-store retailer said proceeds will be used to reduce short-term debt . 
California , where earthquake damage may top $ 5 billion , plans a special legislative session . 
Last week , Budget Director Richard Darman structured the $ 16.1 billion spending reduction , half of which must come from defense , to `` impose a little bit more discipline '' by applying cuts to each individual program , project or activity in the budget . 
WCRS 's restructuring reflects the growing importance of media buying in Europe , where the only way to get a good price on advertising time and space is to buy it in bulk . 
But sale increases were offset by slumping sales in flat glass and fiberglass reinforcements , the company said . 
In Oakland , hopes faded for finding any more survivors within the concrete and steel from the collapse of an interstate highway . 
No longer innocent , they qualified as fools . 
The CBOE , American Stock Exchange , Options Clearing Corp. and Stephen Fossett , owner of Fossett , joined in putting up $ 50 million to guarantee the accounts at First Options . 
Kyle Technology Corp. said a Seattle investor has signed a letter of intent to buy the company for about $ 3.1 million , or $ 1.20 a share . 
The British press , making a mountain out of a molehill , precipitated an unnecessary economic crisis by portraying Mrs. Thatcher as an autocrat who had thrown economic policy into confusion by driving a respected figure from her government . 
When it was restarted , heat output `` really took off '' and produced excess heat for several hours before dying down , he said . 
He argued that program-trading by roughly 15 big institutions is pushing around the markets and scaring individual investors . 
Bankers believed in the greater-fool theory that says somebody else is always willing to pay more . 
Once triggered , the rights allow holders to buy additional shares at 50 % of the then current market price or , at the board 's discretion , to receive securities or assets . 
He began by closing 120 of the combined companies ' 260 offices in two months , eliminating about 31 % of the company 's 2,500-person adminstrative staff , including more than 100 sales positions . 
`` Management does n't want surprises , '' notes Jack Zaves , who , as fuel-services director at American Airlines , buys some 2.4 billion gallons of jet fuel a year . 
`` We have been a great market for inventing risks which other people then take , copy and cut rates . '' 
The year-earlier nine months include a gain of $ 35 million , or 13 cents a share , from sale of the company 's Electricity Control & Transformers division . 
Scientists felt differently . 
A big solitary bear . 
Arguably , both were on notice that their behavior was at least risky . 
Now it is their fellow Turks arriving as refugees from Bulgaria . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Ruskin had said that holders of the other 45 % of United Merchants would receive one-half share of a new preferred stock for each of their shares . 
They can ignore the S&P 500 stocks altogether and focus on particular types of stocks , such as smaller companies , those paying high dividends or companies in a particular industry , state or country . 
Nor is Tokyu the only Japanese retailer interested in Bloomingdale 's , which bankers in Tokyo estimate could cost between $ 1 billion and $ 1.5 billion . 
Amgen advanced 1 1\/2 to 56 ; Chiron jumped 2 to 29 3\/4 ; Cetus gained 1 to 16 7\/8 and Biogen rose 5\/8 to 14 5\/8 . 
`` We 've had a few bombs , '' admits Mr. Peters . 
The company downplayed the loss of Mr. Lesk and split his merchandising responsibilities among a committee of four people . 
Rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by BT Securities , a subsidiary of Bankers Trust New York Corp . 
There are , however , some alternatives that income-oriented investors should consider , investment advisers say . 
Total turnover in Glaxo was a thin 975,000 shares . 
The statement was the U.S. government 's first acknowledgement of what other groups , such as the International Monetary Fund , have been predicting for months . 
Letting officials express their own nuances can be educational . 
The company said the improved performance from a year ago reflects higher commissions and revenue from marketmaking and trading for its own account . 
SKF said sales increased 17 % to 18.46 billion kronor from 15.72 billion . 
It 's expected to produce about 62,000 barrels per day . 
Reports of Dr. Toseland 's findings in the British press have triggered widespread concern among diabetics there . 
I remembered being fired at age 44 , with five children at home , when my views and actions were deemed unsettling by a timid , small-town employer . 
A big pension-insurance case will be reviewed by the Supreme Court . 
Before good will , Overnite Transportation earnings fell 11 % to $ 15 million , Union Pacific said . 
The media concern said net income rose to $ 37.8 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 32 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Indeed , over-the-counter stocks , led by technology issues , outleaped the industrial average . 
The wholesale price index , based on 1963 as 100 , was 180.9 in September . 
Some 46 % give foreign cars higher quality ratings , down from 50 % two years ago . 
Bank Deposits : Currency , checking-account deposits , small savings and time deposits , certificates of deposits , money-market fund shares . 
`` We have the structure , people and plan , '' Mr. Isler said in a statement . 
His client , Mr. Davis , used just such a letter from Citicorp in pursuing UAL ; Citicorp later agreed to work with a competing UAL buy-out group . 
And my time has come . 
We have been persuaded by the constitutional argument for the inherent line-item veto since 1987 , when lawyer Stephen Glazier first made the case on this page . 
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania . 
Waxman sells a variety of hardware products for the home repair market . 
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial-services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added . 
We think revenue will continue to grow and that we can control costs and thus improve profitability . '' 
Akzo also makes products derived from salt , such as chlorine and caustic soda . 
`` Who would the board be working for -- the public shareholders or the pilots ? '' she adds . 
Federal wiretap statutes recognize the right of employers to monitor employees ' for evaluation purposes . 
For the full fiscal year ending next March , Oji predicted that total sales of 477.00 billion yen , up from 420.68 billion yen in the previous fiscal year . 
Arkla Exploration owns sizable gas and crude-oil reserves in the South and Southwest . 
`` There are a lot of them , and they have property . '' 
For the fourth quarter , Bristol-Myers Squibb will report one set of earnings . 
The level of negative sentiment measured by the Big Board short interest ratio slipped to 3.36 from last month 's 3.38 . 
But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation that accompanies a vigorous merger and buy-out business , and UAL has obviously put a damper on that . 
That brought in considerable fund selling , which continued until the close of trading . 
Michael Ruettgers , who had been executive vice president , operations , was named president and chief operating officer . 
`` We think the worst is over '' in the European information-technology market , she said . 
International Business Machines Corp. said its board approved the purchase of $ 1 billion of its common shares , a move that should help support its battered stock . 
The established charities are bothered by this but say they can do little about it . 
Traders attributed the action in them largely to defensive positioning in a volatile market . 
First they get us to buy computers so we can get more information . 
Mr. Smith is trying hard to allay the anger . 
The investor group includes Restaurant Investment Partnership , a California general partnership , and three Rally 's directors : Mr. Sugarman , James M. Trotter III and William E. Trotter II . 
T-bills sold at Monday 's auction yielded 7.90 % for six months and 7.77 % for three months , up from 7.82 % and 7.61 % , respectively , the week before . 
`` For the past two years , the foreign trade sector has been a major contributor to economic growth . 
Plaintiffs ' lawyers say that buildings become `` sick '' when inadequate fresh air and poor ventilation systems lead pollutants to build up inside . 
Their 85 total bases broke a record for a four-game set , and their nine home runs tied one . 
`` You 're in the catbird seat every day in this job , '' he says . 
For their part , the group of Democrats are working on a plan that , like the Packwood proposal , would grant larger exclusions to assets the longer they were held by individuals and companies . 
Third-quarter net income dropped to $ 221 million , or $ 1.55 a share , from $ 230 million , or $ 1.60 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
He said the provision `` was n't forced upon us , but the regulators made it very clear what they thought was an appropriate number . '' 
Such animosity could prove pivotal in the union vote . 
But some traders thought there was less to the rally than met the eye . 
The bad news in the junk bond market yesterday was that TW Services , a group of restaurant chains , became the latest prospective issuer to get a cold shoulder from bond buyers . 
`` These are just baby steps toward real interactive video , which I believe will be the biggest thing yet to affect television , '' he says . 
As a result , Colombia will earn $ 500 million less from its coffee this year than last . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : Prices closed lower after trading in relatively narrow ranges because of strong selling in the cash market and continued favorable harvest weather . 
He is negotiating a rich book contract to boot . 
Some marketers of surveillance gear -- including Communication Control System Ltd. , which owns the Counter Spy Shop and others like it -- already put warning labels in their catalogs informing customers of the one-party law . 
So it was with the Hiss case a generation later , when Alger Hiss became a lightning rod for the anxieties of the Cold War and conflicting attitudes toward the New Deal he had served . 
The buy-out group is headed by Paul R. Lederer , president of Parker 's automotive group , and includes several other executives of the three divisions . 
David Garth , Mayor Koch 's longtime media adviser , says of Mr. Dinkins , `` He really is the personification of the patronage system . 
Manville and a spokeswoman for the trust said that the two are discussing the proposal but a decision has n't been made . 
Pro-Iranian kidnappers renewed an offer to trade their captives in Lebanon for at least 15 Shiite Moslem comrades jailed in Kuwait . 
Edison said the acquired stores would be integrated into its current operations . 
Dream on . 
Although a Finnish group has a minority interest in an already operating Moscow hotel , the Sheraton-Pan Am venture will be the first joint-venture hotels in the Soviet Union to have as much as 50 % foreign ownership . 
It must be able to handle most of the complaints that can not be solved in the trenches by managers and their subordinates , else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases . 
In a soon-to-be published book on the territory , a political economist , Miron Mushkat , has derived three future scenarios from interviews with 41 Hong Kong government officials and businessmen . 
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company . 
The loss was largely due to a $ 55.2 million addition to reserves . 
There is some pain , when Lucy has the baby and `` did n't know she would feel like this '' and wants to keep the baby . 
The authors make a gloomy assessment of the economy and concede that `` quick and easy paths to success simply do n't exist . '' 
More than twice as many Red Delicious apples are grown as the Golden variety , America 's No. 2 apple . 
As a result of dropping the liquidation plan , shareholders will have to treat dividends received this year as ordinary income or capital gains rather than as tax free returns of capital , the company said . 
The down trend was partly the result of tighter credit sparked by a discount rate increase by the Bank of Japan in May . 
Both countries produce high-quality , low-sulfur crudes especially suited to making high-octane motor fuel at minimum refining cost . 
`` We worry about her out there , '' Cynthia says . 
As a first-time candidate , he has been slow to learn the nuances of New York City politicking . 
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah . 
So the SEC has proposed to Congress that much of the job of oversight be turned over to an industry-funded , self-regulatory organization patterned on the National Association of Securities Dealers , which operates in the brokerage business . 
An editorial in the NCI Journal says the report of declining lung-cancer mortality `` among young men and women in the U.S. indicates that we finally may be winning the battle -- this even in a country where the tobacco industry spends over $ 2 billion a year for promotion of the addictive habit of smoking . '' 
`` It helps to point out how many important people came through Cleveland on their way to the top , '' says George Miller , executive director of the New Cleveland Campaign , a nonprofit organization devoted to citing the city 's strengths . 
Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , is seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a-share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. , a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership . 
Daiwa said its pretax profits surged 9.6 % to 171.04 billion yen from 156.12 billion yen in the preceding six-month term . 
After years of relative obscurity , he is starting to attract notice for the ecological as well as the aesthetic quality of his architecture . 
But CBS will put the athletes up against Bill Cosby , `` Cheers '' and other shows in NBC 's No. 1 schedule . 
Mr. Jones is attacking the problem on several fronts . 
But he thinks investors may be overreacting to the market 's problems . 
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock-index arbitrage . 
`` Attention is fixed on the stock market for lack of anything else to sink our teeth into , '' said Robert White , a vice president at First Interstate of California . 
Since the `` yield '' from this top slice of applicants is relatively low , boosting admits from 40 % to 50 % will boost registrants from about 31 % to 38 % of the class . 
Vitro said the definitive agreements require that Anchor obtain a waiver from its bank lenders of existing covenant defaults under its bank facilities . 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. is offering the remaining $ 10 million of notes . 
Since , like earthquakes , stock market disturbances will always be with us , it is prudent to take all possible precautions against another such market collapse . 
Authorities at London 's Heathrow Airport are investigating the disappearance of a Paul Gauguin watercolor , `` Young Tahitian Woman in a Red Pareo , '' that has two sketches on its verso ( opposite ) side . 
Mr. Decker is about 45 years old . 
But an official at a long-term credit bank explained that since some larger banks have already taken loss provisions for loans to other Third World nations , further write-offs could be viewed as intolerable . 
But the specialty-material segment slowed somewhat and consumer products continued below expectations . 
The law , which Bush allowed to take effect without his signature , went into force Friday . 
250 million Dutch guilders of 7 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 15 , 1999 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 7.57 % at issue price and 7.86 % less full fees , via AMRO Bank . 
The committee is formulating Hong Kong 's constitution for when it reverts to Chinese control in 1997 , and Chinese lawmakers said the two can only return if they `` abandon their antagonistic stand against the Chinese government and their attempt to nullify the Sino-British joint declaration on Hong Kong . '' 
In doing so , he neither rejected a socialist planned economy nor embraced the free market . 
It 's also unnecessary . 
Not to judge by `` Settle the Score , '' in which Mr. Sohmer seems to be settling a score of his own . 
Venice has sunk 10 inches in this century . 
In September , Ashland settled the long-simmering dispute by agreeing to pay Iran $ 325 million . 
Mitsubishi Estate ended the day at 2680 , up 150 . 
The number had a troubling effect on Wall Street , suggesting that more fundamental economic problems may underlie last Friday 's stock market slide . 
The Senate 's public gallery was packed with Judge Hastings ' supporters , who erupted into applause after he finished his argument . 
With a conservative debt-to-equity ratio of 1-to-1 -- and $ 329 million in cash -- Manville is indeed actively on the prowl . 
The figures , due for release Friday , are expected to show an uptick in inflation to 4.8 % from 4.7 % in August . 
Mr. Greenspan said he and other Fed governors endorse a bill by Rep. Stephen Neal ( D. , N.C. ) that would require the Fed to pursue policies aimed at eliminating inflation within five years . 
Mr. Stone thought the discipline was unfair ; he believed that his manager wanted to get rid of him for personal reasons . 
A company spokesman said the decision to eliminate the dividend resulted from a quarterly appraisal and that circumstances had changed since the December announcement . 
`` You 're not going to make it in a 5 % bank account , '' says James Riepe , director of mutual funds at T. Rowe Price . 
Christopher Smith ( R. , N.J. ) , a pro-life leader in the House , suggested a compromise that would have adapted restrictive language from rape and incest exceptions in the states . 
None made it past the body searches and X-rays of mine security . 
Unice -- an acronym for the Union of Industrial and Employers ' Confederations of Europe -- fears that the charter will force EC countries to adopt a single pattern in labor relations . 
In contrast , he says , `` The stock market gained back only about half what it lost Friday , and the { government } bond market lost about half what it gained Friday . '' 
The results underscore Sears 's difficulties in implementing the `` everyday low pricing '' strategy that it adopted in March as part of a broad attempt to revive its retailing business . 
Not only do the actors stand outside their characters and make it clear they are at odds with them , but they often literally stand on their heads . 
-- Joshua Adams . 
For its fiscal year ended March 31 , Computer Sciences had revenue of $ 1.3 billion . 
Here in this new center for Japanese assembly plants just across the border from San Diego , turnover is dizzying , infrastructure shoddy , bureaucracy intense . 
The price was 3.6 billion yen ( $ 25 million ) . 
For the nine months , America West posted earnings of $ 18.9 million , or 97 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 9.7 million , or 74 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Qintex Australia owes creditors around A$ 1.2 billion . 
In Leipzig , more than 500 people met with local party officials to discuss internal changes . 
Newport Beach operations differ from the Hollywood boiler rooms in style as well as in dollars . 
Says Mr. Riese of National Restaurants : `` If you resisted on prices , maybe you would never get that telephone call about a new franchise . 
The compromise was a somewhat softened version of what the White House had said it would accept . 
K mart , based in Troy , Mich. , recently said net income would fall for the third consecutive quarter , after a 16 % drop in the first half of its current fiscal year . 
By combining his strengths in innovation and quality control with the lower costs of production abroad , he says he has been able to produce high-quality goods at low cost . 
Some fruit visionaries say the Fuji could someday tumble the Red Delicious from the top of America 's apple heap . 
Or those who choose not to farm can lease their lands and crop allotments for handsome sums . 
In addition to turning down the compromise , Judge Harold C. Abramson said he would allow a claim of only $ 19.7 million . 
The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds climbed back above 8 % , ending the day at 8.03 % . 
The U.S. and Canada , which do more trade than any other pair of nations , are to meet next month to arrange an acceleration of planned tariff cuts under the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement . 
Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal , published and printed in Hong Kong and also printed in Singapore and Tokyo , will rise 8 % . 
Mr. Smith and other top Federal executives have met with Tiger workers in Los Angeles , Ohio , New York , Alaska , Asia and Europe . 
Sales in the latest quarter rose 2 % to $ 4.25 billion from $ 4.15 billion a year earlier . 
Also late last week , UAL flight attendants agreed to participate with the pilots in crafting a revised offer . 
Two Mexican college dropouts , not professional art thieves , have been arrested for a 1985 Christmas Eve burglary from the National Museum of Anthropology in Mexico City . 
Unions are pressing demands for wage increases of more than 10 % despite general belief that economic growth next year will be less than 2 % . 
But yesterday , the company said this year 's profit will be lower . 
Mr. Koenig said : `` I just got a tremendous offer from Gruntal . 
Developing countries such as India , some analysts said , seem to have made it a point to stay away whenever sugar reached the top of its trading range , around 14.75 cents , and wait for prices to return to the bottom of the range , around 13.50 cents . 
Du Pont 's stock rose $ 2.50 a share to close at $ 117.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
Military buyers have shown interest , National says , because ferroelectric chips resist atomic radiation . 
`` So what if you miss 50 tanks somewhere ? '' asks Rep. Norman Dicks ( D. , Wash. ) , a member of the House group that visited the talks in Vienna . 
The funds would be attached to a stop-gap spending bill required to keep most of the government operating past Wednesday . 
And at first , neither the opposition nor the LDP wanted to pursue the issue . 
In addition , a one billion mark credit dating from 1974 is to be written off . 
The Soviets hope a trade agreement would give them Most-Favored Nation status , which would lower the tariffs on Soviet exports to the U.S. . 
Westinghouse Electric Corp. , capitalizing on a major restructuring program , expects operating margins of more than 10 % and double-digit per-share earnings growth next year , top officers told securities analysts here . 
Last year , the Cowboys ' share of that pie came to $ 17.6 million . 
`` The tests indicate that dual and non-dual traders are similar in terms of the trade executions and liquidity they provide to the market , '' Mrs. Gramm told the Senate panel . 
But that does n't necessarily mean thrifts are discriminating against blacks , the agency said . 
`` Sears is likely to be unsuccessful if it continues with its pricing policy when everyone else is offering unusual values . '' 
That 's an important distinction because some analysts and brokers , who perennially predict that small stocks are about to outperform bigger issues , may use any spurt in growth issues to help them sell all small stocks . 
Her dismissal angered many in the regional theater establishment and led Peter Zeisler , head of Theatre Communications Group , to write an editorial in American Theatre magazine condemning the board . 
Still , Mr. Mack says he talks to `` 30 members of Congress a week . '' 
When Chancellor Helmut Kohl travels to Poland Nov. 9 , he is expected to take with him a promise of three billion West German marks ( $ 1.6 billion ) in new credit guarantees for industrial projects . 
While there are n't any major deals in the works currently on the scale of Sony Corp. 's recent $ 3.4 billion agreement to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , observers do n't rule out a transaction of that size . 
A good Delicious can indeed be delicious . 
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award . 
British Air officials said the airline 's chairman , Lord King , was concerned about news reports indicating that British Air might be willing to participate in a bid that included a lower purchase price and better investment terms for the British carrier . 
President Carlos Salinas de Gortari used the army to oust La Quina , who reigned for 28 years over a graft-riddled empire that made state-run Petroleos Mexicanos , or Pemex , one of the world 's most inefficient oil companies . 
But they said the C$ 30-a-share bid , which was due to expire Monday , may still be extended or varied . 
Officials from the American Insurance Association 's property-claim service division , which coordinates the efforts of the claims adjusters in an area after a natural disaster , will be flying to San Francisco today . 
Individual Inc. 's technology goes beyond word searches by using a computerized thesaurus . 
Crown Resources Corp. said it reached a definitive agreement to acquire the Gold Texas Resources Ltd. shares it does n't already own . 
But Mr. Schulte , the bondholders ' adviser , said Revco was dragging its feet in responding to the proposal . 
Investment and emigration plans take time to come to fruition . 
Mr. Bullock says 45 % of revenues are tied to construction . 
'' His answer reveals his vulnerability -- it also draws the line that Soviet society must cross to enter the normal dialogue of Western culture . 
Among them are the shipbuilders , which had halved their shipyard work forces to cut costs during a prolonged slump in demand but now are capturing an increased share of the strengthening global market . 
The judge dismissed the suit and ordered Mr. Maynard 's company to pay over $ 100,000 in legal fees to the defendants ' lawyers . 
American Brands Inc. said third-quarter net income rose 13 % , reflecting strong gains in its tobacco and distilled spirits businesses . 
Men would crawl in the sand looking for shiny stones . 
The program expires April 27 . 
Because the Resolution Trust Corp . could n't spend the money fast enough , the savings-and-loan outlays were pushed into fiscal 1990 . 
The scientists at Plant Genetic Systems N.V. isolated a gene that could lead to a generation of plants possessing a high-production trait . 
The Division expects that the prosecutor will announce these principles either at the time the indictment is returned or , at the latest , at the first proceeding before the court concerning the TRO . 
The 30-share index settled 23.2 points higher at 1701.7 . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
In the Missouri case , unforeseen consequences may have arisen because the high court reinstated the preamble of the state 's 1986 abortion law . 
'' None believe the proposed management LBOs will be easy to complete , especially at B. Altman & Co. , which is under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . 
Mr. Bush 's veto power puts him a commanding position in the narrowly divided House , but a vote to override his position could well pick up new support because of the wealth of health and education programs financed in the underlying bill . 
Dresdner Bank this month moved to acquire Banque Internationale des Placements , a small French merchant bank that Deutsche Bank had looked at and passed over . 
Dealers placed heavy buy orders in the morning to start the first trading day for November transactions . 
`` Peter is the bright , sympathetic guy when you 're doing a deal , '' says one agent . 
He argues that the dollar is now `` moving sideways , '' adding that `` the next leg could be the beginning of a longer term bearish phase . '' 
Although September 's weakness followed two strong months for home sales , the decline supports other indications that the drop in mortgage rates earlier this year has had only a limited beneficial effect on the housing market . 
Warner , which is in the process of merging with Time Warner Inc. , says it is willing to settle the matter out of court . 
He says the economy , and especially the employment numbers , look much better than he expected ; interest rates have generally declined ; inflation has n't run amok . 
Falcon Cable Systems Co. said it proposed an amendment that would allow it to increase its debt cap to 65 % of the company 's fair market value from the 40 % currently allowed . 
The office also said Mrs. Marcos and her husband were n't brought to the U.S. against their will after Mr. Marcos was ousted as president . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
The lowly agent , Abel Lamb , who as you might guess , is being led to the slaughter , is ordered to take over the studio . 
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30-year-old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 . 
Ogden Projects Inc. said net income jumped to $ 6.6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the third quarter . 
In this case , the Members outdid themselves . 
But it has left holders of SCI TV 's junk bonds holding the bag , including some heavyweights that KKR might need to finance future deals , such as Kemper Financial Services , First Executive , Columbia Savings & Loan and Prudential Insurance Co. of America . 
Based on Manville 's closing price yesterday of $ 9.25 a share , Manville 's offer would purchase about 5.4 million of its preferred shares , or about 75 % of the trust 's preferred stock holding . 
The Delicious hegemony wo n't end anytime soon . 
But weak car sales raise questions about future demand from the auto sector . 
One Colombian drug boss , upon hearing in 1987 that Gen. Noriega was negotiating with the U.S. to abandon his command for a comfortable exile , sent him a hand-sized mahogany coffin engraved with his name . 
Moody 's said Houston Lighting 's current situation has some positive aspects , including managing `` very well '' the construction and commercial operation risks of Units 1 and 2 of the South Texas Project nuclear power plant . 
In Europe , the Rothschilds banks are focusing on mergers and acquisitions as European industry restructures ahead of 1992 . 
This news raised hopes for further interest-rate cuts . 
One of the artist 's earliest Fax works was `` Little Stanley Sleeping , '' a portrait of his dog . 
Quips David Shulman , director of real estate research for Salomon Brothers Inc. : `` A theme of the Urban Land conference will be ` take a pension fund manager to lunch . 
His doubts stemmed from the fact that several years earlier a Princeton University researcher , Arnold Levine , had found in experiments with mice that a gene called p53 could transform normal cells into cancerous ones . 
But they said detailed financial figures have n't been passed yet to any prospective buyers . 
PaineWebber declined to comment . 
And a Democratic aide to a Banking Committee member remarks , `` I too am astounded by it , because Gonzalez has certainly placed a lot of Democratic senators in a very bad position . '' 
Marion Harper , 73 , founder and ex-chief executive of Interpublic Group of Cos. , in Oklahoma City , of a heart attack . 
But the test may prove to be more sensitive in determining whether a tumor has spread or returned following treatment , Dr. Wilson said . 
Among bigger OTC stocks , the figures represent 2.05 days of average daily volume , compared with 2.14 days in September . 
`` I expect all the companies to appeal , '' he added . 
Campeau 's Ms. Sanger disputes Mr. Konheim 's comments . 
Federal 's stock price , however , has held up well , driven in part by the general run-up of airline stocks , analysts say . 
And that 's a problem . 
`` There is strong indication that ` Teddy Z ' is not compatible with the shows it is surrounding , '' said John Sisk , senior vice president at J. Walter Thompson Co. , a unit of WPP Group PLC . 
Indeed , institutions already are taking note . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , MCA rose $ 1.50 to $ 64 . 
Mercedes sold 82,348 cars in 1988 . 
While that could make it vulnerable to a veto by Mr. Bush , Democrats argue that a presidential rejection would give their party a valuable issue in next year 's congressional elections . 
The forest-products concern currently has about 38 million shares outstanding . 
Revco received a $ 925 million takeover offer from Texas financier Robert Bass and Acadia Partners . 
I feel about Sassy like I did about Working Woman 10 years ago . '' 
At IDS Financial Services , the financial planning and mutual fund unit , net rose 19 % to a record $ 47.6 million on a 33 % revenue gain . 
Areas that are made of ` fill ' liquefy . 
Mr. Katz advocates issues with low price-earnings ratios -- that is , low prices in relation to the company 's earnings per share . 
Varian Associates Inc. , Palo Alto , Calif. , reported fiscal fourth-quarter profit plunged more than 95 % to $ 1 million , or five cents a share , from $ 24.2 million , or $ 1.10 a share , in the year-earlier quarter . 
`` October 13th left us with a cut and exposed nerve , '' said Jack Solomon , technical analyst for Bear Stearns . 
Wang Laboratories Inc. has sold $ 25 million of assets and reached agreements in principle to sell an additional $ 187 million shortly , Richard Miller , president , said at the annual meeting . 
While D.T. shuffled its king back and forth in a defensive crouch , Mr. Kasparov maneuvered the knight to a dominant outpost . 
The latest quarter 's after-tax charge -- which is 75 cents a share -- was related to adjustments to reserves for workers ' compensation claims ; reductions in vehicle fleets , staff and facilities ; and writedowns of assets . 
Michael late yesterday announced a $ 3.8 million stock buy-back program . 
Some analysts say Noranda would prefer to break up Falconbridge , and that the Swedes -- relatively inexperienced in international mining operations -- could have problems holding their own with a much bigger partner like Noranda operating on its home turf . 
Mr. Bush said the group is to `` focus on economic sectors where U.S. expertise and cooperation can indeed make a difference . '' 
The prisons are too crowded . 
The change in charter does n't alter the federal insurance of deposits , federal regulatory powers or company operations , a spokesman said . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 3\/8 % one year . 
Is n't this the same guy who resigned as Navy secretary because he could n't get his 1,000-ship Navy ? 
The statement angered Chairman Greenspan , but it was greeted with applause by the Bush administration and the financial markets . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
We would be delighted to have such a system in place today . 
The last time parties to these settlements negotiated wage increases , mostly in 1986 or 1987 , wages increased an average of 2.4 % a year over the life of the contracts . 
In addition , Michael W. O'Donnell , executive vice president of a Columbia unit , was named assistant chief financial officer and a senior vice president of the parent company . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 3\/8 % one year . 
And , in addition to a crack team of sailors , Mr. Isler has lined up some real brass to help him finance the syndicate . 
GE , along with a division of Ebasco , a subsidiary of Enserch Corp. , have been building the first 250-megawatt phase of the project , which they expect to complete in late 1990 . 
Sometimes they are constructive , but often not . 
A spokeswoman for Paramount said the company does n't comment on speculation . 
An additional 56 % of this year 's respondents expect the economy to slow down during the next 12 months . 
`` This year , some investors are changing their policies and investing a lot . '' 
But Mr. Bush and his advisers miscalculated the politics of the abortion issue , failing to grasp how dramatically the abortion-rights movement would be aroused following last summer 's Supreme Court decision to restrict those rights in the Webster case . 
The damage will undoubtedly prove to be one of the epic human and economic disasters of the decade in this country . 
The authorities have steered foreign reporters to her office to see an example of `` the new way of thinking . '' 
`` You build up a lot of tension working at a terminal all day , '' he says . 
In New York Stock Exchange trading Friday , Conseco closed at $ 19.50 , down 25 cents . 
Mr. Cela himself was one of the lucky ones , his fortunes steadily increasing over the decades he spent putting out some 70 travelogues , novels , short story collections and poetry . 
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit . 
Revenue gained 13 % to $ 77.3 million from $ 68.5 million . 
The bids and rate proposals generally assume the Seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed , will go into operation . 
Revenue increased 7.5 % to $ 540.9 million from $ 503.1 million . 
The building houses about 4,500 Chase workers , most of whom will be moved to downtown Brooklyn after the bank 's new back office center is completed in 1993 . 
Trotting out a much-beloved Streetspeak term , New York Stock Exchange Chairman John Phelan recently declared that history would record the event as only `` a major technical correction . '' 
A few months later , Mr. Bush became Ronald Reagan 's running mate . 
Yesterday , Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. said it postponed a $ 220 million senior subordinated debenture offering by York International Corp . 
The issue is one of a judge 's experience , his competence and his physical ability to serve on the bench , '' Justice Rubin said . 
For three years , a healthy economy and the export-boosting effects of a weak dollar propelled sales and earnings of the big paper companies to record levels . 
Other banks were slightly more resilient , with Dresdner Bank shedding 4.8 to 320 , and Commerzbank slipping 2.5 to 
Meanwhile , several new issues were priced . 
But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it . 
Dealers said fresh buying was drawn into Jaguar after a senior executive of Daimler-Benz , the auto maker , told a British television interviewer during the weekend that the West German company held talks with the luxury auto maker over possible joint ventures . 
After Friday 's decline , Mr. Perritt 's firm ran statistical tests on 100 high-quality stocks , using old-fashioned value criteria devised by Benjamin Graham , an analyst and author in the 1930s and 1940s who is widely considered to be the father of modern securities analysis . 
It also declined against the mark but did n't reach its intraday low of 1.8435 marks until two hours later . 
Ashland had a loss . 
The key issue in the case , which the law firm is handling without a fee , or pro bono , is whether a person sentenced to death can voluntarily waive his rights of appellate review . 
A Sanwa Bank spokesman denied that the finance ministry played any part in the bank 's decision . 
The same Bobby Thomson , it turns out , who sells those paper-goods today . 
As a result , prices paid to farmers for the commodities , which are used in products as diverse as bubble gum and chicken feed , plummet 20 % to 33 % . 
The outstanding example of this was the motorist on the Bay Bridge who had the presence of mind to take out a video camera at the absolutely crucial moment and record the car in front as it fell into the gap in the roadway . 
The 1980s have spawned an explosion of consumer choice in America , in everything from phone companies to colas . 
If the FDA approves the new uses of psyllium , other companies are expected to rush to market with psyllium products . 
`` After a while , someone has to go over the side . '' 
But the pool of federal emergency-relief funds already is running low because of the heavy costs of cleaning up Hurricane Hugo , and Congress will be under pressure to allocate more money quickly . 
With the passing of the heady days of swelling industry sales , however , the once-sporadic and brief forays into discounting are becoming standard competitive weapons in the beer industry . 
The panels are like oversized semiconductors surfaced with a million or more picture elements , each contributing to the color and tone of a TV image . 
`` Institutions that usually buy retail paper have to be more concerned . '' 
That would give the Pentagon flexibility that no other federal agency has . 
Mr. Kaiser said traders could have picked up signals of an imminent price decline had they been watching the scrap metal markets , which became noticeably weaker two to three weeks ago . 
Contel Corp. said third-quarter net income increased 16 % to $ 72 million , or 45 cents a share , from $ 62 million , or 39 cents a share , as a result of strong growth in telephone-access lines and long-distance minutes of use . 
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow . 
Secured creditors would recover both principal and interest , while unsecured creditors would receive only principal and interest accrued before PS of New Hampshire filed for Bankruptcy Code protection in January 
`` Until the new mainframe products kick in , there wo n't be a lot of revenue contribution at the high end , and that 's hurt us , '' said Mark Steinkrauss , Digital 's director of investor relations . 
The agency will withdraw from the production of nine food products , maintaining production of the two most important ones , corn and milk . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , GTE rose $ 1.25 to $ 64.125 . 
Such sentiment is being supported by word that a large amount of cash from investment trust funds is scheduled to enter the market later this week and in early November . 
-- Democratization . 
That also is n't easy . 
As aftershocks shook the San Francisco Bay area , rescuers searched through rubble for survivors of Tuesday 's temblor , and residents picked their way through glass-strewn streets . 
The Fletcher Challenge Canada stake was then canceled , Doman said , raising Doman 's interest in Western Forest to 56 % . 
-- Among married couples , the gap between blacks and whites narrowed sharply , as income of black families shot up 6.8 % while income of whites did n't budge . 
During the televised Iran-Contra hearings , Mr. North came off as a patriot from central casting . 
He acknowledged , however , that Washington 's `` drug-related murder rate is intolerably high . 
Textron Inc. , hampered by a slowdown in its defense sales , reported an 8 % decline in per-share earnings on nearly flat revenue for its third quarter . 
Recovering radiophonic sovereignty was the purpose of Radio Costa Rica , funded by the U.S. and affiliated with the Voice of America ( VOA ) . 
Times have changed . 
The Fed 's problem is not that it is too independent , or too unpolitical . 
Some insurers have also started offering `` persistency bonuses , '' such as extra dividends or a marginally higher interest yield , if the policy is maintained for 10 years . 
Although he says he was n't keen on going , last year he attended a New York gala where his daughter made her debut . 
The commission denied Mr. Semel 's request that the fine and suspension be delayed pending the appeal . 
Do they want the spotlight for themselves or for their cause ? 
Only walking and golf increased in popularity during the 1980s -- and only slightly . 
The jewelry chain , which is based in Sacramento , Calif. , had revenue of $ 62 million and operating profit of $ 2.5 million for the year ended June 30 . 
Farmers Home Administration ( FmHA ) loans have turned into de facto giveaway programs ; losses over the next three years are expected to exceed $ 20 billion . 
The lists total $ 654.5 million . 
An agreement to sell the Wilson assets for $ 150 million in cash and notes collapsed in late September , when the buyer , a company controlled by George Gillett , could n't secure financing . 
Last month , Canadian Bond Rating Service downgraded Provigo 's commercial paper and debentures because of its lackluster performance . 
Banco Popular , meanwhile , dropped 1 1\/4 to 21 1\/2 . 
Westinghouse 's plant will provide electrical power to the Southern California Edison Co. and backup power and steam to the U.S. Borax & Chemical Co . 
But most structural engineers attributed the destruction to improper reinforcement of the columns that supported the decks , and the fact that the ground beneath the highway is largely landfill and can become unstable , or `` liquefy , '' in a major quake . 
It also can sell the right to regain the subsidiary to another party . 
A spokesman for Mr. Miles said he bought the shares because he felt they were `` a good investment . '' 
But the Pennsylvania measure also includes an `` informed consent '' provision that may become widely imitated by abortion foes who want to make women contemplating abortion as uncomfortable as possible with the procedure and with themselves . 
The company has declined requests to discuss the changes , but Mr. Weekes has said that Mr. Hollander wanted to have his own team . 
Meanwhile , in another sign that a new bid is n't imminent , it was learned that the UAL board held a telephone meeting Monday to hear an update on the situation , but that a formal board meeting is n't likely to be convened until early next week . 
Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd . ( Japan ) -- $ 300 million of 8 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 17 , 1999 , priced at 101 3\/8 to yield 8.85 % less full fees annually , via Daiwa Europe Ltd . 
One group seeks to publish a U.S.-Soviet medical journal in conjunction with the U.S.S.R. Ministry of Health . 
However , these figures do n't seem to worry Thomas A. Durkin , an economist at the Federal Reserve Board . 
Coastal , a Houston oil and gas company , said it expects to begin operations in October 1990 . 
Two weeks ago , Citicorp and Mr. Lang pumped $ 800,000 into Matilda just to keep the doors open . 
A similar situation apparently exists in the Ivory Coast with no figures released yet this year , compared with 55,000 tons as of this time a year ago . 
Nonetheless , Chairman Roger W. Johnson said he expects the company to be profitable in the current quarter . 
Small-business suppliers want prisons to stop getting high priority , especially as prison production grows with swelling inmate populations . 
I 'm surprised he did n't advocate letting people loot , since that behavior can also be foreseen in a disaster and `` every individual has an incentive to alter the distribution of income in his favor . '' 
Mr. Evans had been the de facto head of MGM\/UA for months . 
RECENT LAW school graduates are starting jobs with law firms this fall -- and heading back to class . 
Sotheby 's Holdings Inc. , the parent of the auction house Sotheby 's , said its net loss for the seasonally slow third quarter narrowed from a year earlier on a leap in operating revenue . 
Instead of lobbying for special treatment , Mr. Allen said that homosexuals and others should try to ensure equal treatment under the law and not aim for special privileges that would risk `` invidious retrenchment with government complicity . '' 
The dividend will be paid Nov. 22 to shares of record Nov. 7 . 
Proponents maintain that a president would choose to use a line-item veto more judiciously than that . 
Despite the pledge by the Communist rulers , tens of thousands of people across the country staged marches over the weekend to demand democratic freedoms . 
`` Tokyu is one of the potential buyers who might raise its hand . 
He had been president of the international operations . 
Later it was performed on Radio Bremen in Germany , and then Lucinda Childs took it for one of her dance pieces . 
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % . 
The BPCA called its team a `` stunning '' collaboration . 
Prices of other paper makers rose sharply , although Georgia-Pacific fell $ 2.50 a share , to $ 50.875 . 
The deposits , assets and certain liabilities of the three thrifts were transferred to newly chartered federal mutual institutions . 
Mr. Noriega did n't suffer from any hesitation once he had the pistol . 
The reputed wealth of the Unification Church is another matter of contention . 
At a time when Jon Levy should be planning the biggest spring season in his dress company 's 17 years , his work day is studded with intense moments of concern about one of his biggest customers , Campeau Corp . 
December delivery gold fell $ 1.80 an ounce to $ 370.60 . 
The Fed also said U.S. industry operated at 83.6 % of capacity last month , down from 83.8 % in August . 
Among stock funds , the conservative growth-and-income portfolios probably will remain popular , fund specialists say . 
Mr. Wolf has eschewed merger advice from a major Wall Street securities firm , relying instead only on a takeover lawyer , Peter Atkins of Skadden Arps Slate Meagher & Flom . 
James Cleveland , a courier who earned a Bravo Zulu for figuring out how to get a major customer 's 1,100-parcel-a-week load to its doorstep by 8 a.m. , considers himself far more than a courier . 
In principle , they will enable doctors to check the body 's motor system the way an electrician tests a home 's electrical circuits by running current through them . 
The little radio fizzes as other boats want to see if we have found any fish -- spotting location is everything in this sport . 
`` If there is another bad trade number , there could be an awful lot of pressure , '' noted Simon Briscoe , U.K. economist for Midland Montagu , a unit of Midland Bank PLC . 
The Supreme Court agreed to decide whether the federal Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. may require LTV Corp. to reassume funding responsibility for a $ 2.3 billion shortfall in the company 's pension plans . 
Grupo Desc , a big conglomerate , has long depended on Pemex petrochemicals to produce plastic packing material . 
In her first televised interview following Mr. Lawson 's resignation , Mrs. Thatcher reiterated her desire to keep sterling strong and warned again that full entry into the European Monetary System 's exchange rate mechanism would provide no easy solution to Britain 's economic troubles . 
South Korea and Japan continue to be profitable . 
Mr. Fiechter said that among the possibilities being considered by regulators to fight discrimination is the use of `` testers '' -- government investigators who would pose as home buyers . 
GENERAL MOTORS CORP. , Detroit , auto maker , annual sales of $ 123.6 billion , NYSE , sustained about 10 injuries to workers and some ruptured water mains at its New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. facility in Fremont , a joint venture with Toyota Motor Corp . 
Only half the New York small businesses surveyed , for their part , are satisfied with the police response they receive . 
James A. Toney , a vice president , sold 1,500 shares Aug. 28 . 
Edward Chojnowski does . 
The plan will help the company in its existing joint manufacturing agreement with AT&T . 
It would go along doing nothing but dissociating the heavy water and then at totally unpredictable times , it would begin producing excess heat for as long as 10 or 11 hours before quieting down . 
Traders said thrifts have stepped up their mortgage securities sales as the bond market has risen in the past two weeks . 
At Sept. 30 , the thrift , which converted to a stock form of ownership from a mutual form in April 1986 , had more than four million shares outstanding . 
He said that ill effects from new carpets manifest themselves immediately but that the Beebes ' symptoms appeared months later . 
Activity in derivative markets was strong with four new real estate mortgage investment conduits announced and talk of several more deals in today 's session . 
Time Warner Inc. is considering a legal challenge to Tele-Communications Inc. 's plan to buy half of Showtime Networks Inc. , a move that could lead to all-out war between the cable industry 's two most powerful players . 
`` But many newspapers are facing similar comparisons . '' 
Mr. Cunin , 65 years old , was chief executive of the distributor of bearings and power-transmission products from 1982 to 1988 . 
In the late 1960s some CPAs failed to correct such abuses as clients picking permissive rules that hyped earnings and stock prices . 
Paribas currently intends to offer 1,850 francs a share for Navigation Mixte shares that receive full dividends this year . 
Sierra Tucson operates an addiction treatment center . 
Bio-Technology , a New York maker of genetically engineered products for human and animal health care , said it made the exchange offer to reduce its interest payments . 
In a July 6 letter to the Senate Securities Subcommittee , First Boston Corp. argued that the fact that no retail brokerage firm failed during the 1987 market crash demonstrates that current rules are adequate . 
Ever since the link to cholesterol was disclosed , Americans have begun scarfing up psyllium in their breakfast cereals . 
Factories operated at 83.7 % of capacity , the lowest rate in more than a year and down from 84.1 % in September . 
`` And we are looking for the most cost-effective way to clean up the air . '' 
Reports by the Office of Technology Assessment do n't prescribe any specific legislative action but suggest a range of options that Congress may pursue . 
He said the independent power segment could grow to provide as much as 50 % of near-term generation capacity , adding : `` We expect to supply a significant share of this market . '' 
We believe interest rates will continue to trend lower , and the economy will slow around the world . '' 
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO . 
Individual prosperity inevitably would result . 
UAL finished at 170 , off 8 3\/8 . 
The Philippine government awarded Finland 's Outokumpu Oy the contract to upgrade the facilities of Philippine Associated Smelting & Refining Corp. , according to documents from National Development Corp. , one of Philippine company 's owners . 
In Armonk , N.Y. , a spokesman said that although IBM did n't view its spending as necessarily a way to support the stock , it thought the purchases were a good way to improve such financial measurements as per-share earnings and return on equity . 
The chips use materials , such as lead zirconate titanate , to form microscopic switches that retain their data without electricity . 
One slot is expected to go to EEOC Chairman Clarence Thomas , a black conservative ; after mulling a fight , liberals now probably wo n't put up a major struggle against him . 
He surveys the prospective investors gathered in the board room of the Philippine government 's Asset Privatization Trust for the sale of a 36 % interest in the country 's largest paper mill . 
Malaysia 's High Court is expected to approve the plan . 
It then determines which machine is free to do the task most quickly and sends the task to that machine . 
The bonds were won by a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group with a true interest cost of 7.17 % . 
Like trying to buy life insurance , for instance , an endeavor notably lacking in dash . 
The tagline : `` I only asked if she wanted a Jim Beam . 
Foreign-exchange dealers noted that the impact of the chairman 's remarks was slight and warned that the currency remains sensitive to developments on Wall Street . 
QUANTUM CORP. , Milpitas , manufactures rigid disc drives for small business computers , word processors , annual sales $ 120.8 million , OTC , open for business , minor structural damage . 
Many lawyers maintain that all 's fair in the adversary system as long as no one tampers with the evidence . 
`` I 'm not sure they 're going to make it work , '' says Mr. Anderson . 
The Swedish publishing company Bonniers owns 51 % of Are Paev , and the Estonian management company Minor owns 49 % . 
Already , the 1982 legislation has saved an estimated $ 800 million . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8400 marks , up from 1.8353 marks late Wednesday , and at 142.10 yen , up from 141.52 yen late Wednesday . 
The company said a new chief operating officer wo n't be appointed . 
Unocal Corp. 's decision to put its Norwegian oil and gas interests up for sale earlier this week is another step in the company 's strategic review of its properties , and shows that few of them are sacred cows . 
Conner already is shipping its new drives . 
Conviction on any single impeachment article was enough to remove Judge Hastings from office . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks . 
Quack . 
Roughly $ 2 billion of that debt has already been repaid from previous asset sales , and RJR expects to use another $ 2 billion from the pending , two-part sale of most of its Del Monte unit . 
It 's a flimsy structure , built up on supports , and it was really rocking around . 
Mr. Saltzburg , who teaches evidence at the University of Virginia School of Law and was a deputy assistant attorney general in the U.S. Justice Department until August , submitted his resignation earlier this month to federal Judge Robert R. Merhige Jr. , in Richmond , Va . 
Operating profit rose 4 % to 293.29 billion yen from 282.08 billion yen . 
The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics . 
Company officials say the flotations of the paper and British retailing businesses are likely only after the disposals of the U.S. retailing assets . 
Call option beginning March 31 , 1992 , if the price of the stock rises more than 50 % within 30 trading days as well as a call option for tax reasons . 
Tim Pettee , an analyst with Merrill Lynch & Co. , said : `` The business turned faster than expected . 
By a 4-0 vote , it allowed AT&T to continue offering special discount packages to big customers , called Tariff 12 , rejecting appeals by AT&T competitors that the discounts were illegal . 
`` Everybody 's confused and no one has an opinion that lasts longer than 30 seconds , '' said Mr. Zipper . 
Misery Loves Company 
Following its failure last month to win a license for one of Spain 's first three private television stations , Zeta is seeking investment opportunities in communications and publishing . 
For example , the group could offer $ 200 a share in cash plus stock valued at $ 30 a share . 
Muni bond holders are worried about the impact of a slowing economy on tax revenue , at a time when many state and local governments already face budget deficits and huge spending needs . 
Mutual funds , for example , are said to be selling existing municipal bonds to raise cash to buy new issues . 
`` Developments like this are hard to predict . 
Tokyo 's Nikkei Index of 225 stocks jumped 527.39 points to close at 34996.08 . 
`` Thomson took a called strike , '' Mr. Engelken recounts . 
StatesWest had proposed acquiring Mesa for $ 7 a share and one share of a new series of StatesWest 6 % convertible preferred stock it values at $ 3 a share . 
The State Department says that any Khmer Rouge participation would have to be `` minimal . '' 
Not only is the typical Glasswork open-ended , it is also often multiple in its context ( s ) . 
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines . 
Allied-Signal reported that net rose 1.7 % to $ 121 million , or 81 cents a share , from $ 119 million , or 80 cents a share , the year earlier . 
`` You have to go out to all your constituents , '' says James H. Giffen , who is spearheading the most ambitious attempt by U.S. firms to break into the Soviet market , involving investment of more than $ 5 billion in some two dozen joint ventures . 
Yesterday , the United ticket counter was active , with people trying to get flights out , but the airline said demand for seats into the city also was active , with people trying to get there to help family and friends . 
In France , Suez and Axa-Midi Assurances S.A. both have been on the prowl for giant acquisitions ; Suez last month acquired control of Groupe Victoire , the sixth-largest European insurance company , after a takeover battle with Cie . Industrielle . 
`` The market is concerned about its ability to underwrite all this debt at current levels . '' 
Pacific Telesis said new telephone lines increased 4.5 % for a total of about $ 13.5 million for the quarter ; toll calls increased 9.6 % to 807 million and minutes of telephone usage increased to 9.9 billion . 
A woman who once would have saved for two or three seasons to buy a U.S.-made mink can now get an imported mink right away for less than $ 2,000 . 
At the time , its shares were selling above their initial offering price of $ 19 , and bankers believed Staples would sell new stock without a hitch . 
The company said earnings would have increased if it had n't been actively repurchasing its shares , thus increasing its interest expense and reducing its interest income . 
It recently introduced a line for the home market . 
He said the company is experimenting with the technique on alfalfa , and plans to include cotton and corn , among other crops . 
The company 's shares began trading at 12 1\/2 , up from its initial offering price of 12 , and closed at 13 . 
`` Someone always makes you quit , '' says legendary St. Louis Cardinals centerfielder Curt Flood , the league 's commissioner . 
The notes are convertible into common stock of Blockbuster Entertainment at $ 22.26 a share , representing a 12 % conversion premium over yesterday 's closing price . 
Although Mr. Paul has pared a $ 1.35 billion junk-bond portfolio to less than $ 900 million since April , the high-yield debt market has plummeted . 
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. . 
Not only was August 's deficit far worse than July 's , but the government revised the July figure substantially from the $ 7.58 billion deficit it had initially reported last month . 
They asked regulators to suggest new ways to force banks and thrifts to comply with anti-discrimination laws . 
Charlie Brown is selling out . 
Here is an example . 
But in May , the Chicago Merc said it was looking into creating a common system with the Chicago Board of Trade , and it suspended negotiations with the New York Merc . 
Elections in this large , diverse and passionate nation are always hard to predict . 
Under the current circumstances , he says , their scenario no longer seems unrealistic . 
At the same time , newspapers are bedeviled by lagging national advertising , especially in its financial component . 
( The legislation is similar to a 1987 `` beeper bill '' that was defeated after heavy lobbying by the telemarketing industry . ) 
The market 's attention is especially focused on a preliminary report on the U.S. third-quarter gross national product , due out Thursday , which could show the economy is continuing to expand at a relatively brisk pace . 
The zero-coupon subordinated notes have no periodic interest payments . 
Mason serves commercial and government customers , including the National Institutes of Health . 
8:01 a.m . 
It will feature a cost-containment provision designed to keep expanded benefits from fueling higher care prices . 
Mr. Oriani said the heat bursts were too large and too long to be explained by the sudden release of energy that might have slowly accumulated during the experiments ' quiescent times , as some scientists have suggested . 
For some at the SEC , an agency that covets its independence , Mr. Breeden may be too much of a Washington insider . 
The offer from IMA Acquisition Corp. , for as many as 63 million shares , is set to expire Wednesday . 
Each share of Eagle , based in Bristol , will become 0.95 share of Webster\/Eagle . 
This clause , they argue , is designed to go beyond an earlier clause specifying that the president can veto a `` bill , '' and is broad enough to allow him to strike out items and riders within bills . 
Citicorp and Chase are attempting to put together a new , lower bid . 
`` He does n't usually risk that much unless he thinks he has an ace in the hole , '' adds another Steinhardt Partners alumnus . 
Michael L. Bandler , vice president for network technology at Pacific Bell Telephone Co. , says nearly all the network 's computer switches , which move thousands of calls a minute from one location to another , changed to battery power when the city lost power . 
`` If you 're looking for a significantly higher yield with the same level of risk as a CD , you 're not going to find it , '' says Washington financial planner Dennis M. Gurtz . 
She said her employer ca n't afford the rate increases , and she fears she wo n't find another job with a benefit plan covering her ailment . 
Canadian Pacific is Soo Line 's biggest customer and has owned a majority stake in the U.S. railroad since 1947 . 
Says Todd Richter , an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds : `` The shakeout in the publicly traded companies is over . 
If you think you have stress-related problems on the job , there 's good news and bad news . 
Both candidates are negotiating about holding debates , but Mr. Dinkins is widely seen as the major obstacle for scheduling them . 
Democratic counterpart Mitchell , asked to interpret Darman 's threat to make permanent the across-the-board Gramm-Rudman cuts that took effect this week , says , `` I do n't even bother to interpret them . '' 
Even after-hours drag ; `` karaoke '' bars , where Japanese revelers sing over recorded music , are prohibited by Mexico 's powerful musicians union . 
The $ 11,775,000 of term bonds due 2006 and the $ 13,865,000 of term bonds due 2009 are n't being formally reoffered . 
UAL fell $ 6.25 a share to $ 191.75 on volume of 2.3 million shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange as concern deepened among takeover stock traders about the length of time it will take to revive the purchase . 
MEDUSA Corp. said it voluntarily prepaid $ 7 million on its original $ 75 million term loan , bringing the total debt reduction for the year to $ 18 million . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Turner 's Class A stock closed at $ 50.50 , down 37.5 cents . 
And it 's way above the ratio ( 7.5 times cash flow ) that bigger companies are selling for . 
The main sensation , besides feeling like a puppet jerked with invisible strings , is `` like a rap on the head , '' says Sam Bridgers , a neurologist who has studied the brain stimulators at Yale University . 
Specifically , the British carrier said it currently has no plans to participate in any new offer for UAL . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Black & Decker closed at $ 19.75 yesterday , down 25 cents . 
The move is sure to heighten concerns about increased Japanese investment in U.S. biotechnology firms . 
The league is the brainchild of Colorado real estate developer James Morley -- once a minor-leaguer himself -- who says he had the idea last January while lying on a beach in Australia . 
Anthony J.F. O'Reilly , the company 's chairman , swears by her firm touch , saying regular massages are a balm for his old football injuries . 
But industry executives say businesses seem especially inclined to dump mailers sent to titles rather than to individual names . 
The Bear Stearns order that marked the late-day turnaround caused a `` massive buying effort '' as UAL jumped $ 20 a share to $ 170 in the last half hour , said Mr. Bates . 
The estimated $ 40 million from the new pre-merger notification fee would be divided between the Justice Department 's Antitrust Division and the Federal Trade Commission , which both face serious cuts if the income is n't realized . 
The report takes a more alarmed view of AIDS and recommends a more sweeping response than many other analyses . 
The dividend represents the balance of its regular quarterly payout of 10 cents a share , of which half was paid July 17 in a final distribution prior to its merger with B.B. Real Estate Investment Corp. , also in July . 
In other words , environmentalism has created a whole set of vested interests that fare better when there are many problems than when there are few . 
Chase Manhattan Corp. , after trying unsuccessfully to sell its interest in its lower Manhattan operations building , has exercised its option to purchase the 50-story office tower . 
Mr. Niciporuk sits . 
Robert F. Singleton , Knight-Ridder 's chief financial officer , said the company was `` pleased '' with its overall performance , despite only single-digit growth in newspaper revenue . 
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax-exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity . 
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair . 
In over-the-counter trading Friday , Weisfield 's gained $ 9.50 to $ 39 . 
The Catastrophic Coverage Act would add a stop-loss provision next year to limit the maximum beneficiaries must pay for doctors . 
In an effort to derail the buy-out , the union has already called for investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission , Transportation Department and Labor Department . 
America 's financial markets do not yet have all the required modern features required to make them fully `` aftershock-resistant . '' 
Alarmed , state and federal authorities are trying to devise ways to certify and regulate planners . 
Civil suits against planners by clients seeking recovery of funds are increasingly common . 
Security at a typical Haagen inner-city center is impressive , but unobtrusive . 
Media General said it has had inquiries from potential buyers and expects to complete a sale in 1989 . 
Reinsurance is protection taken out by the insurance firms themselves . 
`` There 's nothing on the other side . '' 
As publisher of a magazine devoted to movies as guideposts for fashion and other fantasies , Ms. Volokh sees her party-giving as an important part of business . 
He added that Petco remained in compliance with all industry capital requirements during the market 's rapid plunge Friday and Monday 's rebound . 
This is a style of `` visual '' computing that provides three-dimensional , color models of everything from the inside of a house to the latest in women 's fashion . 
Three new issues begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange today , and one began trading on the Nasdaq\/National Market System last week . 
Executive Producers Steve Sohmer and Jeff Bleckner ( and writer\/producers Ken Solarz and Steve Bello ) have revved this show up to the breaking point . 
`` The company has been completely revamped , '' said Frank Knuettel , analyst for Prudential-Bache Securities Inc . 
And Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. scrambled to restructure and improve the potential returns on a $ 475 million debenture offering by Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. that was still being negotiated late last night . 
Doug Hammond , the federal mediator in Seattle , where Boeing is based , said the parties will continue to sit down daily until a new settlement proposal emerges or the talks break off again . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 369.10 an ounce , down $ 1.10 . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton gave small investors some welcome news by announcing that it would no longer handle index-arbitrage-related program trades for its accounts . 
She ran it the length of the South Gardens riverfront , blotting out the city 's great natural water features , the harbor and the river . 
He 's the kind of guy who rescues trampled flags . 
They chance alienating the customers they hope to woo by looking like opportunistic sharks . 
9:38 a.m . 
But orders for non-defense capital goods , a precursor of future plant and equipment spending , were off 5.6 % after falling 10.3 % in August . 
British Airways rose initially after announcing its withdrawal from the UAL deal . 
But securities regulators now say privately that it is n't likely to start until the first quarter of next year . 
But we still see this as an opportunity to discuss many , many very important issues . 
`` She can stay there with no heat , but for a parakeet , that can be deadly , '' says Daralee Konowitch , animalcare services manager for the SPCA . 
The decision to keep the embattled F-14 's production line running for at least another year is an important victory for the House , and especially for Rep. Les Aspin ( D. , Wis . ) . 
The report by the Defense Ministry also rejected allegations that Britain covered up evidence of Waldheim 's activities as a German army officer . 
Baker 's art was jazz only by the widest stretch of the term . 
Suddenly , on television , in advertisements and on their cereal boxes , Americans were inundated with news about the obscure seed . 
Mr. Darby called it a `` disappointment '' but predicted exports will pick up again . 
Travel sales rose 11 % , led by gains in the U.S. . 
He noted that for the first time in months there was some light investor interest in the metals . 
In testimony to the Senate securities subcommittee , Mr. Brady disputed the view of SEC Chairman Richard Breeden , who told a House panel Wednesday that he does n't want the ability to halt the markets . 
Before he was confirmed , Sullivan said he had `` reservations about any blanket prohibitions on medical research . '' 
3 . Record the true costs of credit programs in the federal budget . 
This is no longer true today . '' 
A lot of observers think so , and , if they 're right , the whole economy as well as the spendthrifts among us could be hurt . 
Quake Not Likely to Jolt The Commercial Market 
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home . 
British government bonds , or gilts , ended moderately lower as equities there recovered from Tuesday 's drop . 
The 1988 period was restated from net income of $ 8 million to correct an overstatement in the company 's Boston Co. subsidiary . 
They have about seven candidates . 
He expects Citicorp to take a similar step this year . 
Now , in the '90s , we 're headed toward a total resort environment . '' 
Do n't worry ; people will learn to read as long as there are TV program listings . 
A year earlier , the company had profit from discontinued operations of $ 24.9 million from sale of a pipeline , a refinery and an interest in a second refinery . 
The scientists have experimented on the tiny neck arteries of rats . 
There was n't any evidence of survivors . 
Consider Oil of Olay , which P&G acquired as part of Richardson-Vicks International in 1985 . 
Smaller chains and single-store operators will be the first to fail , many in the industry predict . 
`` It 's hard to invest capital here on the same basis as investing in other countries , '' says Dennis A. Sokol , president of Medical Service Partners Inc. , who is putting the medical consortium together . 
On Saturday , the partners said the team would be purchased for $ 54 million by a new group including Comsat Video Enterprises Inc. , a unit of Communications Satellite Corp. based here . 
`` One of the hardest things to do is to buy stocks when the market is down , '' he says . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
Pension reform was its main thrust . 
The best course for individual investors is to sell these stocks now , the two advisers say . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
After the SEC study of the drop is completed , he said , `` I 'm perfectly happy to work with this committee ... in identifying whether we need other devices , '' such as a program-trading curb . 
Nissan started advertising Infiniti fully eight months before the cars hit American showrooms . 
Still , I figured the event 's envy-quotient back in the U.S.A. was near peerless . 
For the nine months , the latest loss trimmed net income to $ 3.6 million , which after payment of preferred dividends represented a 31-cent loss a common share . 
We are prepared to support those changes , '' said Mr. Mosbacher . 
Oil imports to Japan rose 12 % in September from year-earlier levels , according to statistics released by the government 's Ministry of International Trade and Industry . 
Turkey 's legislature elected Prime Minister Ozal as the country 's first civilian president since 1960 , opening the way for a change of government under a new premier he will select . 
The year-ago quarter 's results include an after-tax charge of $ 5.9 million from the sale of a winery in Spain . 
Net sales for the units for the fiscal year ended June 30 were $ 135.6 million . 
There are $ 120.7 million of 7 1\/8 % term bonds due 2008 , priced to yield 7.30 % . 
CALIFORNIA STRUGGLED with the aftermath of a Bay area earthquake . 
`` This is a blow not only to Eastern but to the creditors committee , '' he said . 
`` If the economy shows no sign of turning around in about year 's time , she will be very vulnerable , '' says John Barnes , a lecturer at the London School of Economics . 
Motorola , another major semiconductor producer , dropped 1 1\/8 to 57 1\/2 . 
But Mexico urgently needs more help . 
He describes a Mastergate flunky as one who experienced a `` meteoric disappearance '' and found himself `` handling blanket appeals at the Bureau of Indian Affairs . '' 
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % . 
Borden sells considerably more whole milk than reduced-fat milks in southern and Hispanic markets , he says . 
That tends to tilt the public debate toward `` solutions '' even when some of the most knowledgeable scientists are skeptical about the seriousness of the threats and the insistence of urgency . 
`` They figure it 's not a very good advert . '' 
The results compare with a year-earlier net loss of $ 1.5 million , or seven cents a share , based on 20.3 million common and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
Capital expenditure in 1990 will rise slightly , Mr. Marous said , from an estimated $ 470 million this year . 
However , he noted that steel mill bookings are up from early summer levels , and that he expects the company to improve its cost performance in the fourth quarter . 
`` You 've got some minds here that wo n't think progressively , '' he says . 
Changing the outcome of the trial is what really matters . 
Richard W. Lock , retired vice president and treasurer of Owens-Illinois Inc. , was named a director of this transportation industry supplier , increasing its board to six members . 
Despite yesterday 's modest bond market gains , economists say investors are anxious about the Treasury 's huge quarterly refunding of government debt , the timing of which depends on Congressional efforts to raise the debt ceiling . 
Defaults on Veterans Affairs loan guarantees have quadrupled in the past eight years . 
The three units contributed about a third of Emhart 's total sales . 
A dozen white office workers fold newsletters and stuff them into envelopes . 
The czars were no civil libertarians . 
In many of these deals , `` venture capitalists had the inside track , '' says Lawrence Bock of Avalon Ventures , La Jolla , Calif . 
The West German national air carrier said cargo volume jumped 12 % to 638,000 metric tons from 569,000 tons a year ago . 
One way out of that dilemma could be a partial recapitalization in which the pilots would wind up sharing the value of their concessions with public shareholders . 
Dentsu Inc. , the world 's largest advertising agency on the strength of its dominance in the Japanese market , is setting its sights on overseas expansion . 
Moreover , the number of people who spontaneously cited lower prices as the reason for their interest in Sears declined to 16 % in September from 33 % in March . 
They talked of the aftermath . 
Was this why some of the audience departed before or during the second half ? 
This Los Angeles company and its Union Federal Savings Bank subsidiary said more than 99 % of their 7 1\/4 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2011 were tendered for conversion into UnionFed common stock . 
Only three weeks earlier , the Merc had turned to one of its own executives , 40-year-old R. Patrick Thompson , to replace Rosemary T. McFadden as president . 
Alcan Aluminium was an exception , as it gained 1 3\/8 to 23 on two million shares . 
Much of HUD 's spending actually is disguised welfare for developers or the middle class . 
Employers Casualty , which reported a $ 53.9 million third-quarter loss late Friday , fell 2 1\/4 to 13 3\/4 . 
After completing the sale and paying debts , the trust and corporation will consider a number of options including a stock repurchase , payment of special dividend or investment in more gaming properties . 
Los Angeles County Supervisor Kenneth Hahn yesterday vowed to fight the introduction of double-decking in the area . 
The pilots had been working on a buy-out bid between $ 225 and $ 240 a share , or $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion . 
Economists expect general merchandise sales in the fourth quarter to rise 4.5 % to 6 % from year-ago figures . 
Furthermore , it is also likely to encourage those on Capitol Hill asking for cuts in the assistance to El Salvador if President Cristiani does not bend to demands of the Marxist guerrillas . 
General equity funds fell an average of 2.35 % in the week ended Thursday , compared with a 2.32 % slide for the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index . 
Result : a landscape littered with lemons , huge debt burdens crushing down upon the arch and spans of corporate America . 
The combined company would have had 1988 sales of $ 13.1 billion . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
`` People come to us saying they 'd like to be back where they were a few years ago , in a more collegial atmosphere , with less tension , '' says Stephen Waterhouse , managing director of Hanover Partners Ltd. , a financial district head-hunting firm . 
Seabrook officials said the plant could receive a full-power license by the end of the year . 
Operating revenue rose 25 % to $ 52.1 million from $ 41.8 million a year ago . 
`` Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him , or being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two-thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives , according to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill . '' 
It also reflects the broader pressure on companies in Europe to keep up as the European Community prepares to reduce internal trade barriers by 1992 . 
And IBM is n't expected to deliver a new generation of mainframes until 1991 . 
In response to questions after the annual meeting , Mr. Miller said the company is no longer looking for an equity investor . 
Just in time for Halloween , Britain 's Oxford University Press is publishing a `` Dictionary of Superstitions . '' 
No one panicked , '' a spokeswoman says . 
But at least one chief executive said he called Mr. Welch to complain about Kidder 's aggressive use of program trading , and other market sources said they understood that Mr. Welch received many phone calls complaining about Kidder 's reliance on index arbitrage as a major business . 
The articles were largely based on interviews Ms. Malcolm had taped with Jeffrey Masson , a psychoanalyst who had served as projects director of the Freud Archives . 
USA Today reported that the Rales brothers , Washington , D.C.-based investors who made an unsuccessful offer to acquire Interco last year , have bought nearly 3 % of Mead 's common shares . 
`` It would in the near-term give a boost to the San Francisco economy because there will be an influx of people to help , '' says Beth Burnham Mace , a regional economist at DRI\/McGraw Hill , a Lexington , Mass. , forecasting firm . 
According to greenhouse theories , increased carbon dioxide emissions , largely caused by burning of fossil fuels , will cause the Earth to warm up because carbon dioxide prevents heat from escaping into space . 
Instead of realizing his mistake in letting the exchange rate dominate both British economic policy and Mrs. Thatcher 's political fortune , Mr. Lawson pushed for tying the pound formally to the mark by entering the European Monetary System , which subordinates all member currencies to German monetary policy . 
Previously , an affiliate of Unicorp Canada disclosed a stake of less than 5 % in Nashua , according to Daniel M. Junius , Nashua 's treasurer . 
But some fear imposing a temporary gasoline tax increase in the meantime could undercut support among voters for the measure . 
Some provisions would let me collect a percentage of the policy 's face value to pay for long-term care such as nursing-home stays ; others would allow payments for catastrophic illnesses and conditions such as cancer , heart attarcks , renal failure and kidney transplants . 
The CD seemed like a great deal . 
Rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through Salomon Brothers . 
But even if no conscious life had evolved here at all , the universe is a big place , and given the right conditions , sympathetic to creating some form of life . 
Defense and foreign aid are the two most critical areas remaining from the administration 's standpoint . 
Confidence in the pound is widely expected to take another sharp dive if trade figures for September , due for release tomorrow , fail to show a substantial improvement from July and August 's near-record deficits . 
Both have become confidants of President Bush . 
`` He made desperate efforts , using the yellow pages from beginning to end , '' said Koji Yoneyama , president of Daiwa 's U.S. unit . 
The problem is that Mr. Icahn is pushing him to move faster and further in restructuring USX than Mr. Corry had planned . 
But Mr. Wenz , who says he lost $ 43,000 in one precious-metals deal and $ 39,000 in another , says a salesman `` used a business-venture approach '' with him , sending investment literature , a contract limiting the firm 's liability , and an insurance policy . 
Businessmen took their cue from the engineers . 
But no one else does . 
An estimated $ 1.32 billion is provided for next year 's census , and negotiators stripped a Senate-passed rider seeking to block the counting of illegal aliens . 
An undistinguished college student who dabbled in zoology until he concluded that he could n't stand cutting up frogs , Mr. Corry wanted to work for a big company `` that could do big things . '' 
The margin of error for subgroups -- for example , married women with children at home -- would be larger . 
Serious injuries or damages were n't reported . 
The highlight : a `` fragrance control system . '' 
Talks between the two sides could unravel , of course , as they have more than once since Sony announced its plans to hire Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
It also operates Waldenbooks , Pay Less Drug Stores and Builders Square home improvement stores . 
And a squad of influential former Senate aides employed by the Wall Street firm Salomon Brothers came to the Capitol in a vain attempt to strip the provision . 
IMA also will assume $ 1.4 billion in debt . 
`` Property values did n't go up in California yesterday , '' says one money manager . 
The consensus view on September leading indicators calls for a gain of 0.3 % , the same as in August . 
As the Soviet Union grapples with its worsening economy , leading reformers have drawn up a blueprint for change designed to push the nation much closer to a free-market system . 
`` The information-systems industry is still going to be a high-growth business , and we 're confident that we have tremendous assets as a company . 
The bulk of the money would be funneled through the National Endowment for Democracy , but the legislation is so vaguely written that it has been dogged by questions regarding the money 's true purpose and its ultimate destination . 
On other matters , Mr. Mulford said West Germany is contributing to imbalances in the world economy because of its success as an exporter . 
`` The paper reflected the truth . 
`` With the futures-trading halt , you could only sell stocks '' to cut exposure to the market , says a money manager . 
Maybe she could drop by at the Metropolitan Opera and bring along what she forgot , a little charm , a few smidgins of thespian skills and a nice wig . 
It also will hand Unilab new markets . 
Paramount Communications rose 5\/8 to 58 3\/4 , Time Warner climbed 1 7\/8 to 138 5\/8 , Walt Disney advanced 3 1\/8 to 127 1\/2 , MCA rose 1 1\/8 to 65 5\/8 and McGraw-Hill added 1\/2 to 67 1\/8 . 
Recently , Gen-Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non-viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA . 
The carpets wo n't be glued down , and walls will be coated with nontoxic finishes . 
According to Securities and Exchange Commission rules , McCaw is required to keep its offer for the cellular-phone and broadcasting concern open for at least five business days after the announcement of the financing , LIN said . 
Lawrence Insurance , based in Albany , N.Y. , plans to use the $ 22.5 million in proceeds to help finance the acquisition of United Republic . 
Five countries announced they would not honor what one Zimbabwean delegate wryly called the `` made in Switzerland '' solution . 
One reason , they said , was that the official reports on the 1987 crash exonerated program trading as a cause . 
That done , Ms. Volokh spoke with rampant eloquence about the many attributes she feels she was born with : an understanding of food , business , Russian culture , human nature , and parties . 
Black Females 
HUGO FELLED vast timberlands . 
He distinguished the two cases : In Salinger , Judge Leval noted , the quotations were for the purpose of enlivening the biography rather than of proving points about the subject . 
And , defenders say , few people complain about futures when stock prices are rising . 
Sea Containers will soon set a date for its annual shareholder meeting to seek holder approval for the offer . 
Some take a warm view of consumer-oriented paper companies , which buy pulp from the commodity producers and should benefit from the expected declines in pulp prices . 
With no petroleum-related news or changes in the fundamentals to dictate price moves , `` technicians are wanting to sell this stuff , '' said Eric Bolling of Edge Trading Corp . 
The spaghetti is made by the Al Ghazel Macaroni Co. in Bethlehem and is marketed in a package decorated with green , black , red and white stripes . 
The proposed legislation has a laudable goal : to assure the integrity of the U.S. futures markets . 
Morever , Mr. Addison has said Southern Co. and its units do n't condone illegal political contributions . 
But though a weakening economy implies reduced demand , Mr. Kaiser said that Third World copper-producing countries have n't any choice but to sell copper . 
The Continental markets alone contribute about 14.3 % of estimated world market capitalization of $ 9.671 trillion . 
But he said , `` we have too many plants in our system . 
`` I 'm not here to make money by reselling the team later on . 
The debentures were issued in the face amount of $ 46 million on July 11 , 1988 , the Ashland , Ky. , coal mining , water transportation and construction company said . 
And his relative youth could help him project a more vibrant image , contrasting with the perception of Mr. Honecker as an out-of-touch old man . 
The company has promptly paid all its expenses and obligations since March 16 , a Maxicare spokesman said . 
But Mr. Clough says , `` The risk is that earnings disappointments will continue . '' 
Titled `` Comments From Students , '' it focuses on the real shame of college sports : what happens to young athletes once they enter academe . 
But it will be years before it is clear whether higher rates will offset the payouts for such disasters . 
The Fed arranged $ 1.5 billion of customer repurchase agreements Tuesday , the second repurchase agreement in two days . 
Most stock-market indexes were hitting all-time highs at around the time of the poll . 
The discrepancy may be because asking people about their fitness regime is a bit like inquiring about their love life . 
IBM , which gets about half its revenue and more than half its profit from mainframes , also announced upgraded operating system software that , together with the new hardware , lets customers do so-called batch processing as much as 60 % faster . 
In my research , I have found a paper by Joseph Scotto of the National Cancer Institute and several colleagues reporting an 11-year decrease in UV-B radiation at eight U.S. measurement sites . 
`` What is the way forward ? 
`` Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs . 
A former curator of the Museum of Cartoon Art in Rye Brook , N.Y. , pleaded guilty in July to stealing and selling original signed and dated comic strips , among them 29 Dick Tracy strips by Chester Gould , 77 Prince Valiant Sunday cartoons by Hal Foster , and a dozen Walt Disney animation celluloids , according to Barbara Hammond , the museum 's director . 
Milt Ahlerich Assistant Director Office of Public Affairs Federal Bureau of Investigation 
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago . 
( Pepperidge Farm says it ca n't tell exactly how many customers it has lost , but it hopes to remove the objectionable tropical oil from all its products by year end . ) 
But instead of thanks , Sen. Cranston was treated with cool formality . 
Other conservatives thought to be on the administration 's short list include Washington lawyer Michael Uhlmann , who was passed over for the No. 2 job at the Justice Department , and Marshall Breger , chairman of a U.S. agency on administration . 
But others said pico should proceed . 
Beyond that , Prospect said it would n't offer to acquire additional shares for less than $ 11.25 a share during the next year or less than $ 14.06 a share during the subsequent two years . 
The forfeiture memo cited `` considerable criticism in the press , because of a perception that pre-trial freezing of assets is tantamount to a seizure of property without due process . '' 
`` We regret very much that the mayor of San Francisco has decided not to cooperate with us on this matter in making sure that there is adequate federal support for the disaster in his city , '' Mr. Fitzwater said . 
The charge is offset by an after-tax gain of about $ 30 million in the quarter from the previously announced pact to sell National Aluminum 's rolling division . 
The council unanimously opposed the idea of AGIP pumping out the methane gas and swiftly appealed to the company and to Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti , who has yet to reply . 
Out of this , the government set up a $ 50 million fund for plaintiffs who can prove their financial losses . 
`` Dinkins is a decent but sloppy guy , '' says David Garth , veteran campaign consultant here who has always worked for Mayor Edward Koch , defeated by Mr. Dinkins in the Sept. 12 Democratic primary . 
However , Mr. Ortega was included . 
This contract , covering about 3,000 hourly production and maintenance workers , is being extended on a day-to-day basis . 
At present , analysts project a budget gap on the order of $ 500 million to $ 600 million for the fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 , although the city 's own budget analysts project a narrower deficit . 
`` They { BankAmerica } continue to show good performance , '' said Donald K. Crowley , an analyst with Keefe , Bruyette & Woods Inc. , San Francisco . 
Loews , the parent of CNA Financial , rose 1 3\/8 to 123 1\/8 . 
Charitable groups are trying to reinstate the write-off for contributions made by individuals who do n't itemize their deductions . 
Katherine Voss , a veteran trainer at the Laurel , Md. , track , offers neophytes a sobering tour of a horse barn , noting that only three of about a dozen horses have won sizable purses . 
One of the most prominent features is the requirement that in three years all exchanges have in place a system that records all trades by a source independent of the executing broker . 
His favorites are American Barrick Resources Corp. , Echo Bay Mines Ltd. and Coeur d'Alene Mines Corp . 
Then , when it would have been easier to resist them , nothing was done and my brother was murdered by the drug mafias three years ago . 
No , we are not overreacting . 
Figures do n't include taxes or transaction costs . 
`` Those who are on the other side can hardly oppose alternative funding if they continue to insist on calling themselves ` pro-choice ' rather than ` pro-abortion , ' '' says Mary Spaulding , the group 's associate state legislative coordinator . 
Such an organization could , among other things , set minimum standards for competence , ethics and finances and punish those investment advisers who broke the rules . 
Profit in Olin 's defense and ammunition segment rose to $ 8 million from $ 7 million . 
But the size , shape and role of the NSC staff have been left for each president and his national security adviser to decide . 
Mr. Spinney is a permanent Pentagon official . 
An individual familiar with the negotiations said that whatever investments the limited partners do not recoup from the $ 330 million in partnership assets , they will receive from the $ 350 million restitution fund available as a result of Drexel 's settlement with the government in December 1988 . 
It has to be engineered over and over again , month after month . 
To maintain exclusivity of that designer line , it is n't labeled with the Maidenform name . 
And the Pentagon said dozens of additional crews and transport aircraft were on alert `` awaiting orders to move emergency supplies . '' 
Nevertheless , phone service was sporadic ; many computer terminals remained dark , and by late yesterday a third of San Francisco remained without power . 
Both Citicorp and Manufacturers Hanover reported earnings yesterday . 
Mothers of young AIDS patients expressed somber satisfaction . 
The strong dollar , which reduces the value of overseas earnings and revenue when they are translated into dollars , is expected to knock 80 to 85 cents off IBM 's per-share earnings for the full year . 
The latest period loss included a $ 12.9 pretax charge for severance payments . 
The stars do that themselves . ) 
This hope , however , will never be realized if we use levamisole and 5-fluorouracil as a stopping point . 
Lloyd 's , he says , is cut off from `` the vast body of premium down at the bottom end which acts as a steadying influence '' against catastrophic losses . 
The construction equipment maker said third-quarter profit fell to $ 108 million , or $ 1.07 a share , from $ 190 million , or $ 1.87 a share , a year earlier . 
Gen. Gromov himself said Soviet troops expected to leave behind more than $ 1 billion of military equipment and installations for the Kabul regime . 
Mrs. Brown calls the modern-day cultural ambivalence to Filipino a `` language schizophrenia . '' 
Mr. Donohoo was convicted in Louisville late last month of violating Superfund by failing to report the release of asbestos into the environment from a building he was demolishing . 
The abrupt management change sparked widespread speculation that Mr. Roman had been pushed out of Ogilvy 's top spot by Mr. Sorrell . 
But no one has made a serious effort to transplant the crop . 
In 1987 he became deputy chief of the civil division . 
The price in the proposal is $ 43.50 for each of the 4.9 million shares the parent does n't own , or $ 213.2 million . 
Probably , it did n't . 
Partly in response , a bipartisan group of senators from the finance and labor committees is drafting a plan to attract broader support . 
However , Control Data would continue to provide maintenance services for customers of its Cyber product line . 
A grand jury has been investigating whether officials at Southern Co. conspired to cover up their accounting for spare parts to evade federal income taxes . 
Profit margins at U.S. company-owned stores in the quarter were up nearly 1 % , which the company attributed in part to lower food costs . 
Most of its 4,500 workers were at work yesterday , and no production slowdown was anticipated as long as electricity remains available . 
A sudden surge or drop in electric power could ruin integrated circuits being built . 
Denton Harris 
To the amazement of some traders , takeover stocks were climbing again . 
No non-competitive tenders will be accepted . 
Beyond that , it has to compete with West Germany for a claim to the German identity . 
Traders said that a nearly 40-point gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , fueled in part by news of a lower-than-expected price index , had little influence on the dollar 's moves . 
The ratings concern said the acquisition should result in pretax losses from operations because of increases in interest expense and charges for depreciation and amortization , but that it expects the losses to be reduced through productivity gains and above average growth of the company 's hospitals . 
Finally , Prince Rainier and Princess Grace saved her with the offer of a house in Monaco . 
At least half that growth will have come in the past three years alone . 
The merged company that it now becomes part of will have billings of just more than $ 2.6 billion -- most of that in Europe -- bringing it to about 14th world-wide . 
That may be because Mr. Gargan , smarting at what he considered slurs on his membership standards made by the rival group , enrolled his dog , Beauregard , as a member of the IAFP . 
Only 10 years ago , for instance , Lloyd 's was the pre-eminent insurer of thoroughbred horses . 
Each is more problematic than an unexpected divisional baseball championship , but both help explain why Chicago remains a vital center of this country 's regional theater movement . 
Algeria plans to increase natural-gas sales to Europe and the U.S. . 
`` It does n't mean unanimous , '' he insists , though he implies it means a bipartisan majority . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : 
Both Warner and Sony declined to comment on the terms of the settlement discussions . 
They graze at the Farmers Market , a combination gourmet food court and grocery store , while a pianist accompanies the noon fashion show with a selection of dreamy melodies . 
A pact with GM may emerge in as little as two weeks , according to sources close to the talks . 
Former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick , in a CNN `` Capital Gang '' discussion Oct. 7 of House action on federal catastrophic-illness insurance : 
And because of the early settlement , the three-month bills actually have a 93-day maturity , and the six-month bills have an 184-day maturity . 
He listens impassively . 
Maxicare Health Plans Inc. , operating under Chapter 11 bankrupty-law protection , outlined terms of its reorganization plan that calls for creditors and shareholders to receive at least $ 78.8 million in cash and $ 67 million face amount of 10-year , 13.5 % notes . 
Thanks to centuries of polishing by Mother Nature -- first in the gentle current of the Orange River that carried the stones from South Africa 's interior , then in the cold surf of the ocean , and finally in the coarse sands of the desert -- 98 % of the diamonds uncovered are of gem quality . 
At closing time , farmers cart out most of what they carted in . 
GM is likely to reach the cooperative operating pact it has been seeking in about two weeks , knowledgeable individuals say . 
Some of Mr. Peladeau 's ventures , including an earlier push into the U.S. market , have n't paid off on the bottom line . 
Using a calculator and a unit-price guide for such jobs as painting , plumbing and roofing in each major region of the country , adjusters can figure out the value of a home in today 's market and what it would cost to rebuild it . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
BankAmerica dropped 1 1\/4 to 29 1\/2 on 2.3 million shares amid rumors that the earthquake last week in the San Francisco area had caused structural damage to its headquarters building . 
This is football country . 
That compares with per-share earnings from continuing operations of 69 cents the year earlier ; including discontinued operations , per-share was 88 cents a year ago . 
As a Republican in an overwhelmingly Democratic city , Mr. Giuliani has an inherent handicap . 
Fluor Daniel already has reassigned most of its work crew , the sources said . 
Jute , rather than a synthetic material , lies under the tacked-down carpets , and the desks are of wood and granite instead of plastic . 
This reduces the baseline by $ 229 billion . 
`` If there is going to be a tax scheme that contemplates lower treatment of capital gains , they certainly want to be part of it , '' says real-estate lobbyist Wayne Thevenot of Concord Associates . 
Her recent report classifies the stock as a `` hold . '' 
`` This plays right into the hands of the advertising agencies . '' 
The investment community , however , strongly believes that the strike will be settled before there is any lasting effect on either Boeing or its work force . 
Rail-transit operations suffered little damage , according to Albert Engelken , deputy executive director of the American Public Transit Association in Washington . 
A machinist official said that would depend on how much in concessions machinists would have to give in return for the majority stake . 
While volatility wo n't go away , he said , `` Volatility is greater than program trading . 
A Boeing spokesman responded : `` All along the company has said there was no grounds for criminal prosecution . 
While stop orders sound similar to limit orders , there is a difference : Sell stops must be entered at a price below the current market price and buy stops above . 
But last week Gerald Maier , president and chief executive officer of TransCanada , said the company `` intends to be a party to any transportation system that goes up there '' and that it would consider joint ventures with other players to ensure it has a role . 
He says the fund , which is 40 % leveraged , has maintained a `` substantial cushion '' between its borrowing costs and the yields of the portfolio 's bonds . 
New telephone lines posted healthy growth . 
The index is based on 1980 equaling 100 . 
`` We backed this bill because we thought it would help Skinner , '' one Republican said , `` and now we 're out there dangling in the wind . '' 
Like many young recruits in Japanese securities firms , he began his career peddling stock to individual investors . 
In the past year , one inside director resigned , while three others retired . 
I think the reason is that you are confusing tax `` rates '' with tax `` payments . '' 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
BNL called a shareholders ' assembly meeting in December to vote on the proposals . 
Caltrans in Sacramento said total damage from the collapsed highway is estimated at around $ 500 million . 
Other long-distance carriers have also begun marketing enhanced 900 service , and special consultants are springing up to exploit the new tool . 
Maidenform products are mainly sold at department stores , but the company has quietly opened a retail store of its own in Omaha , Neb. , and has 24 factory outlets , with plans to add more . 
He said he would convene hearings within two weeks . 
The anthers in these plants are difficult to clip off . 
Suppliers were also hurt by the stronger U.S. dollar , which makes sales abroad more difficult . 
Pending Shelby County , Tenn. -- $ 80 million of refunding bonds , Series 1989 , via a First Tennessee Bank group . 
And just last week , Defense Secretary Dick Cheney gave a strong speech listing `` compelling reasons '' to push ahead with SDI and saying he 'd urge President Bush to veto a defense bill with `` inadequate '' funding for the program . 
But Mr. Shore says that company 's exclusive advertising rights extend only to the insurance and financial services category . 
But further major advances on the Nikkei are n't foreseen this week by market observers . 
As members of the Black Caucus in Congress asked during the debate on the legislation that freed Dr. Morgan , does anyone seriously believe that if she were an uneducated , black , working-class woman , Congress would have rushed to pass a private relief bill freeing her ? 
They are looking for a new editor for National Lampoon and are trying to sell Heavy Metal . 
Daniel James President Mexico-United States Institute 
Shimson Gottesfeld of Los Alamos National Laboratory said researchers there detected a burst of neutrons from an early cold fusion experiment last April but decided not to announce it until they could confirm it . 
From that point on , the U.S. would make a practice of overlooking the Panamanian 's misadventures . 
Really now , did she have to ask ? 
Citicorp fell 1\/2 to 32 , and Manufacturers Hanover slipped 3\/8 to 40 1\/4 . 
We 're no longer afraid of associating with private or foreign capital , '' he says . 
Michael Eskridge , president of CNBC , said that although there will be a studio audience , viewers will no longer have to endure the shouting of `` Mort ! Mort ! Mort ! '' 
The volume resulted in dial-tone delays that were as short as 15 seconds and as long as five minutes . 
The American depositary receipts of Jaguar jumped 3\/8 to 11 5\/8 on turnover of 1.9 million . 
Another takeover target , LIN Broadcasting , rose 1\/2 to 109 1\/4 on 495,000 shares . 
The idea was to let small investors , the backbone of the fund business , deal in the money market 's high short-term interest rates . 
Meanwhile , a number of top sales producers from Integrated Resources Equity will meet this afternoon in Chicago to discuss their options . 
Mr. Cook said that last June , the international executive committes of Deloitte and Touche agreed to a world-wide merger . 
Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat-rolled steel segment . 
That division 's revenue rose 2.3 % to $ 472.5 million from $ 461.9 million in the year-ago period . 
Some 4,300 institutions are part of the pension fund . 
The offering was for about 2.8 million shares of the data storage equipment maker ; more than 2.2 million shares changed hands after trading began . 
But since June , foreign bankers led by international financial institutions have virtually suspended their new loans to China . 
Fiat 's rejection of partnership with Saab means that the Swedish company , which announced last Friday that its pretax profit for the first eight months plummeted 49 % , will have to look for a partner among other car manufacturers as both Ford Motor Corp. and Fiat have turned down the offer . 
Marshall 's ghost is satisfied for now , but he 'll be back . 
The clinical testing services holding company is based in San Juan Capistrano , Calif . 
Two other defendants previously pleaded guilty , and charges against the third were dropped . 
The National Cancer Institute also projected that overall U.S. mortality rates from lung cancer should begin to drop in several years if cigarette smoking continues to abate . 
As part of the agreement with the state , the developers -- a partnership of Park Tower Realty and Prudential Insurance Co. of America -- said they would not proceed with condemnation proceedings while there was `` significant litigation '' pending . 
All of that is just for starters , or so the hundreds of thousands of Eastern Europeans in the streets seem to hope and are certainly demanding . 
Says Michael Hirsch , chief investment officer of Republic National Bank and manager of the FundTrust Group in New York : `` It 's a time bomb just waiting to go off . 
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58-a-share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . '' 
The British government retained the single golden share after selling its stake in Jaguar in 
One week 's performance should n't be the basis for any investment decision . 
Until 1980 , when Japan joined the $ 10,000 per capita GNP club of the advanced countries , it was a model developing nation . 
Still , Mr. Utsumi may have a hard time convincing market analysts who have rightly or wrongly believed that the ministry played a role in orchestrating recent moves by Japanese banks . 
`` We 've gotten through two stock market crashes , and we 've gone through an election without any major problems , '' says David Hale , an economist of Kemper Financial Services . 
Only it is safer , and busier . 
Combustion reported improved profits in its automation and control products businesses , and it narrowed its losses in its public sector and environmental segment . 
A columnist in the Atlanta Journal and Constitution wrote : `` Who did the research for this report ? 
But sponsors might not pick the stocks that will match the market . 
In addition , USX 's giant steel segment , representing 34 % of its 1988 sales , is facing softening demand and slipping prices as well as increasing competition from foreign steelmakers and low-cost minimills . 
A year later , it was 5.7 million . 
Another ad pictures a tree ant , magnified 80 times , with the headline , `` For impact far beyond your size consider our regional editions . '' 
The 1988 results included a one-time gain . 
It would extinguish all of Eagle 's existing capital stock and issue new stock to York as sole holder . 
Noting that the company is offering to buy back $ 154.2 million in senior notes paying 12 3\/4 % , he said the response will help determine future debt-reduction efforts . 
One reason for its downfall was the murder trial of D.C. Stephenson , an Indiana leader whose reckless career is depicted in this film starring Mel Harris ( `` thirtysomething '' ) and John Heard . 
Gerald C. Beddall , 47 years old , was named president of the Clairol division of this pharmaceuticals and health-care company . 
Margins were raised or lowered about a dozen times since the crash Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed . 
The Paris-based group said its earlier projection -- that group profit for all of 1989 would be close to the 322.7 million francs posted for 1988 -- remains valid . 
Such an assertion most likely would bring about a court challenge from Congress that would clarify whether a president already has such power . 
In the end , neither policy was followed , and instead of learning anything we are left with a mystery . 
The cafeteria offered donated croissants and brie for breakfast , and for dinner , pasta salad and chocolate mousse torts along with the salmon . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 5.04 , or 1.1 % , to 460.33 . 
But this September -- just when many market economists , including some at Merrill Lynch , believed that Mr. Straszheim was about to be proved right -- he took a detour if not a U-turn . 
The stock 's decline accelerated in the past two weeks , from a price of $ 8 a share on Oct. 9 . 
International Business Machines Corp. said it agreed to let Motorola Inc. participate in a semiconductor research project as part of its effort to bolster the U.S. semiconductor industry . 
The EPO-treated patients donated an average of 5.4 units of blood each compared with only 4.1 units donated by a similar group of surgical patients who received a placebo injection . 
At the same time , the Johns Hopkins team and others are rushing to pinpoint other tumor-suppressor genes . 
In May 1986 , Dr. Blumenfeld gave Merrill Lynch & Co. about $ 40,000 for a federally insured certificate of deposit offering an effective yield of more than 9 % . 
In patched pants and torn shoes , he stands in his barnyard eyeing the ground with a look both helpless and sardonic . 
An aide to the Senate Securities Subcommittee says some legislators support the concept of risk disclosure , but adds : `` nobody is wedded to the language in the bill . '' 
It said the new agreement would `` replace '' the old one that forms the basis of its suit against the Merieux takeover . 
A squiggly line snakes across a video screen , gyrating erratically as subjects with hand-held computers register their second-by-second reactions to a speaker 's remarks . 
The sale price , which was above Wall Street expectations , sent many RJR securities up by one point . 
Up to now , the intense competition between IBM and Digital has been confined largely to the broad midrange of the computer market , where Digital sought to exploit IBM 's weaknesses in networking . 
`` It was like driving down the highway watching a wreck . 
`` I 'm ecstatic about the change , '' said Mr. Vila , whose new syndicated program is called `` Home Again with Bob Vila . '' 
He is 37 , an astronomer with impressive credentials , and something of a genius at making computers do his bidding . 
Georgia-Pacific Corp. offered to acquire Great Northern Nekoosa Corp. for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion . 
Separately , the House last night approved a nearly $ 67 billion compromise spending bill providing the first construction funds for the administration 's ambitious space station in fiscal 1990 and incorporating far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
Mr. Lee added that the Filipinos are `` making it very difficult '' for the U.S. military presence to last beyond five or 10 years . 
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four-game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games . 
So what is Santa Fe worth ? 
Many factors besides a dread of 1997 will have a bearing on Hong Kong 's economy . 
Dow Chemical Co. said its Destec Energy Inc. unit has agreed to buy PSE Inc. , a Houston energy company , in a deal valued at about $ 115 million . 
To keep him quiet we invent a new unified command every year or so run by the Army or the Air Force and put more of the Navy and Marines under it . 
The chairman and a director of one of the Republic of Singapore 's leading property companies , City Development Ltd. , or CDL , were charged yesterday with criminal breach of trust of some 800,000 Singapore dollars ( about US$ 409,000 ) . 
By this month , it had more than doubled . 
They 're bound to exaggerate . 
Of course the Palestinians complain about their treatment ; of course the Israelis feel put upon . 
In late New York trading the dollar was at 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen compared with 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen Wednesday . 
The East German economy is strong compared with other East bloc nations . 
But unequal trading rules allow the futures market to trade differently from stocks , which invites frequent bouts of stock-index arbitrage in the first place . 
4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for a TRO , and eventual forfeiture , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will not seek to disrupt the normal , legitimate business activities of the defendant ; will not seek through use of the relation-back doctrine to take from third parties assets legitimately transferred to them ; will not seek to vitiate legitimate business transactions occurring between the defendant and third parties ; and will , in all other respects , assist the court in ensuring that the rights of third parties are protected , through proceeding under { RICO } and otherwise . 
Last Friday 's market gyrations did not result in severe `` aftershocks . '' 
In a bull market , credit does not matter , '' Mr. DeVoe added . 
WATCH FOR EARNINGS DISAPPOINTMENTS . 
The plan Eastern hopes to pursue , he said , calls for Eastern to have $ 390 million in cash by year 's end . 
Company officials said later that British Airways believes its involvement in the UAL buy-out ended last Friday when the buy-out group , which also includes UAL 's management and pilot union , failed to obtain financing for the $ 6.79 billion transaction . 
The acquisition boosted Black & Decker 's ratio of debt to total capital to more than 80 % . 
Some analysts are concerned , however , that Banco Exterior may have waited too long to diversify from its traditional export-related activities . 
Among 2,412 of the largest OTC issues , short interest rose to 196.8 million shares , from 185.7 million in 2,379 stocks in September . 
Although it is not the first company to produce the thinner drives , which store information in personal computers , MiniScribe says it is the first with an 80-megabyte drive ; the company plans to introduce a 120-megabyte drive next year . 
That was another reason the Street loved Santa Fe . 
The names of some of these products do n't suggest the risk involved in buying them , either . 
In a statement , British Air Chairman Lord King said the company was `` obviously disappointed that the issue was not taken up , but it would have been unreasonable to expect a better result given the volatility of the stock market since the launch of the issue . '' 
Some Democrats thought they might have compromised too much . 
Since this treasure chest is too big to fit in a bank vault , it has been turned into one . 
They commonly give two scenarios : One is based on interest rates that the company guarantees ( usually 4 % to 4.5 % ) and the other on the rate it is currently getting on investment , often 8.5 % or more . 
The company is active in office and residential development in New York . 
GOP pollster Neil Newhouse , of the Wirthlin Group , says polls this summer showed that the single-issue voters had about evened out . 
PPG Industries Inc. , hurt by softness in the U.S. automotive and construction industries , said third-quarter net income fell 5.5 % to $ 106.7 million , or 97 cents a share , from $ 112.9 million , or $ 1.03 a share , a year ago . 
Samuel D. Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc. , Chicago , said that the purchasers ' report is valuable because it often presents the first inkling of economic data for the month . 
Revenue rose 25 % , to $ 877.6 million , from $ 702.4 million . 
The administration said improvements in Costa Rica 's economic condition warrant the cut in aid , which the country uses mainly to make payments on its $ 4.5 billion foreign debt . 
Gaylord Container said analysts are skeptical of it because it 's carrying a lot of debt . 
Rep. Dingell even managed to enlist the services of the Secret Service in his investigation of the Baltimore paper . 
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Donald Riegle ( D. , Mich . ) has also returned contributions he received from Mr. Keating a year ago . 
Determining when handicapped access is required can be a nightmare for architects , says Mark Dooling , president of Dooling & Co. , a Newton , Mass. , architectural firm . 
But by that time , many big institutions had switched business to London . 
`` People are looking for an ability to try and read the market , rather than be manipulated , '' said Dudley A. Eppel , manager of equity trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . '' 
Tax-loss sellers , those investors who sell loss-making stocks so they can deduct their losses from this year 's income , are also getting out , Mr. Mills said . 
The company , which is in a costly modernization program , said earnings were hurt by higher start-up and new program costs , increased costs of materials , higher wages and an $ 11 million provision for bad debts in Latin America . 
Buying 51 % of Rockefeller Group Inc. is right up Mitsubishi Estate Co. 's alley in one sense : The huge Japanese real estate company is entering a long-term relationship with a similarly conservative U.S. owner of tony urban property . 
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities . 
The chief economist of Merrill Lynch & Co. finds himself in such a position as he buzzes the Midwest on his first road trip since backpedaling on a major prediction . 
Sales fell 2.5 % to $ 1.54 billion from $ 1.58 billion . 
`` ` God has not yet ordained that I should have earnings , ' he tells his worried mother . '' 
Sales for the company , based in Abbott Park , Ill. , rose 8.3 % to $ 1.31 billion from $ 1.21 billion . 
Ohio Democrat Howard Metzenbaum refused to support any plan that might get people hurt , a charming notion for a great power . 
Separately , Chrysler said it will idle for four weeks the St. Louis assembly plant that builds the Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models . 
The average maturity of the taxable funds that Donoghue 's follows increased by two days in the latest week to 40 days , its longest since August . 
The only industry group to show a gain from the industrial average 's record high on Oct. 9 is restaurants . 
Tomoshige Kakita , senior deputy manager in the treasury department of Mitsui Bank Ltd. in Tokyo , suggested that uncertainty about U.S. stocks and bonds has made Japanese investors leery of holding those securities in the near term , thus damping dollar demand . 
And Georgia-Pacific could save money in selling pulp , because the company uses its own sales organization while Nekoosa employs higher-cost agents . 
These new products could account for as much as 35 % of the company 's business in 1990 , Mr. Conner estimated . 
You make a forecast , and then you become its prisoner . '' 
The company is facing a takeover proposal from the financier Sir James Goldsmith . 
He says he expects to sell the collection -- including the controversial Rubens -- `` carefully and prudently , just as it was put together . '' 
Although ARCO 's head office , more than 300 miles from the epicenter , was n't affected by this week 's tremors , Ms. Masaki-Schatz used the occasion to distribute a three-page memo of `` Earthquake Tips '' to 1,200 ARCO employees . 
Coastal Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement with Aruba to restart a 150,000-barrel-a-day oil refinery . 
`` That obviously means that we wo n't have enough for all of the emergencies that are now facing us , and we will have to consider appropriate requests for follow-on funding , '' Mr. Fitzwater said . 
The chancellor sometimes has used the occasion to announce major economic policy changes . 
`` All this may not be obvious to the public , which is concerned about advances in treatment , but I am convinced this basic research will begin showing results there soon . '' 
PACS GIVE and receive in a debatable duet with employees ' favored charities . 
`` We never thought we 'd own a car , '' says Kwang Ok Kyong , who just bought a Daewoo LeMans on a five-year loan . 
Reduction , if not the total cessation , of drug consumption is the requirement for victory . 
Nixon , Hargrave , Devans & Doyle , based in Rochester , N.Y. , has opened an office in Buffalo , N.Y ... . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
It does n't have to be a disaster . 
National Intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 50 % interest in National Steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations . 
The biggest drop was recorded by primary metals producers , a category that includes the steel industry . 
In a rare package sale of its real estate , K mart Corp. , Troy , Mich. , has sold 17 of its strip shopping centers to a limited partnership led by New York developer Philip Pilevsky , according to sources familiar with the transaction . 
The world might want to believe that the Khmer Rouge ca n't still be such bad guys , just as in the late 1970s it was reluctant to credit the reports of genocide then taking place . 
Two big stocks involved in takeover activity saw their short interest surge . 
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December . 
The basket products are `` an evolutionary step '' in solving problems in trading big blocks of stock that came to light in the 1987 market crash , said SEC Commissioner Joseph Grundfest . 
Peter will take the kernel of that idea and make it grow into something specific ... . '' 
The size of the issue was increased from an originally planned $ 3 billion . 
But until then , and probably long afterward , the Communists ' apparat of obstruction -- from the head of the dairy co-op to the village bank manager -- will stay planted in the Polish countryside . 
( Ms. Ohlman , the Grand Rapids masseuse , says she has heard the odd-looking contraption compared to something out of the Spanish Inquisition . ) 
According to the state department of finance , a one-penny increase in the state 's six-cent per dollar sales tax could raise $ 3 billion . 
Losses at El Dorado Investment Co. , the venture-capital operation , widened to $ 6.8 million from $ 425,000 a year earlier . 
He continues to reshuffle the team , trading famed running back Herschel Walker to the Minnesota Vikings this month for a slew of players and future draft picks . 
At 3.8 million won , or $ 5,700 , the econobox is the lowest-priced car in South Korea . 
Commercial customers can purchase the same system through Businessland Inc. , a computer retailer based in San Jose , Calif. , for roughly $ 3,000 more . 
Evaluating asset-backed securities poses another problem . 
The United flight-attendants union agreed to negotiations that could lead to the flight attendants contributing concessions to a revived bid in exchange for an ownership stake . 
The broker winning the business does n't charge commissions , but instead profits by buying or selling for less than the overall package price . 
We need them and I thank God for them . '' 
But the FDA in a 1985 letter to the United Egg Producers said that there was `` little likelihood '' of a health problem as long as instructions were followed . 
ITT Corp. , its insurance business hurt by Hurricane Hugo , reported a 4 % decline in third-quarter net income , despite a 4.2 % rise in revenue . 
The figures occasionally include incomplete transactions in restricted stock . 
$ 675,400,000 . 
SciMed said it `` remains committed '' both to the `` vigorous defense '' of its position that the catheter does n't infringe the Lilly unit 's patent , and to the pursuit of its own counterclaims , which allege Lilly engaged in antitrust violations and other wrongful acts . 
On Oct. 22 , led by Saudi Arabia , the world 's largest exporter , they embargoed oil shipments to the U.S. and to the Netherlands , Israel 's staunchest European ally . 
Matagorda County Navigation District No. 1 , Texas -- 
But James Ireland , a Miami-based technical analyst with Avmark Inc. , an aircraft evaluation firm , estimated the total `` half-life '' value of the 15 planes at about $ 650 million or more . 
But inside the white walls of the Orange Workers ' office -- just about the largest building in town , save for the Dutch Reformed Church and the school -- South Africa 's neat racial order is awry . 
Salomon Brothers Inc. has delayed Grand Union Co. 's $ 1.16 billion junk-bond offering while it restructures the transaction . 
But the San Francisco delegation finds itself asking that the cap per household be lifted to $ 500,000 from $ 100,000 to assist the hard hit but often wealthy Marina district . 
A Chemical spokeswoman said the second-quarter charge was `` not material '' and that no personnel changes were made as a result . 
`` The Georgia-Pacific bid may open the door to a new era of consolidation '' in the paper industry , said Mark Devario of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The economy 's slowdown is due only partly to the austerity program launched in September 1988 to cool an overheated economy and tame inflation . 
Nearby Pasadena , Texas , police reported that 104 people had been taken to area hospitals , but a spokeswoman said that toll could rise . 
New York City : 
USAir and Mr. Buffett wo n't talk about Mr. Steinhardt at all . 
Nor did they return his house and contents , which he values at about $ 44,000 . 
As opposed to the $ 1.4 million deficit of the 1987-88 season , the 1988-89 year concluded with a $ 200,000 surplus and a $ 500,000 cash reserve . 
Mr. Krenz is expected to be formally named to all three positions once the nation 's parliament convenes later this week . 
That approach flopped : Last Christmas Day , a USAir Group Inc. DC-9 jetliner flew about seven passengers from Chicago to Pittsburgh . 
Says Mr. Roberti : `` We want to turn the customer on . 
However , unlike a buy-stop order , a buy market-if-touched order is entered at a price below the current price , while a sell market-if-touched order is entered at a price above it . 
The Orange Workers are just putting this preaching into practice . 
The company said Mr. McKinney plans to retire because the process of affiliating American Fletcher into Banc One `` is considered completed . '' 
That may be difficult , the Jaguar chairman acknowledged , `` when you have somebody else breathing down your neck . 
Mr. Katz notes that some economists have been predicting a recession for at least two years . 
Pretax profit rose to # 93.2 million ( $ 146.8 million ) from # 80.6 million ( $ 127 million ) , matching analysts ' expectations , which ranged from # 90 million to # 95 million . 
Walter M. Brady was named a senior vice president of this insurer in the Canadian head office . 
Goodson has accused Ingersoll of paying less attention to its properties and more to such ventures as the recent launch of the St. Louis Sun . 
HomeFed has $ 17.9 billion of assets . 
`` I 've always relied heavily on the grid and found it never to fail . '' 
Profit from continuing operations rose 19 % . 
But low-priced and middle-priced furriers like Mr. Purnick , who once saturated the five-block Seventh Avenue fur district , say imports have cut their sales . 
Ralph T. Linsley , vice chairman of Eagle , will become vice chairman of Webster\/Eagle . 
Mr. Smith and a spokesman for the America 's Cup Organizing Committee insist that the added competition for the defender 's spot will only improve the race . 
The preliminary conclusion from a survey of 200 downtown high-rises is that `` we were incredibly lucky , '' said Lawrence Kornfield , San Francisco 's chief building inspector . 
Interest income rose 29 % to about $ 1.35 billion from $ 1.05 billion . 
Libya 's previous conditions are no longer considered a problem , although the United Arab Emirates is still an issue . 
Both Ford and GM badly need a luxury brand to combat new competition from the Japanese in the European and U.S. markets . 
Mr. Trump never obtained financing for his bid . 
The 1989 act simply extends these guarantees to the private sector . 
But it could also accelerate `` marketization '' by reinforcing industrial accountability , breaking up state monopolies , giving managers a stake in solutions , and ensuring that modernization is not reversible for failure to address environmental effects . 
His advice : Do n't panic . 
He liked the well-lighted lobby display of Honda 's cars and trucks so much that he had Nissan 's gloomy lobby exhibit refurbished . 
But it continued to badly trail its San Francisco neighbor , Wells Fargo & Co. , which reported an extraordinary 1.25 % return on assets . 
Labor problems are the last thing Mr. Smith needs right now . 
The so-called poison pill took effect Aug. 9 pending ratification by holders . 
Motorola 's Austin operation was one of the first to lose patience , deciding a few years ago to junk any bulk mail that was n't addressed to an individual . 
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc . 
In addition , local banks say the new contract is important in helping them offset their Hong Kong-dollar exposure . 
Concerns about the pace of the Vienna talks -- which are aimed at the destruction of some 100,000 weapons , as well as major reductions and realignments of troops in central Europe -- also are being registered at the Pentagon . 
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST said it will resume dividend payments with a 12-cent-a-share dividend to be paid Nov. 6 to shares of record Oct. 25 . 
Thus , options traders Friday were stuck with losses that also were several times larger than those suffered by many stock traders in New York . 
The appeals court said the defense is valid only if federal officials did more than rubber stamp a company 's design or plans and engaged in a `` substantive review and evaluation '' on a par with a policy decision . 
That something , whatever it is , could add as much as $ 100 to the $ 600 or so consumers now pay for lower-priced refrigerators . 
It also said the union had agreed to meet the company for further talks tomorrow . 
But its surprising progress so far holds important lessons for companies in trouble . 
`` Law school teaches wonderful theory , but it does n't teach the nuts and bolts of practical lawyering , '' says Aaron Weitz , head of a New York County Lawyers ' Association committee that sponsors such a course . 
Bay said a `` substantial part '' of its debt outstanding is in default as a result of inability to sell certain properties quickly and lower-than-expected prices for sales made . 
At that point , the junk market went into a tailspin as buyers disappeared and investors tried to sell . 
He `` will not be shaken out by external events , however surprising , alarming or vexing ... . 
Sixty percent of the fund will be invested in stocks , with the rest going into bonds or short-term investments . 
`` Why should you beat your brains out fighting the environmentalists , the neighborhood groups , dealing with traffic mitigation , sewers and fighting city hall , then try to convince a lender to lend you money in an overbuilt market when you can get pension fund money , buy a portfolio , sell off pieces off it and play your own game ? '' says Jack Rodman , managing partner of the Los Angeles office of Kenneth Leventhal Inc. a national accounting firm . 
After months of internal rumblings , Mr. Ngoc was fired last December . 
The average unemployment rate in the 15 biggest industrialized democracies was steady in August at the 6.1 % rate of the two previous months , the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) said . 
The Dallas Cowboys are looking at a long-yardage situation , struggling to pull ahead of the Atlanta Falcons . 
Jefferies , a Los Angeles holding company primarily engaged in securities trading , also said stock market declines since the quarter ended Sept. 30 created an unrealized pretax loss of about $ 6 million in its risk arbitrage account . 
It also decided to go national with pizza , which it has been test-marketing . 
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities . 
As a result of its large-scale buying , some analysts now say that liquidity , or the ability to easily buy and sell , has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue . 
Small-lot buying targeted at incentive-backed issues pushed up the Nikkei . 
He recently voted `` present '' when the committee authorized a subpoena to compel Mr. Keating to testify , then changed his vote to yes . 
According to a detailed report by Zbigniew Bochniarz of the University of Minnesota 's Hubert Humphrey Institute , 27 areas containing a third of Poland 's population are regarded as `` ecological hazards '' due to multiple violations of standards . 
Municipal bonds ended about 1\/8 to 3\/8 point lower , hurt by the circulation of two `` bid-wanted '' lists totaling $ 655 million . 
Finally , was the information material ? 
Has the San Francisco earthquake caused you to forget Hugo ? 
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 . 
A main motive is hard cash . 
If we want meaningful priorities , we must understand the trade-offs they imply before we make commitments . 
Almost one million shares of Sun Microsystems changed hands , but the issue was unchanged at 17 3\/4 . 
Worse , the properties then sit around deteriorating for maybe a year or so , but are resold eventually ( because of the attractiveness of the low down payment , etc . ) to a marginal buyer who ca n't afford both the mortgage and needed repairs ; and having little vested interest that buyer will walk away and the vicious cycle repeats itself all over again . 
George Putnam III , editor of Turnaround Letter in Boston , offers one final tip for recession-wary investors . 
Wells Fargo Investment Advisers , Bankers Trust Co. and Mellon Capital Management are among the top stock-index arbitrage clients of Wall Street , trading executives say . 
damn ! 
When market tremors start , it is crucial that as much information about transaction prices and the supply-demand curve ( buy and sell orders at various prices ) be made available to all , not just to market makers . 
July 18 , 1989 : 
Like Foothills , TransCanada 's Polar Gas consortium plans to build a pipeline directly south from the Mackenzie River delta in Canada 's western Arctic with an initial capacity to transport 1.2 billion cubic feet of gas daily . 
HDTVs break down images into more than 1,100 lines , compared with 525 for today 's televisions , providing considerably sharper detail . 
When the smoke cleared , six people were dead ( three from heart attacks ) , and everyone wondered what in the world they were shooting at . 
Become a Lobbyist 
The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that appeal to intellectuals , the media and the imagination , but are full of practical pitfalls . 
Wessels & Pautsch , a small St. Charles law firm , plans to mail 500 customers a list of its lawyers ' new phone and fax numbers as well as updated Rolodex cards . 
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly-average basis : 1989 and Wednesday October 4 , 1989 . 
But Mr. Breeden , a 39-year-old securities lawyer , has skirted some of the heftier issues facing the financial markets . 
You 'd think all the stories about well-heeled communities and developers getting HUD grants would prompt Congress to tighten up on upscale housing subsidies . 
The new products allow customers to add Convex machines to established systems made by other manufacturers , which `` opens up a phenomenal market for us , '' said Robert J. Paluck , Convex 's chairman , president and chief executive . 
In Brussels , Hotel de Ventes Horta auctioned pistols and sabers - along with paintings and jewels . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : ( Net Loss : 7 cents share ) vs. net income : 51 cents a share 
The usual problem with including communists in `` interim '' coalition governments is that their ideology and methods require they squeeze out everyone else . 
Many delegates were willing to craft a compromise , but U.S. delegate Constance Harriman and others thundered that down . 
National Semiconductor Corp. and a start-up named Ramtron Corp. plan to start shipping so-called ferroelectric memories , which can remember data for at least 10 years without any current flowing to them . 
So Mr. Kahn says high priority is being given to creating a computerized matchmaking service `` where instead of being matched for eye color , you could be matched for similar intellectual interests . '' 
Ms. Raptopoulos said the settling of strikes in Canada and Mexico will have little effect on supplies of copper until early next year . 
In more evidence of the growing division between `` good '' and `` bad '' junk bonds , a $ 150 million issue by Imo Industries Inc. was snapped up by investors while underwriters for Beatrice Co. 's $ 350 million issue are considering restructuring the deal to attract buyers . 
Here were more than 70,000 ANC supporters , gathering for the first ANC rally inside South Africa since the black liberation movement was banned in 1960 . 
Analysts do n't expect the September surge in auto production to be repeated in the coming months . 
The August figure reflected a 6.4 % rise in imports and a 0.2 % drop in exports . 
Revenue in the period slid almost 8 % to $ 203.2 million from about $ 220 million last year . 
Students also are taught to return clients ' phone calls immediately and to treat the support staff with respect . 
Egon Krenz , the man tapped yesterday to become East Germany 's new leader , faces the same task that has fallen to neighboring socialist colleagues : reforming a country in crisis . 
Investors took profits on major construction shares , which advanced last week , shifting their attention to some midsize companies such as Aoki Corp. , Tobishima and Maeda . 
The centerpiece of the overhaul , according to Mr. Roberti , is the men 's tailored clothing department , where Brooks Brothers has added new suit styles and fabrics . 
Chandler Insurance Co. said it expects to report third-quarter net income jumped 97 % to $ 2.8 million , or 51 cents a share . 
One 60-second TV spot features a diverse group of skiers gracefully gliding down sun-drenched slopes : senior citizens , minorities , families with children -- even a blind skier . 
The drop in those and other technology stocks contributed to an 0.7 % slide by the Nasdaq composite index . 
When the judge bought his new Sunbird from James E. Black Pontiac-Cadillac in Ebensburg five years ago , the dealership had `` certain apprehensions '' about the judge 's reputation , according to the grand-jury report . 
A Genentech spokeswoman said the agreement calls for Hoechst to promote TPA for heart patients and streptokinase for other clot-reducing purposes . 
Taiwan officials are expected to review the Shearson application later this year . 
Also in active trading , British Steel fell 1 to 124 as 20 million shares changed hands . 
Mr. Krenz is such a contradictory figure that nobody has even come up with any good jokes about him . 
Yet the best the far-left could do was not enough to deter the biggest voting bloc -- nearly 40 % -- from endorsing the direction Spain is taking . 
Of the total purchase price , $ 50 million cash and $ 30 million in stock ( nearly 1.8 million shares ) would be paid to buy the existing 700-room Marina Hotel & Casino from Southwest Securities , a Nevada limited partnership . 
Rachel Weiss Brookline , Mass . 
Research shows AZT can relieve dementia and other symptoms in children , 1,859 of whom are known to have been infected . 
Mr. Paul was eager to assemble a collection for the headquarters CenTrust has been moving into for the greater part of a year . 
On that earlier day , the stock 's trading was halted at a critical time so the specialists could catch their breath . 
But it still might be cheaper than taking a major hit . 
Edisto currently is the general partner of NRM . 
If that proves true , analysts say Banco Exterior could be a prime partner -- or even a takeover target -- for either a Spanish or foreign bank seeking to increase its market share after 1992 , when the European Community plans to dismantle financial barriers . 
`` Lawmakers have been saying for weeks that they plan to roll back the cuts as soon as they agree to a compromise on a deficit-cutting bill . '' 
The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P . 
Sales for the Deerfield , Ill. , company rose 5.8 % to $ 1.81 billion from $ 1.71 billion . 
The Soviet owners will be Mossoviet , Moscow 's city governing body , and Aeroflot , the Soviet national airline . 
Revenue : $ 1.71 billion 
However , Mr. Steinhardt says he 's `` comfortable holding USAir as an investment . '' 
A federal judge in Manhattan has entered a judgment requiring a Chicago organized crime figure to pay the government $ 250,000 , representing alleged profits he gained from his involvement with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters . 
Mr. Dozen said Daiwa 's strengths were its large capital base , its influential position in the Tokyo market and its links to Japanese corporations and institutional investors . 
The rig was built around 1980 , but has drilled only two wells , the last in 1982 . 
Elsewhere , share prices rebounded in Hong Kong , Sydney , Singapore , Wellington , Taipei , Manila and Seoul . 
Dow Jones industrials 2659.22 , off 3.69 ; transportation 1210.70 , off 25.96 ; utilities 215.04 , off 0.31 . 
Volume on the first section was estimated at 600 million shares , down from 1.03 billion shares Friday . 
Disabled Americans have had their civil rights guaranteed in all federally funded programs since Section 504 was passed as a part of the 1973 Rehabilitation Act . 
It could take six months for a claim to be paid . 
Among broader Nasdaq industry groups , the utility index gained 18.11 to 761.38 . 
While no doubt agreeing with Mr. Lawson on everything else , Sir Alan is a dyed-in-the-wool monetarist , inclined to defend floating rates to the death . 
Knight-Ridder Inc. said third-quarter earnings jumped 18 % , partly because of the sale of two of its media properties . 
He returned home last Thursday , packed a bag with fresh clothes and reported for duty Friday in Walnut Creek . 
`` But it will definitely boost Next 's sales . '' 
Big Board traders said a 200,000-share buy order at $ 150 a share entered by Bear , Stearns & Co. , which was active in UAL stock all day , is what set off the UAL crowd in the late afternoon . 
Nothing seems hard here . 
John Stoner , marketing director for True Temper Corp. , a subsidiary of Black & Decker , says people do n't want to move a leaf pile . 
When he gets calls , `` I do n't even have to consult '' with Mrs. Coleman , Mr. Masket says . 
Ronald J. Taylor , 48 , was named chairman of this insurance firm 's reinsurance brokerage group and its major unit , G.L. Hodson & Son Inc . 
Soviet police clashed with demonstrators in Moscow following a candlelight vigil around the KGB 's Lubyanka headquarters in memory of those persecuted under Stalin . 
Mrs. Stinnett says she never believed in ghosts before , but lately her vacuum cleaner turned itself on , a telephone flew off its stand , doors slammed inexplicably , and she heard footsteps in her empty kitchen . 
But there was one bright spot yesterday . 
We just do n't have that kind of income stream . '' 
Analysts agreed with company expectations that operating profit will be down this year and in 1990 . 
I promise you will stay awake through this intriguing documentary about the science of sleep . 
Chinese and foreign economists now predict prolonged stagflation : low growth and high inflation . 
None of the officials was available for comment . 
Glaxo was the biggest gainer , jumping 35 to # 13.78 ( $ 21.72 ) on anticipation of a stock split next week . 
IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , said it wanted to bring out the mainframes as soon as it could to spark as many sales as possible by the end of the year . 
The budget was only $ 400,000 . 
I 'm not going to address questions of safety ! '' ) 
Ms. Bogart , an acclaimed creator of deconstructed dramatic collages that tear into such sacred texts as Rodgers and Hammerstein 's `` South Pacific , '' is decidedly downtown . 
Bob Stone stewed over a letter from his manager putting him on probation for insubordination . 
In early trading in Tokyo Tuesday , the Nikkei index rose 1.08 points to 35586.60 . 
Only about 20 % of California home and business owners carried earthquake coverage . 
`` It now takes something really weird to inspire public outrage . '' 
Mr. Miller says that after a sharp sales slump in July and August , sales stabilized in September . 
A two-hour lunch break follows . 
Mr. Tait say he does n't blame Lilly . 
In the past , writes Houston Chronicle columnist Jim Barlow , outlanders were accepted only after passing a series of tests to prove they had the `` right '' Texas attitudes and `` of course they had to be dipped for parasites . '' 
Mr. Dozen even related the indignity suffered when he and two colleagues went on an overnight fishing expedition off the New Jersey shore and caught nothing . 
But I still think the fundamentals are poor , '' said Denise Gilbert , an analyst with Montgomery Securities in San Francisco . 
Southwestern Bell Corp . 
Small-business people end up paying insurance premiums worth two to three times the cost of one illness . '' 
The company said third-quarter sales are expected to increase 25 % from $ 3.12 billion of last year 's third quarter . 
Viacom accuses Time in its suit of refusing to carry Showtime or a sister service , The Movie Channel , on Time 's Manhattan Cable TV system , one of the nation 's largest urban systems . 
Either way , the word `` broker '' is clearly out of favor . 
But nearly 3 1\/2 years later , Merrill says the investment is worth about $ 43,000 -- an amount that represents an annual return of just over 2 % on Dr. Blumenfeld 's $ 40,000 . 
It also owns Moody 's Investors Service , which assigns credit-ratings to bonds and preferred stock ; A.C. Nielsen , known for its data on television-viewing patterns , and Yellow-pages publisher Donnelley . 
Seasonally adjusted figures for August were n't available because of a recent strike that has disrupted the ministry 's data collection . 
`` They are always the first to be sold when people are taking profits , because people are most scared of the high-technology stocks , '' said Robin West , director of research for Ladenburg Thalmann 's Lanyi division , which specializes in emerging growth stocks . 
The president of Herzog , Heine , Mr. Geduld expects the market to be `` very choppy '' for a while . 
Thus , farmer Johan Fischer , his T-shirt and jeans covered in grease , crawls around under his planter , tightening bolts and fixing dents . 
A spokeswoman for J.P. Morgan , parent of the bank Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. , confirmed its appointment to assist the managers but declined to elaborate . 
Such rate increases `` will increase the total cost of U.S. products and slow down the rate of increase of U.S. exports , '' said Richard Connors , a senior vice president of Yusen Air & Sea Service U.S.A. Inc. , the U.S. air-freight-forwarding subsidiary of Nippon Yusen Kaisha of Japan . 
As for other export customers , the Soviet Union is n't expected to be back buying U.S. corn in significant amounts until early next year , he said . 
The companies apt to run into earnings problems soonest are the ones with heavy debt loads , says Larry Biehl , partner in the San Mateo , Calif. , money-management firm of Bailard , Biehl & Kaiser . 
This year , the NFL also imposed an 80-player limit on teams going into training camp , down from 120 , in a move meant to trim payroll costs . 
But if the Japanese return in force , their financial might could compensate to some extent for local investors ' waning commitment . 
This past summer , investors ' appetite for municipal bonds seemed insatiable . 
A surprising surge in the U.S. trade deficit raised fears that the nation 's export drive has stalled , and caused new turmoil in financial markets . 
Mr. Jones has also beefed up his marketing staff to sell the 118 luxury suites topping Texas Stadium ( his deal with Bum Bright included operating rights for the stadium ) . 
The report laid the blame on speculators , who it said had pushed land prices up ninefold . 
In the year-ago period , net included $ 32.7 million from discontinued operations . 
Since then , Jaguar officials have confirmed that they are discussing an alliance with GM and said last week that they hoped to reach an agreement within a month . 
Despite these challenges , Marks & Spencer sees big potential in Brooks Brothers , noting the widely recognized name and global presence . 
Furukawa Electric Co. , one of Japan 's leading electric wire and cable manufacturers , said unconsolidated pretax profit in the fiscal first half ended Sept. 30 fell 5.3 % to 6.11 billion yen ( $ 43.1 million ) from 6.45 billion yen a year earlier . 
Mr. Allen began it with a warning to his hosts , a California church group that opposes rights for homosexuals . 
The bond fund will invest in high-grade or medium-grade bonds , mortgages or asset-backed securities , including as much as 15 % in foreign securities . 
`` There 's unbelievable pressure on economists to forecast these numbers , '' he says . `` 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 100 17\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 3\/32 to yield 7.97 % . 
BUSINESSLAND INC. , San Jose , computer retail company , annual sales of $ 1.1 billion , NYSE , said all 16 corporate office and stores in the area were open with the exception of a retail center in San Francisco 's business district . 
`` All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should concentrate on high technology , electronics or biotechnology , and get out of mature basic industries , '' Mr. Andersson recalls . 
The two boards said in a joint statement that the proposed merger agreement was considered in separate board meetings in Oslo Monday . 
Accessories not only sell faster than whole bikes , they also offer profit margins nearly double the 25 % to 30 % or so on sales of complete cycles . 
The telecommunications , specialty glass , ceramic products and laboratory-services concern said the latest quarter included a tax-loss carry-forward of $ 600,000 . 
Another poked a hole in the heel of his shoe . 
The government 's assertions of the cover-up were made in last minute pretrial motions . 
The companies block traffic much as highway on-ramps are blocked when traffic backs up . 
Net fell 16 % to $ 123.1 million , or $ 1.02 a share , from $ 145.7 million , or $ 1.18 a share . 
But the figures reinforced the view of many private analysts that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has run out of steam . 
Enormous ice sheets retreated from the face of North America , northern Europe and Asia . 
Compiled by Publishers Weekly from data from large-city bookstores , bookstore chains and local bestseller lists across the U.S. . 
`` It 's clearly a manifesto for the next stage of perestroika , '' said one analyst . 
Mortgage - , Asset-Backed Securities 
He says the title of his speech was to make his point that Americans have rights as individuals , not as members of certain select groups . 
In a speech prepared for delivery in New York yesterday , retired Justice Lewis Powell contested the notion that the last Supreme Court term marked a turn toward conservatism : `` Commentators who agreed on little else unanimously proclaimed a ` shift in direction ' on the court ... . 
When he met with Mr. Bush on his return , Mr. Lee says , he told the president that the Chinese `` made statements to me that I regard as a first step toward reconciliation . '' 
Springs Industries dropped 1 3\/8 to 36 . 
A computer with the optical device will still cost $ 6,495 , but from now on Next will outfit every computer with a hard drive and supply one at no cost to those who have already bought Next machines . 
One basis for linking change in the East and change in the West is the notion that integrating 110 million Eastern Europeans with 320 million Western Europeans is primarily the task of Europeans , despite the U.S. 's obvious strategic and economic interest . 
Forty million in the total scheme of things is not that significant . '' 
Planar President James Hurd says he has to pay tariffs as high as 15 % to sell his display panels in Japan and South Korea , while panels from those countries enter the U.S. duty-free . 
The new goal of the Voting Rights Act -- more minorities in political office -- is laudable . 
But if the board rejects a reduced bid and decides to explore other alternatives , it could transform what has been a harmonious process into an adversarial one . 
As a result , the volume of Banco Exterior 's export credit portfolio plunged from 824 billion pesatas ( $ 7.04 billion ) as of Dec. 31 , 1986 , to its current 522 billion pesetas . 
For instance , a CD-type annuity from North American Co. for Life & Health Insurance , Chicago , offers 8.8 % interest for one year or a 9 % rate for two years . 
Analysts expect the trade gap for the year to surpass $ 2 billion as demand for capital equipment and raw materials continues to push imports higher . 
But a few days later the police accused him of stealing electricity , acquiring rubber without permission and buying stolen property . 
The picture , to be made in the Central American country of San Elvador , is a cover for sending $ 800 million of arms to Los Otros , the rebel group attempting to regain neighboring Ambigua , which has been taken over by the leftist dictator Dr. Overtega , a former podiatrist , who leads a revolutionary band of foot soldiers . 
He adds , `` I think it was a fairly decent call . '' 
$ 150 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd . 
`` We 're not going to walk in and replace a company 's corporate accounting system if it 's already running on an IBM mainframe , '' concedes Kenneth H. Olsen , Digital 's president . 
Ohbayashi Corp. agreed to buy E.W. Howell Co. , the U.S. subsidiary of Selmer-Sande AS , of Norway , for about $ 7 million . 
Some people had hoped ABC 's ratings would go up because of the intense focus on the event in the aftermath of the earthquake . 
An increasing number of big Japanese investors are buying up U.S. home mortgages that have been pooled and packaged for sale as interest-bearing instruments known as mortgage-backed securities . 
Alan G. Hassenfeld , chairman and chief executive , added that Hasbro 's new line of battery-powered racing cars , called Record Breakers , and its acquisition of Cabbage Patch Kids , Scrabble and other lines from Coleco Industries Inc. puts the company `` in a good position as we enter the Christmas buying season . '' 
A.P. Green currently has 2,664,098 shares outstanding . 
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders . 
In its annual economic report for 1989-1990 , the commission also projected 1990 gross domestic product growth for the 12 EC members at 3 % . 
The uninsured subordinate lien bonds are n't rated , according to the lead underwriter . 
But there are ample rewards in its plaintive slow sections and virtuoso fireworks for soloist , brass and timpani . 
There are , unfortunately , plenty of answers to that question -- and scam artists know all of them . 
In addition , an unusually wide array of federal agencies moved to provide specialized assistance . 
Bond Corp. signaled it will focus on building its domestic and international media and communications businesses . 
Why , they wonder , should it belong to the EC ? 
Earlier this year , Cordis , a maker of medical devices , agreed to plead guilty to felony and misdemeanor charges related to the pacemakers and to pay the government about $ 5.7 million in fines and other costs . 
Of the funds that fared the worst in the post-Oct . 13 week , two are heavily invested in airlines stocks , which led the market slide following problems with financing for the UAL Corp . buy-out plan . 
While some assets have been written down , others are undervalued in the accounts , Mr. Bond maintained . 
`` The dollar has n't reacted much to it , so gold has n't either , '' he said . 
Although the company could see fourth-quarter revenue shrink by nearly $ 5 billion if it is n't able to deliver any more planes this year , those dollars actually would just be deferred until 1990 . 
Ms. Browning says she believes a recapitalization involving employee ownership would succeed only if the pilots relent on their demand for control . 
`` Readers do n't want to face all those ad pages at the front of a magazine , '' he said . 
Last year , more than $ 100 billion was donated to the nation 's 400,000 charities . 
Neither could be reached for comment . 
Managing partners who responded to the survey typically spend over half their time supervising their firms ' day-to-day operations and just a little more than a third of their time practicing law . 
Blunt Ellis , a Milwaukee brokerage firm , says part of the reason catalog sales grow in popularity is because consumers have more money but less time to spend it . 
The new Mips machine , called the RC6280 , will cost $ 150,000 for a basic system . 
`` Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account , '' he says . 
Company auditors are continuing their review , and final restated figures are n't yet available . 
Silicon Graphics Inc. , a fast-growing maker of computer workstations , said it landed two federal government contracts worth more than $ 100 million over the next five years . 
Traders said the buy programs came from very large institutional accounts that were also active in the stock-index futures markets . 
Executions , regardless of how frequently they occur , are also `` proper retribution '' for heinous crimes , Mr. Hatch argues . 
In a typical leverage strategy , a fund tries to capture the spread between what it costs to borrow and the higher return on the bonds it buys with the borrowed money . 
Mr. Wertheimer , 38 years old , had been a first vice president in the industrial group in investment banking . 
Besides adding to sales , leathers also attract retailers who may buy furs later , he adds . 
A security guard at a cargo terminal , he wears a Sons of Italy jacket and cap celebrating `` The US 1 Band . '' 
The most likely white knight would be Societe Generale de Belgique S.A. , which already owns 18 % of AG and which itself is controlled by Cie . Financiere de Suez , the acquisitive French financial conglomerate . 
Japanese companies have a caveat competitor attitude . 
Why does n't he just follow through on one of these things ? '' 
Some have bought big chunks of Strip property for what may turn into another wave of building . 
Ameritech Corp. 's earnings increased 2.8 % , after strong revenue gains were offset somewhat by refunds and rate reductions imposed by regulators in its Midwest territory . 
Other roads were obstructed by collapsed buildings and damaged water and power lines , an emergency relief spokesman says . 
`` If Lloyd 's wants # 70,000 out of me they will have to take everything I 've got -- and even then I do n't know if it will be enough , '' she says . 
Michigan 's Senate passed a bill requiring girls to get parental consent for an abortion and Pennsylvania 's House cleared a measure banning abortions after the 24th week of pregnancy . 
The new bacteria recipients of the genes began producing pertussis toxin which , because of the mutant virulence gene , was no longer toxic . 
General Electric Co. was given an $ 89.6 million Navy contract for nuclear propulsion parts . 
`` But I 'm going to lose $ 50,000 to $ 60,000 on it . 
At Scudder , Stevens & Clark Inc. , phone calls came in at 40 % more than the normal pace through early afternoon . 
A friend mentioned that she might want to look into a position at Aetna , if she was interested in a job that would constantly challenge her . 
Bankruptcy specialists say Mr. Kravis set a precedent for putting new money in sour LBOs recently when KKR restructured foundering Seaman Furniture , doubling KKR 's equity stake . 
On a day some United Airlines employees wanted Mr. Wolf fired and takeover stock speculators wanted his scalp , Messrs. Wolf and Pope saw their prospective personal fortunes continue to plummet as shares of UAL , United 's parent company , dived $ 24.875 on the Big Board to close at $ 198 . 
Put option on March 31 , 1992 , at a fixed 107 3\/4 to yield 3.5 % . 
According to one dealer , Japan said it has only 40,000 tons of sugar remaining to be shipped to it this year by Cuba under current commitments . 
It is projected to keep growing by a million barrels a day , or up to 2 % annually , for years to come . 
The New York Mercantile Exchange , the world 's chief oil futures marketplace , is at a critical juncture . 
Pharmaceuticals made across-the-board advances . 
Meanwhile , Japanese government bonds retreated in quiet trading , stymied by the dollar 's resiliency . 
He paid $ 2.2 million , for instance , for a still life by Jan Jansz. den Uyl that was expected to fetch perhaps $ 700,000 . 
A giant heater , working like a blowtorch , causes the mud to crust and burns off any wrappers . 
The one-hour program will be repeated with updates throughout Saturday mornings . 
SMALL TALK : 
Mr. Pound responded , `` It 's a deal . '' 
Analysts said they were impressed by the performance of the company 's newspaper group , which consists of the Times , 35 regional newspapers and a one-third interest in the International Herald Tribune ; group operating profit for the quarter increased slightly to $ 34.9 million from $ 34.5 million on flat revenue . 
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said . 
But South Korean auto makers are confident that the export market will bounce back and that demand in Korea will stay strong . 
In general , the thrust of the department 's directive is to encourage prosecutors to limit pretrial asset seizures if there are less intrusive means of protecting assets the government may subsequently be able to seize after a conviction , Mr. Runkel said . 
New York Stock Exchange volume was 164,830,000 . 
Eastern 's creditors committee , along with the company , has consistently opposed the pilots ' claim , which if paid would have to come out of money both hope to use to pay off other bankruptcy claims . 
Individuals familiar with the case said that throughout September , defense attorneys were talking with the government in an effort to prevent a trial , but by the end of the month the talks had ended . 
Odds and Ends 
It says it may pull its clients ' ads from those magazines . 
If there were such evidence , you can be sure you would have heard of it . 
This decision resulted in at least some drugs entering the United States as a hidden cost of the war . '' 
In 1982 , he started a factory in Greece . 
Damage will be `` easily in the millions , '' the company said . 
Among companies saying they monitor employees are United Airlines , American Airlines , United Parcel Service , Nynex Corp. , Spiegel Inc. , and the circulation department of this newspaper . 
But the 57-year-old publisher has moved quickly and boldly to deal with the magazines ' problems . 
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
Third-quarter revenue rose to $ 4.9 billion from $ 4.7 billion . 
Moreover , Individual Inc. 's computers can weigh the value of an article based on how closely the story matches the subscriber 's interest area . 
Neither woman was invited by CBS News to participate in a round-table discussion about Mr. Hoffman that is to follow the re-enactment . 
`` It 's a very valuable weapon in their armory , '' which could enable Ford to bid sooner for Jaguar , observed Mr. Barber of James Capel . 
`` The hero of my youth , the one person in history I 'd most like to meet . 
`` Evidently , somebody has realized it 's easy money to steal these things , '' says Loran Whitelock , a research associate specializing in cycads at the Los Angeles State and County Arboretum . 
France 's second-largest government-owned insurance company , Assurances Generales de France , has been building its own Navigation Mixte stake , currently thought to be between 8 % and 10 % . 
The difference is magnified by time , too . 
The registered importer would be required to bring such vehicles into compliance with the U.S. safety standards , compared with the current situation in which anyone can bring in such vehicles and modify them to meet the U.S. standards . 
One reason questions surround the heat experiments is that they involve unusually meticulous measurements . 
Older properties that still have a 1950s image are also vulnerable . 
And at a luncheon meeting Tuesday of Democratic senators , there was outspoken opposition to cutting the capital-gains tax this year , according to participants . 
`` Nothing has happened since we signed the contract to undermine our conviction that Hydro-Quebec was the lowest-cost , most environmentally acceptable choice for meeting a part of our customers ' energy needs through the year 2020 , '' said Central Maine senior vice president Donald F. Kelly . 
`` Until now , we were trying to increase productivity with the facilities we already had . 
The harder question is whether anyone yet understands that Mr. Bush 's fight for his constitutional prerogatives is about politics as much as it is about law . 
Our advice is this : Immediately return the government surpluses to the economy through incentive-maximizing tax cuts , and find some monetary policy target that balances both supply and demand for money ( which neither aggregates nor interest rates can do ) . 
But he put off a firm decision while his aides and legislators searched for a compromise that would tighten requirements for such abortions in a way acceptable to the president . 
PWA did n't disclose the expected net cost of the fleet overhaul , but a Toronto-based analyst estimated it at about $ 450 million ( US ) , excluding replacement costs for the 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA plans to sell , and purchase costs for as many as 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft that PWA previously ordered . 
Several phone calls and a visit to his broker 's office later , the dentist found out that the $ 9,000 drop represented the current value of the premium he paid when he bought the CD , and that the amount was n't insured . 
`` Really brave views right now would be foolhardy . '' 
The airline had allowed them to move ahead of some union members in seniority following the 1985 strike , a move the union had contested in a previous lawsuit . 
Proceeds of the sale , expected to be completed next week , would be used to repurchase as many as 10 million shares of Honeywell stock , the company said . 
A matching Eagleton-Newark Star Ledger poll last month showed a complete reversal . 
Phillips Petroleum 's third-quarter earnings slid 60 % , to $ 87 million , or 36 cents a share , from $ 215 million , or 89 cents a share . 
But the U.S. companies are redoubling their efforts . 
Longer term , the impact is unclear . 
Unlike those awful Republican consultants , Members do n't profit directly from HUD projects . 
We 're not saying drink more , we 're saying trade up . '' 
They also have argued that government proceedings notifying a company of potential responsibility do n't fit the legal definition of a lawsuit ; thus , such governmental proceedings are n't covered by the policies , the insurers say . 
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said `` that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . '' 
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates . 
As they did when the Philippines was a colony of the U.S. , teachers for the most part teach in English , even though it is a foreign language for most Philippine children . 
SUSPECT `` SALES '' ads are challenged by the Better Business Bureau of Metropolitan New York . 
It is easy to see why Baker , a free spirit who broke many of the restraints convention places on women , attracts Ms. Rose , the author of `` Parallel Lives , '' a wonderful study of Victorian marriage . 
Part of the answer lies in the nature of the industry . 
August through October traditionally is the busiest season for the bakeware business , as many retailers use the goods as autumn promotional items . 
He left a message accusing Mr. Darman of selling out . 
Elsewhere on the takeover front , Time Warner advanced 2 5\/8 to 136 5\/8 and Warner Communications tacked on 7\/8 to 63 7\/8 . 
Lockheed Corp. said it will trim its Aeronautical Systems work force in California and Georgia by several hundred workers , reflecting the defense industry 's decline . 
J. Michael Cook , chairman of Deloitte , Haskins & Sells International , said he believes the legal action by the British firm `` to be without merit . '' 
Before an inventory in 1984 that showed the `` disappearance '' of 944 coins valued at about 2.9 million French francs ( about $ 465,000 ) , there had n't been any stock-taking since 1868 . 
Now , with a semblance of normalcy returning , some advisers say it 's time for investors to take a hard , cold look at the stocks they own and consider some careful pruning . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8667 marks , down from 1.8685 marks late Monday , and at 142.75 yen , up from 141.85 yen late Monday . 
Officials familiar with the bank talks said the UAL buy-out group -- UAL pilots , management , and British Airways PLC -- is now willing to pay higher bank fees and interest , but is n't likely to boost its $ 965 million equity contribution . 
The triple-A-rated issue offered a yield of only about 0.5 percentage point above four-year Treasury issues . 
Both Shearson 's Mr . Will and Stephen Reitman , European auto analyst at the London brokerage firm UBS-Phillips & Drew , recently switched their Jaguar recommendations to hold from buy . 
`` Everybody pretty much pitched in and cooperated , '' said Stan Perez , a sergeant with the California Highway Patrol . 
That compares with 58 % of the similar age group in the 1980 through 1982 surveys and 55 % in the 1972 through 1975 surveys . 
`` We 're committed to deliver the customer 's package by a stated time , usually 10:30 , '' notes Glenn Mortimer , a Federal Express courier who led the Natick team . 
A company official said Arthur Borie , until January chief operating officer of Pic 'N Save Inc. , will buy a 20 % stake in the new Wisconsin Toy subsidiary , and will act as head of Everything 's a Dollar . 
The sale to the Chinese government of 330,000 metric tons of wheat under the government 's export enhancement program was announced after the close of trading Monday , but the sale was expected and failed to buoy prices yesterday , said Dale Gustafson , a futures analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in Chicago . 
But nonetheless U.S. companies might be more successful in European markets if not for the German export push , he said . 
Avon also said it will issue an additional 243,677 of the Class C warrants to holders of its Class A , Class B and unclassified warrants . 
Yuba City , Calif. , meanwhile , ranked dead last among 329 metro areas . 
All of their friends have children and they ca n't , so now they want a child more than anything -- perhaps even more than Michael wanted his fancy convertible or his deluxe stereo equipment . 
The convertible capital appreciation bonds all yield 7.25 % to their respective conversion dates , when they become 7 1\/4 % current interest-bearing bonds until maturity . 
) What about banning abortions in the second and third trimesters ? 
The move , subject to a definitive agreement , is part of a trend by big-city banks that have been buying up credit-card portfolios to expand their business . 
The schools ' central mission , educating children , became subsumed by the competing interests of bureaucrats , politicians and unions . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A fell 1 3\/4 to 20 3\/4 . 
They were priced to yield from 6.00 % in 1990 to 7.20 % in 2009 . 
The solidarity of the uncensored media world-wide against drug terrorism is the only way press freedom can survive . 
MacNamara Clapp & Klein , a small New York shop , is asking magazine ad representatives to tell it when major advertising inserts will run in their publications . 
If the Paribas bid succeeds , it will be the second time in two months a big French investment banking group has snapped up an insurance group . 
Earlier this year , Martin Feldstein , president of the National Bureau of Economic Research , argued forcefully that a government that wants steady , stable exchange rates might try some steady stable economic policies . 
That 's a faster growth rate than reported by Compaq , which did n't post similar results until its fourth year , in 1986 . 
For the real estate industry , a watchword for the 1990s will be buy , more than build . 
AT&T said its amended pension program will nearly double to 34,000 the number of managers eligible to retire with immediate pension payments . 
`` The market must have turned up and down 15 different times , '' commented Lance Zipper , head of OTC trading at Kidder Peabody . 
The Senate Finance Committee voted to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts , and also to bring back income averaging for farmers , a tax preference that allows income to be spread out over several years . 
Davis Polk & Wardwell also said its international clients are keeping mergers and acquisitions partners busy . 
Mr. Abrams said that Mr. Ortega is seeking to demobilize the Contras prior to the elections to remove any pressure to hold fair elections . 
The two-story roadway , designed in the mid-1940s and completed in 1957 , was supported by columns that apparently lacked the kind of steel reinforcement used in highways today . 
The hotel is scheduled to open in 1992 . 
Banco Exterior was created in 1929 to provide subsidized credits for Spanish exports . 
Just two weeks ago , BankAmerica 's yields in many of those maturities was 8.61 % . 
Its stock also has risen lately , at least partly because it is considered a possible takeover candidate . 
The management turnover at Reebok International Ltd. continued with the resignation of company president C. Joseph LaBonte , who joined Reebok just two years ago . 
Rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue , which is non-callable for five years , will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co . 
Concern that investors could misinterpret such readings led the American Association of Individual Investors to eliminate beta figures for precious-metals funds in the 1989 edition of its mutual-fund guide . 
PLASTIC PENCILS , CODE-NAMED E-71 , made their hush-hush debut in children 's pencil boxes at five-and-dime stores in 1973 . 
Olin said its chemical segment had profit of $ 22 million , up from $ 15 million a year ago , largely because of gains in electrochemicals such as caustic soda . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to 
Schering-Plough Corp. , based in Madison , N.J. , reported a 21 % rise in earnings as American Home Products Corp. of New York posted an 11 % increase in net . 
In an invention that drives Verdi purists bananas , Violetta lies dying in bed during the prelude , rising deliriously when then she remembers the great parties she used to throw . 
Hewlett-Packard affirmed it does n't plan to obtain control of Octel , a Milpitas , Calif. , maker of voice-processing systems . 
`` There was a lot of internal debate about that specific issue , '' said Susan Bryant , Oklahoma 's chief securities regulator and president of the North American Securities Administrators Association , which drafted a voluntary settlement plan for the states with Drexel . 
Futures `` do n't need defending , '' says Andrew Yemma , a spokesman for the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , which trades the S&P 500 , by far the largest stock-index futures contract . 
But overall buying interest remained strong through Monday , with many observers saying they expect the Nikkei to continue with moderate gains this week . 
Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting , socially awkward individuals with shirt-pocket liners for their pencils and a preoccupation with computers and matters numerical . 
The three urban horticulture experts with Cornell Cooperative Extension weighed in with a letter to the BPCA that began : `` We feel that the garden is horticulturally doomed . '' 
Short interest is the number of shares that have n't yet been purchased for return to lenders . 
Petroleos will supply 135,000 barrels of oil a day for the refinery , Unocal said . 
A new specialty court was sought by patent experts , who believed that the generalists had botched too many important , multimillion-dollar cases . 
James Earl Jones and Mario Van Peebles carry out a bitter intergenerational dialogue between two black men . 
Besides Bond Corp. , British Satellite 's other backers include Pearson PLC , Reed International PLC and Granada Group PLC . 
Defense lawyers , perhaps understandably , say that plaintiffs ' lawyers taking such an approach will have little success in pursuing their claims , though they add that the facts of each case must be looked at individually . 
EARTHQUAKE VICTIMS facing imminent filing and payment deadlines will get extensions and penalty waivers like those provided for Hugo 's victims ; IRS Notice 89108 has details . 
The fight between HBO and Showtime is particularly acrimonious because Mr. Biondi is the former chief executive of HBO , and Mr. Cox served as chief of marketing for the service . 
The company does n't wait until the final hours to get ready for hurricanes . 
Frank L. Mingo , one of the pioneers of advertising targeted at black audiences , died at the age of 49 after a stroke . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
And National Geographic 's smaller-than-average size means extra production costs for advertisers . 
Warner said it will provide financing for the venture , but did n't disclose terms . 
Such preferences persist even though many Americans believe differences between imported and domestic cars are diminishing . 
`` By filing for Chapter 11 , the Merksamer chain will only need approval from a bankruptcy judge for the sale , not the hundreds of unsecured creditors , '' said this executive . 
He received $ 50,085 . 
Nine-month revenue was $ 1.02 billion , up 22 % from $ 841.5 million . 
But problems in manufacturing , forecasting demand and getting the bugs out of a new management information system made it extremely difficult for Sun to meet demand for its newest computers well into the summer . 
She spent a month at an Aetna school in Gettysburg , Pa. , learning all about the construction trade , including masonry , plumbing and electrical wiring . 
The New York study found that the cost of security measures in firms with fewer than five employees was almost $ 1,000 per worker , compared with one-third that amount for firms with more than 10 employees . 
Never . '' 
The others endure the hot sun of the plains and scowl like cornered wild beasts . '' 
Outside what essentially amounted to a bookkeeping exercise , dealers said London dealings were largely dulled by the absence of active interest beyond the market-makers . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.20 % 45 to 67 days ; 8.325 % 68 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.875 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.75 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
One hundred and ninety two former greats , near greats , hardly knowns and unknowns begin a 72-game , three-month season in spring-training stadiums up and down Florida . 
Some of the money will go to the Chico Mendes Foundation , but it is n't earmarked for groups trying to save the rain forest . ) 
At Saks Fifth Avenue , Paul Leblang , senior vice president , marketing , agreed that lower prices will help his management team in their proposed LBO . 
Delta has benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub . 
The vote of 345-47 sent the measure to the Senate . 
Many plant floors currently resemble a Tower of Babel , with computers , robots and machine tools that generally speak their own language and have trouble talking to each other . 
In the process HUD has wasted untold billions , created slums and invited corruption . 
The bad news , however , has n't been bad enough to kill the growing demand for financial planning . 
Ms. Haag plays Elianti . 
In addition , Searle will give pharmacists brochures on the use of prescription drugs for distribution in their stores . 
When only civil liability is involved , this method has the undeniable strengths of factual specificity and avoidance of overgeneralization . 
The plan is subject to a satisfactory due diligence investigation of Carol Cable by Penn Central , a definitive agreement and regulatory approvals . 
That acquisition , to be completed by year end , will include the Cover Girl and Clarion makeup lines , making P&G the top marketer of cosmetics in mass-market outlets . 
But United Media says it 's very scrupulous with the contracts it hands out . 
Mr. Corry might have to dismember the company more than he wants to . 
`` The opposition can be the most hurt because everyone already figures the LDP is that kind of beast , '' says Shigezo Hayasaka , former aide to LDP kingmaker Kakuei Tanaka and now an independent analyst . 
Mr. Hogan said `` The Secret Life of Ian Fleming '' and `` Treasure Island '' cost more than $ 6 million each to make , which is only about one-third the cost of most movies made for theatrical release . 
`` The obligation is totally unwarranted , '' the statement said . 
At a meeting in Malaysia , Australia and Canada also assailed the British prime minister for criticizing the 49-nation group 's call for Pretoria to ease apartheid . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks , down from 1.8578 marks late Friday , and at 141.90 yen , down from 142.43 yen late Friday . 
Albany escaped embarrassingly unscathed . 
But the different business system would make it hard for Dentsu to provide these Japanese companies the same kind of services they do in Japan . 
Hiroshima officials said they still consider the contract in effect and had no immediate plans to cancel it . 
The new exchange drew instant recognition from an unwelcome quarter . 
Y.J. Park and her family scrimped for four years to buy a tiny apartment here , but found that the closer they got to saving the $ 40,000 they originally needed , the more the price rose . 
Mr. Carter said he would go to war to stop anyone from trying to grab Iran . 
Merieux , a vaccine manufacturer based in Lyon , France , is 51%-held by French state-owned Rhone-Poulenc S.A . 
The earthquake shattered windows at San Francisco International 's air-traffic control tower and rained pieces of the ceiling down on controllers , three of whom suffered minor injuries . 
In both cases , Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover have been fighting ferociously over their shares of the pie . 
When you think of the words `` risk '' and `` investment , '' what 's the specific peril that comes to mind ? 
The KGB has abolished a unit known for persecuting dissidents , the government newspaper Izvestia said . 
Guaranteed by India . 
For harried public-land managers across the nation , the response is increasingly to shut the gates . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
`` There are an increasing number of people out there who are time-poor , '' said Chris Vroom , retail analyst with Alex . Brown & Sons of Baltimore . 
Mr. Sung formerly worked at General Electric in research on synthetic diamonds . 
For many , it began to look like a replay of Oct. 13 . 
-- Give the EPA more flexibility to declare a pesticide an imminent hazard and pull it from the marketplace . 
And returns on cash investments may continue to exceed inflation by a wider margin than they did over the long-term past . 
And some investors at Fidelity and elsewhere even began buying stock funds during the day . 
Preliminary cost-of-living data for the current month are calculated based on inflation data from the four largest West German states -- Baden-Wuerttemberg , North Rhine-Westphalia , Bavaria and Hesse . 
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists . 
In one personal-injury case , a woman claimed she had been injured when she slipped in a pool , but the fall did n't explain why one of her arms was discolored bluish . 
Even utility stocks are n't all that inexpensive , at an average of 14 times earnings . 
The Fed exercises a power given to it by Congress and the president . 
`` He is going to pursue other interests , '' Mr. Jahn said . 
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich . 
`` It was a very nervous day , '' said John Geary , partner of the Big Board specialist firm Ziebarth , Geary . 
Though the split has long been expected , the exchanges are n't fully prepared to go their separate ways . 
They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : `` Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him or ... disapproved by him ... . '' 
That 's true of only 14 % of households headed by someone 60 or older . 
Revenue was reduced $ 33 million by three extraordinary items : a California Public Utilities Commission refund for an American Telephone & Telegraph Co. billing adjustment ; a provision for productivity sharing to be paid to customers in 1990 and a one-time accrual for a toll settlement with long-distance telephone companies . 
Pound concerns aside , the lack of strong buying interest in the yen is another boon for the dollar , many traders say . 
Mr. Boyd is of the directorial school that believes one must find modern parallels or metaphors to make Shakespeare accessible to today 's audiences . 
The relationship between surface release of CFCs and global stratospheric ozone loss was identified back in 1974 . 
We recall that Mr. Roberts not only chides the Chancellor for being too easy because of a desire to constrain sterling , but also led the chorus saying that Mr. Volcker was too tight when he let the dollar rise . 
The company , which currently has 13.5 million common shares outstanding , said it has no specific plans for the shares . 
Nutmeg Industries lost 1 3\/4 to 14 . 
Most of the telephone problems in the immediate aftermath stemmed from congestion . 
ERC International Inc. , which provides professional and technical services to the military , is refining its defense niche , not retreating from it . 
Ford managed to show a profit for the quarter primarily because of earnings from overseas auto operations and financial services . 
Institutional investors that must evaluate poison pills on a regular basis are interested less in this general debate than in the answers to specific questions about the corporation issuing the pill . 
The Financial Times 100-share index shed 47.3 points to close at 2082.1 , down 4.5 % from the previous Friday and 6.8 % from Oct. 13 , when Wall Street 's plunge helped spark the current weakness in London . 
And they say the outlook for 1990 is nearly as bad . 
A native of the area , he is back now after riding the oil-field boom to the top , then surviving the bust running an Oklahoma City convenience store . 
The new S&L law allows the RTC to issue notes for as much as 85 % of the value of the assets it holds . 
`` Mr. Hunt 's attempt to squeeze the silver market 10 years ago is still indirectly to blame for today 's market depression , '' says Lesley Edgar , managing director of Sharps Pixley Ltd. , London bullion brokers . 
If the economy slips into a recession , then this is n't a level that 's going to hold . '' 
One stuck to old-line business traditions , while the other embraced the change . 
Revenue rose 21 % to $ 243.4 million from $ 201.2 million . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Champion 's shares rose 25 cents to $ 32.125 . 
Mr. Smith 's managers have , at times , been called `` Ho Chi Minh 's Guerrillas . '' 
`` At a certain price , if the management thinks { the stock } is cheap , they can go in and buy it . '' 
The company will save between C$ 4 million and C$ 6 million annually in office expenses and other administrative costs by moving to Calgary , Mr. Maier added . 
The strain was discovered by Morinaga & Co. and licensed to Gustafson , a unit of Uniroyal Chemical Co . 
Their opposition helped scare off some Japanese banks . 
The U.S. wants a higher won to make South Korea 's exports more expensive and help trim Seoul 's trade surplus . 
Ameritech 
`` The period when growth stocks should be performing well is when their earnings are growing at a superior rate to the general level of corporate profits , '' says Stephen Boesel , president of T. Rowe Price 's Growth and Income Fund . 
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest-rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast . 
But bond investors continue to keep a close watch on the jittery stock market . 
He should chop out both unconstitutional provisions and budget pork . 
Maybe they were hidden by all the people . '' 
Dunkin ' Donuts Inc. , battling a takeover proposal by Canada 's DD Acquisition Corp. , said that its directors will evaluate takeover offers submitted by Nov. 10 . 
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore , Sydney and Wellington , but were lower in Seoul . 
We tell them all the major companies are having financial difficulties . '' 
Experts on sales technique say anyone representing a troubled company must walk a fine line . 
Mr. Mitchell 's first victory came last week , when the Senate passed a deficit-reduction bill that did n't contain a capital-gains provision . 
Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business . 
IF YOUR FLIGHT attendant seems a little weary , it may be because he or she has been working 20 straight hours . 
`` The stock , in my opinion , is going to go lower , not only because of disappointing earnings but { because } the credibility gap is certainly not closing , '' says L. Craig Carver of Dain Bosworth . 
The 220 pilots involved in the suit are n't members of the union . 
The card holder will pay the modest 1 % fee only on the amounts actually needed . 
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running . 
The changes were proposed in an effort to streamline federal bureaucracy and boost compliance by the executives `` who are really calling the shots , '' said Brian Lane , special counsel at the SEC 's office of disclosure policy , which proposed the changes . 
Miniscribe reported a negative net worth and hinted it may file for Chapter 11 . 
The moisturizer , introduced in 1962 , had a dowdy image . 
Revenue slipped 1.2 % to $ 2.21 billion from $ 2.23 billion . 
`` Overall demand still is very respectable , '' says Christopher C. Cole , group vice president at Cincinnati Milacron Inc. , the nation 's largest machine tool producer . 
In his letter to Committee Chairman Glenn Anderson ( D. , Calif. ) , the secretary also said the bill `` would be at odds with the administration 's policies welcoming open foreign investment and market allocation of resources . '' 
`` We 're back to square one , '' said Simon Smithson , an analyst in Japan for Kleinwort Benson International Inc . 
Ground batteries , targeting an odd assortment of aircraft traveling at highly unusual speeds , opened up a furious fusillade . 
Other steelmakers envision steel roofs covering suburbia . 
Neither was among the 46 traders indicted last August in a federal investigation of traders at both the Merc and the Chicago Board of Trade . 
Not really ! 
This could be a big protest against an administrative failure . '' 
The defense lawyers , three of whom are solo practitioners , say they ca n't afford to put their law practices on hold for another seven-month trial . 
They showed up , but did n't -- or could n't -- challenge . 
Acting sometimes falls flat . 
The trade report drew yet another unsettling parallel to October 1987 . 
Wayne Smith , an attorney at Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher in Los Angeles representing Sony , said the Sony executives had n't seen the contract because `` it was n't relevant once Guber and Peters told them Warner would let them terminate it at any time . '' 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.48 % 30 days ; 8.30 % 60 days ; 8.28 % 90 days ; 8.10 % 120 days ; 8 % 150 days ; 7.90 % 180 days . 
`` I believe that the perception that legislation in this area may be hastily approved contributed to the collapse of the UAL transaction , and the resulting disruption in the financial markets experienced this past Friday , '' Mr. Trump wrote members of Congress . 
The specific scene he mentions in which pet dogs are crushed is somewhat reminiscent of the continual plights that befall the coyote in the old Warner Bros . `` Road Runner '' cartoons . 
That tariff is too stiff for some Financial District wage earners . 
'' By lowering prices throughout its stores , she says , `` Sears has the right idea . '' 
Standard-issue portraits of flaky Californians , snobbish homosexuals and Neanderthal union leaders undermine the force of the author 's perceptions . 
And while the defense secretary is speaking out , President Bush himself has n't launched any high-visibility campaign to drum up support , as President Reagan did . 
Munich-based Allianz 's brief explanatory statement said it is acting to protect its own interests as a shareholder of Navigation Mixte . 
The sheets tell how the medicine works , describe how to use it and list its possible side effects . 
While all the numbers in the durable goods report were adjusted for seasonal fluctuations , a Commerce Department analyst said that the adjustment probably did n't factor out all of the wide-ranging surge in defense orders . 
Because a put option gives its owner the right , but not the obligation , to sell a fixed number of shares of the stock at a stated price on or before the option 's expiration date , the investor is protected against a sudden drop in the stock 's price . 
In a recent General Accounting Office study , the Merc was found to have been the most lax in enforcing exchange rules . 
Manufacturers have already spent so heavily on automation that they are one of the computer industry 's leading revenue sources . 
The total borrowing will be about $ 208 million , the company said . 
Readers were electrified by the paper 's audacity and appalled by the dark side of life it uncovered . 
A disciplined program will work the best , Mr. Boesel says . 
East Germany pledged to reduce alcohol consumption by boosting production of soft drinks and fruit juices . 
In other earthquake-related news , Hambrecht & Quist 's OTC market makers were excused from trading yesterday and its positions were frozen for the day by the National Association of Securities Dealers . 
When the tremors struck , the region 's largely unseen high-tech fabric held up surprisingly well despite the devastation visible from the air . 
Four former Cordis Corp. officials were acquitted of federal charges related to the Miami-based company 's sale of pacemakers , including conspiracy to hide pacemaker defects . 
Miss Brady is deputy director of the Russian Research Foundation in London . 
Reflecting the new-found interest , more than 140 U.S. companies are taking part in a Moscow exhibition organized by Mr. Forrester 's trade group . 
But what about all those non-duck ducks flapping over Washington ? 
Social Security benefits will rise 4.7 % next year to keep pace with inflation , boosting the average monthly benefit to $ 566 from $ 541 , the Department of Health and Human Services announced . 
There are a few ramshackle fishing towns with quiet atolls of resort houses nearby . 
Sales declined 3 % to $ 524.5 million from $ 539.4 million . 
The package was brought to the House just 15 days after it was introduced , indicating Congress 's eagerness to reward Poland and Hungary for their moves toward democracy and freemarket economic reforms . 
Calgene , an agricultural biotechnology concern , said initial work will concentrate on a proprietary strain of Bacillus subtilis which has shown promise for controlling aflatoxin . 
Mr. Hubbard , who died in 1986 , bequeathed the copyrights on his writings to his church , which licensed them to New Era Publications , a Danish corporation . 
Volume of asset-backed securities issued annually 
Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets and focus operations on Canada , Indonesia and other international areas . 
Many of the morning-session winners turned out to be losers by afternoon . 
Nikko 's pretax profit rose 1.6 % to 130.25 billion yen from 128.19 billion yen . 
In addition to the new mainframe hardware and software , IBM announced a magnetic-tape system for data storage that it said occupies half as much floor space as older systems but can store five times as much data on a single cartridge . 
But advertising revenue is inadequate . 
Under traditional legal theories , inability to prove which company manufactured a drug that caused an injury or death would lead to the lawsuit being dismissed . 
Indeed , during a recent post-production audience discussion , the director explained that her fondest artistic wish was to find a way to play `` Somewhere Over the Rainbow '' so that the song 's `` original beauty comes through , '' surmounting the cliche . 
Pennsylvania Higher Education Facilities Authority -- approximately $ 117 million of revenue bonds for Hahnemann University , Series 1989 , due 1990-2002 , 2009 and 2019 , priced late Monday by a Merrill Lynch Capital Markets group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.282 % in 2019 . 
Thus , a court is poorly positioned to make judgments about the social utility of the expanded rule . 
Many officials are also concerned about companies getting a `` free ride '' on government-sponsored research . 
In fact , Commodore 's fiscal fourth-quarter loss was $ 2 million narrower than Commodore had expected a few weeks after the quarter closed . 
Between 1978 and 1987 , for instance , SH Oil in Winter Haven , Fla. , sold interests in oil wells to a very select group of local residents , while turning away numerous other eager investors . 
Mr. Pearce has also encouraged his staff to work more closely with GM 's technical staffs to help prevent future litigation . 
I bow to no one in my regard for our terrestrial heritage , but if we are serious about global warming we must look at the big picture and not allow the Dominant Culture to lock us into the capitalist-exploiters-greedy-American-consumers-global - warming scenario as the sole model for discussion . 
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia-Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable . 
Her parents lost everything in the 1906 earthquake . 
Even if a grower beats them back , his $ 2,000 rented bees might buzz off to the neighbors ' orchards instead of pollinating his , Mr. Broderick says . 
John Bonomo , a Nynex spokesman , says the telephone company needs to monitor operators to evaluate performance during the first six months on the job . 
Tandem , which already specializes in on-line transaction processing , is a potent competitor in that market . 
When the good fairy assigned to Slovakia hovered over the cradle of Edita Gruberova many years ago in Bratislava , she sprinkled her with high E flats , sparkling Ds , clean trills , and coloratura ornaments silvery as magic dust . 
The Chosen Soren and the JSP immediately denied the report . 
`` Given our forecast for lower rates , purchases made now should prove quite rewarding before year end , '' he said . 
Ed Voyles Olds recently established a special section in the service department for owners whose cars are less than a year old , so they get quicker service . 
`` If we want to survive as a people , '' he says , `` we have to change our way of life . 
But maintaining the key components of his strategy -- a stable exchange rate and high level of imports -- will consume enormous amounts of foreign exchange . 
Long-term bonds have performed erratically this year . 
The head of British Satellite Broadcasting Ltd. said he hopes to raise about # 450 million ( $ 711 million ) before the satellite-TV venture makes its delayed debut next spring -- with a major chunk coming from new investors . 
Officials with Meredith did n't have any immediate comment on the suit . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367 an ounce , down 30 cents . 
In the six months ended Sept. 30 , pretax profit at the British clothing and food retailer rose to # 208.7 million ( $ 330.1 million ) from # 185.5 million a year ago . 
We really are talking about shutting down a major American city for a number of days , maybe for a few weeks . '' 
This year , the older someone is the bigger the discount . 
Why , when a key witness disappears , does Mancuso trash her apartment , tearing down drapes , smashing walls ? 
He added that Eurocom and WCRS had agreed to provide a development fund of # 100 million for acquisitions . 
This is the year : Unsuspecting filers of 1988 personal returns are being picked randomly for thorough audits to help the IRS update its criteria for enforcement , audit selection , and use of resources . 
The CF6-6 series engines are n't being manufactured any more ; they are only being used in the DC-10 Series 10 planes currently in service , he said . 
Mazda makes the Tracer for Ford . 
I am waiting . 
That went over the permissible line for warm and fuzzy feelings . 
In addition to hedging new stock purchases , the married-put technique can be used to protect stocks that an investor already owns . 
Mrs. Coleman 's husband , Joseph , a physician , succeeded Mrs. Rosenthal as president and served in that post until his death in 1968 . 
Exxon officials said it will cost less to run its headquarters at Las Colinas than in New York . 
Perhaps most dramatic was the performance of the metropolitan New York real-estate market , which was booming until I entered it in late 1988 , at which time it posted the first negative compound annual growth rate in years . 
A substantial warming would melt some of the Earth 's polar ice caps , raising the level of the oceans and causing widespread flooding of heavily populated coastal areas . 
Mr. Parks of Call Interactive says TV executives are considering the use of 900 numbers for `` talk shows , game shows , news and opinion surveys . '' 
`` He 's a genuine Wheaties-box athlete , '' gushes Mr. Jones . 
NUCLEAR REACTOR FOR ISRAEL ? 
They strongly suggest that Justice 's prosecutions of Drexel Burnham Lambert , Michael Milken and Princeton\/Newport violated notions of fundamental fairness . 
And Democrats , who are under increasing pressure from their leaders to reject the gains-tax cut , are finding reasons to say no , at least for now . 
TW Services 
On the same basis , revenue rose to $ 2.7 billion from $ 2.2 billion . 
There 's a certain irony in the fact that Federal Express faces its first union problems as a result of its Tiger purchase . 
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers . 
The bank employs 8,000 people in Spain and 2,000 abroad . 
A year earlier , the savings bank had earnings of $ 8.1 million , or 33 cents a share . 
The nine-month results included a $ 9.5 million special charge in 1989 for an arbitration settlement related to past export sales , and $ 29.7 million in extraordinary charges in 1988 related to a former line of business and early redemption of debt . 
On Monday , traders noted that some investors took profits against the backdrop of the Nikkei 's fast-paced recovery following its plunge last Monday in reaction to the Oct. 13 drop in New York stock prices . 
Since then , Intel has cornered a large part of the market with successive generations of 16-bit and 32-bit chips , all of which can run software written for previous models . 
Mayer , Brown & Platt , Chicago , added two partners to its Houston office , Eddy J. Roger Jr. , and Jeff C. Dodd ... . 
The clutter of the 1940s remains , but its color has drained away , and the will to overcome has been defeated . 
He has two more years at Texas A&M . 
A new issue , Exabyte , surged 2 1\/8 from its initial offering price to close at 12 1\/8 . 
The company said it is part of a continuing world-wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries . 
In recent weeks , China 's leaders have recentralized trading in wool and scores of chemical products and commodities . 
All kinds of landmark Texas real estate has been snapped up by out-of-staters . 
`` Everyone is waiting to see if deals can be done at sensible prices and if money is available , '' said Jack Nusbaum , co-chairman of Willkie Farr . 
Such sudden cultural shifts may come across as a bit forced , but they seem to be genuine -- so much so , in fact , that some older employees have resisted . 
I suppose sooner or later , the Japanese would have to fill up a large part of the gap on the naval side . 
Because the stock prices of some paper companies already reflect an expected profit slump , PaineWebber 's Mr. Ross says he thinks that next year the share prices of some companies may fall at most only 5 % to 10 % . 
But yesterday , as the morning wore on , some major West Coast refinery operators -- including Chevron Corp. , Exxon Corp. and the Shell Oil Co. unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group -- said their refineries were n't damaged and were continuing to operate normally . 
Baker nonetheless remains furious both at Shamir , for backing down on the elections , and at Shamir 's rival , Peres , for political ineptitude in forcing a premature cabinet vote on Baker 's plan . 
That 's some of what emerges from the following charts , which show how Americans have changed their investment patterns over the past 90 years . 
U.S. terrorism experts also say they are highly uncertain about the veracity of the separate documents leaked to the New York Times . 
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire . 
Richard Firestone , chief of the FCC 's common-carrier bureau , said he expected the agency to propose new rules next year . 
Mr. M'Bow was an extreme case , but even his replacement , the more personally genial Spanish biochemist Federico Mayor , has had little success at achieving reforms . 
On her husband 's 50th birthday ( after an auspicious 23 years of marriage , it should be noted ) , Betsy , Al and their college-bound son set out for New York to visit Fordham University . 
On Manic Monday , the volume of German shares traded in London more than tripled to 2.2 million , and the volume of French shares rose 48 % . 
Wall Street 
Efforts to fight the blaze were hampered because water mains were severed as well . 
Alongside the old problems of a non-convertible currency and an inpenetrable bureaucracy , Western business executives must now grapple with new complexities linked to perestroika , the restructuring of the Soviet economy . 
Democracy is forcing the abortion debate toward healthy compromise , toward the unpolarizing middle . 
The president also hinted he might veto this year 's intelligence authorization bill if it is too restrictive . 
The first part , consisting of $ 151 million of 13 3\/4 % senior subordinated reset notes , was priced at 99.75 . 
`` It 's great to feel good for once in 15 years , '' says Harrison Hickman , a consultant to abortion-rights advocates , reflecting the relief of his compatriots after last week 's victories , the first major events since the Supreme Court , in its July 3 Webster decision , permitted the states to enact restrictions on abortions . 
The office of foreign investment has authorized some $ 1.78 billion worth of investment proposals , said Edwin Perozo , superintendent of foreign investment . 
The chairs are S-Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer . 
The Philadelphia Fed says it is merely an `` agent '' for coins , responsible only for storage and distribution . 
Mr. Della Femina says he plans to remain heavily involved in the creative product at the world-wide agency , serving as a sort of `` creative conscience . '' 
And the company is certain to get out some aircraft with just supervisors and other non-striking employees on hand . 
While flying home from those discussions , Mr. Bush drafted a letter to Mr. Gorbachev suggesting an informal get-together to precede their formal summit next year . 
One big technology issue , Novell , rode the roller coaster . 
`` Prime Time Live , '' a new show this season featuring Sam Donaldson and Diane Sawyer , has a studio audience that applauds and that one night ( to the embarrassment of the network ) waved at the camera like the crowd on `` Let 's Make a Deal . '' 
In coming years , Mr. Cathcart says , Kidder is `` gon na hum . '' 
Dunkin ' Donuts ' announcement followed DD Acquisition 's request to the Delaware Court of Chancery Monday to set a trial date for its suit against the company . 
GTE Corp . 
The economy , he noted , moves the market , not vice versa . 
In a prepared statement from Australia , the company also said that , following the breakdown of the MGM talks , it `` had been re-evaluating its position as a significant shareholder and a substantial creditor of Qintex Entertainment '' and had `` resolved to minimize the degree of further loans to Qintex Entertainment in excess of that previously made . '' 
And half the employees surveyed think companies dole out too little to them . 
Mr. Tomlin , who left the Navy in 1985 , pleaded guilty earlier this year to related conspiracy , bribery and tax-evasion charges . 
Is n't it reasonable to assume that the asset you own would be worth more if the government suddenly announced that if you sold it , you would be able to keep 30 % more of its gain than you previously believed ? 
-- In most states , increasing expenditures on education , in our current circumstances , will probably make things worse , not better . 
He softened the talk about a recession . 
Sales for the just-ended period fell to about $ 225 million , the maker of computer parts said . 
The euphoria was such that investors responded to good earnings reports of companies such as American Express , while ignoring the disappointing profits of companies such as Caterpillar , analysts said . 
On the hungry streets of Naguib Mahfouz 's Cairo , life is nasty , brutish and wickedly entertaining . 
The sole A not to homer was cleanup hitter Mark McGwire , their regular-season leader with 33 , and he contributed five hits plus a diving fielding play on a ground ball in Game Three that stopped a Giant rally while the issue still was in doubt . 
A rash of one-time charges left Ashland Oil with a loss of $ 39 million for its fiscal fourth quarter . 
While tens of thousands of software packages using the IBM standard are available in the U.S. , they say only about 8,000 are written for NEC . 
As thanks , the egg industry tried to break him . 
It is an intentionally vague document that will create a wave of litigation . 
`` I see we have about half the audience working for us , '' he said , tongue in cheek . 
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity . 
A Ministry of International Trade and Industry official said that a study found that Japan 's annual economic growth rate would eventually be only 0.8 % if carbon-dioxide emissions remained at this year 's level of 300 million tons . 
Goliaths like Unilever and P&G have enormous financial advantages over smaller rivals . 
Mr. Roman said American Express 's Mr. Robinson first approached him about the job in late September . 
In 1987 , Hong Kong 's most prosperous year for a decade , 30,000 left , up 58 % from the previous year . 
In the transaction , Integrated will transfer 100 % ownership of the subsidiary to Gerard M. Lavin , executive vice president of Integrated and head of back-office operations at the subsidiary , and Gary W. Krat , executive vice president of the parent and president of the subsidiary . 
That injunction resulted from litigation between Temple and Sea Containers last May . 
The dollar finished softer yesterday , tilted lower by continued concern about the stock market . 
Among active Amex issues , the American depositary receipts of B.A.T Industries fell 1\/4 to 11 3\/4 on turnover of 885,800 . 
What makes the veteran FBI man so endearing is his hard-bitten cynicism -- earned , we discover , when he was assigned to the civil rights movement back in the 1960s . 
People may be particularly vulnerable to flim-flam pitches when they are in the midst of a major upheaval in their lives . 
But he also cited concerns over the company 's mortgage exposure in the troubled New England real estate market . 
The suit was filed by plaintiffs ' securities lawyer Richard D. Greenfield in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia . 
Travelers crowded into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited for buses in the rain , but the massive gridlock anticipated by officials in the San Francisco Bay area never materialized . 
State loan guarantees are rarely a source of controversy . 
Shipments have run well ahead of 1988 all year , as machine tool builders produce against relatively good backlogs . 
The title of chief executive officer is n't used . 
The declaration immediately made the counties eligible for temporary housing , grants and low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses . 
General paper product sales , including newsprints and other papers , accounting for the bulk of sales , rose to 157.78 billion yen from 143.88 billion yen . 
In a country where elbow room is scarce , laptop machines will take a large portion of the industry 's future growth . 
Stock prices fell and bonds rose as worries mounted about the economy and the junk bond market . 
The dollar rose against the Swiss and French francs . 
Some Golenbock lawyers wo n't be invited to join Whitman & Ransom , according to partners at both firms . 
During the balloting , 26 members of the 500-seat Parliament voted against Krenz , a move considered unprecedented in the country 's 40-year history . 
Along the way , the quake toppled a mall in Santa Cruz , knocked down buildings in San Francisco 's fashionable Marina District and sent a wall of bricks crashing on motorists in the city 's Financial District . 
HomeFed said most of the troubled assets are apartment complexes , shopping malls and other commercial real estate . 
`` Japanese publishers want to be introduced to the publishing and information industries , '' said John Veronis , chairman of Veronis Suhler . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5765 , sharply down from $ 1.6145 late Wednesday . 
THE CHILDREN of Los Angeles will soon have their own $ 52 million courthouse . 
`` Perhaps if my personal matters can be resolved with Laurel bank in the near future , I may be inclined to reconsider your request ... . '' 
Clinton and Timken agreed not to disclose the value of the contract . 
The board 's actions leave takeover stock traders nursing some $ 700 million in losses and eager to respond to anyone who might make a new offer . 
Oct. 9. 1989 : 
`` Psyllium 's not a good crop , '' complains Sooraji Jath , a 26-year-old farmer from the village of Lakshmipura . `` 
American Express Bank earnings fell 50 % to $ 21.3 million from $ 42.5 million despite a 29 % revenue gain . 
Mr. Rabinowitz , the Warner attorney , says the studio still wants the producers to come back and fulfill their contract . 
Its interest expense surged to $ 21.5 million from $ 12.4 million . 
Among the first trades reported by the securities firm of Jefferies & Co. , which makes a market in UAL after the exchange is closed , were 10,000 shares at $ 170 , 6,000 shares at $ 162 , 2,500 at $ 162 , and 10,000 at $ 158 . 
Sri Lanka , where more than 15,000 people have died in six years of ethnic turmoil , said it will ban sex and violence from state-owned television next year . 
While a few assets are still being shopped -- including the sports and entertainment ticketing portion of the company 's Ticketron unit -- Mr. Price said future restructuring would be a question of strategy . 
`` We 're in environments that are going to spend a lot of money on that . '' 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Xerox closed at $ 62.75 a share , up $ 1 . 
Payments averaged nearly $ 200,000 a year from the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency and the CIA . 
`` We 've run out of places to build freeways in L.A. , and the only place to go is up , '' Mr. O'Connell said , although he acknowledges there are many obstacles , including cost . 
Farm income is 15 % below the average . 
He was simply the first in this country to realize that treasures were just lying around waiting to be picked up . 
WCRS has been in discussions with Eurocom for several months . 
That theme has been a recurring one for Soviet military officials for much of this year . 
That would cut into CBS 's slim margin for profit -- and error . 
`` There is a class of investor that wants to be exposed '' to the whole market , says Sandip Bhagat , assistant vice president at Travelers Investment Management Co . 
`` There are enough enlightened and spirited individuals who know their responsibilities , '' he says . 
In 1983 , Texas Air 's Continental Airlines filed for bankruptcy . 
They were succeeded by executives of Fresenius USA Inc. and its parent , Fresenius AG , which owns about 45 % of Delmed . 
Factory owners are buying new machinery at a good rate this fall , machine tool makers say , but sluggish sales of new cars and trucks raise questions about fourth-quarter demand from the important automotive industry . 
And we 'll raise it through existing shareholders '' as well as through junk bonds , said Anthony Simonds-Gooding , the private consortium 's chief executive . 
The Reserve Fund 
It has gotten a bad rep because its once heavily polluted Cuyahoga River caught fire , because former Mayor Ralph Perk set his hair on fire with an acetylene torch and because its proposed Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame was recently refused an urban-development grant . 
The Dorrance estate , auctioned off in a series of sales held over four days , included porcelains , furniture and paintings . 
For the 43 million people with disabilities and their families , this legislation is the `` Emancipation Proclamation . '' 
Mr. Morishita scoffs at those stories , as well as the ones connecting him to the Japanese mob . 
`` That 's not possible . '' 
Some conservatives will accuse the president of promising Congress too much . 
Because the cycle of poverty along the lower Mississippi goes back so many generations , breaking this cycle will be next to impossible . 
With the nonferrous metals business undermined in Switzerland by tough foreign competition and high domestic costs , this looked like a dull undertaking . 
The company said it amended its shareholder rights plan by reducing to 10 % from 20 % the level of ownership by an outsider that would trigger the issuance to other holders of rights to buy additional shares of Nashua common at half price . 
`` The sense is we would never be in a position again where everything works for us the way it did before , '' says Rod Eddington , Cathay 's commercial director . 
`` I did n't even know that a company in a socialistic country could file for bankruptcy . '' 
The State Bank 's move is part of a drive to iron out exchange-rate discrepancies as Moscow moves toward making the ruble convertible -- a goal that Soviet bankers and economists say is still far away . 
Like all genes , tumor-suppressor genes are inherited in two copies , one from each parent . 
It runs out frantically now and then , and is clearly pretty distressed . 
Conversely , strong consumer spending in the U.S. two years ago helped propel the local economy at more than twice its current rate . 
It is the right-wing guerrillas who are aligned with the drug traffickers , not the left wing . 
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place . 
The election , which would bring the first major union to Federal 's U.S. operations , has pitted new hires against devoted veterans such as Mr. Brown . 
The list of laboratories claiming to be producing inexplicable amounts of heat from `` cold fusion '' experiments is slowly growing . 
Traders were shouting bids and offers a full five minutes before the start of trading at 8:30 am 
In the asset-backed market , a big offering of Ford Motor Credit Corp . auto-loan securities was increased in size after strong institutional demand . 
The government 's primary economic-forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing . 
Sales rose 14 % to $ 715 million from $ 625.4 million . 
No human can examine millions of moves , but Mr. Kasparov , using his ineffably powerful brain , consistently found very good ones . 
So far , about 150 Orange Workers have moved here , spending nearly $ 1 million buying up property over the past three years . 
On May 19 , the FDA began detaining Chinese mushrooms in 68-ounce cans after more than 100 people in Mississippi , New York and Pennsylvania became ill from eating tainted mushrooms . 
UAL tumbled $ 56.875 to $ 222.875 on volume of 2.3 million shares , and AMR declined by $ 22.125 to $ 76.50 as 4.7 million shares changed hands . 
Berlin 's Villa Grisebach will auction art works with pre-sale estimates of less than $ 1,600 on Nov. 25 . 
Washington , D.C. , topped the competitive slate yesterday with a sale of $ 200 million of general obligation tax revenue anticipation notes . 
Tony Lambert , Mrs. Verne 's successor , says the mint 's losses from the theft run into the hundreds of thousands of francs . 
Part of a Series } 
`` This is no time to be playing in the street ... 
For Carat , meanwhile , the alliance with Eurocom and WCRS is intended to strengthen its own push outside France . 
`` Prices for LBOs have to come down if you do n't have that feature , '' argued Lawrence Schloss , managing director for merchant banking at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. in New York . 
That is due mostly to payments from Allianz for most of the 50 % stake it has agreed to acquire in Navigation Mixte 's insurance business . 
Thus , they say , futures inhibit the basic purpose of the stock market : to accurately price securities so that capital and investment flows where it 's needed most . 
But that drop was caused entirely by a decline in Brazilian interest paid , to $ 5 million from $ 54 million the second quarter . 
AT&T said third-quarter net income grew , despite stiff competition in all of the company 's markets . 
The plant builds chassis for recreational vehicles and about 450 workers will be affected by the closing . 
According to some who attended , the senators argued that the president should give the Democratic leaders in Congress a victory of their own to compensate them for allowing the president to win on the controversial capital-gains issue . 
If the three companies pool their air-freight businesses , their clout would be considerable . 
`` The { influence of the } U.S. is not being felt in Central America ; Washington 's decisions do not respond to a policy , and are divorced from reality , '' says Fernando Volio , a Costa Rican congressman and former foreign minister . 
Because of the business-like manner in which the Bank goes about development , financial markets have confidence in it . 
So far , though , there have been no allegations that the contributions the LDP members received amounted to bribes . 
It 's one more , too , for the fans who dream of a season that never ends . 
The transaction is subject to approval by a panel of disinterested directors , the company said , adding that shareholder approval is n't needed . 
Back in the U.S.A. this kind of chi-chi airborne activity wins heartwarmingly covetous responses . 
Details about its size and cost have n't yet been determined . 
Industry sources estimate the agency brokers property and casualty premiums worth about $ 25 million annually , and has revenue , based on a standard 10 % commission rate , of about $ 2.5 million . 
Great Northern Nekoosa reacted coolly to Georgia-Pacific 's takeover bid of $ 58 a share , or $ 3.19 billion , though the suitor said all terms are negotiable . 
In the end , Teddy returns alone to America , leaving Ruth in Max 's chair . 
Montedison S.p.A. definitively agreed to buy all of the publicly held shares of Erbamont N.V. for $ 37 each . 
But hardly the only ones : The scams promise -- among other things -- to help save the environment , feed starving families and prevent the disappearance of children . 
After slipping on news of a smaller-than-expected U.S. inflation figure , the dollar rebounded later in the trading day . 
In Japan , the wineries are promoting their products ' Pacific roots and courting restaurant and hotel chefs , whose recommendations carry weight . 
In late May , Newmark & Lewis announced a plan to cut prices 5 % to 20 % and eliminate what it called a `` standard discount-retailing practice '' of negotiating individual deals with customers . 
John R. Garrison President National Easter Seal Society 
The Bush administration plans to announce a series of principles and to work with congressional leaders in writing specific legislative proposals that embody them . 
Back then , Mr. Pinter was not only the angry young British playwright , but also the first to use silences and sentence fragments and menacing stares , almost to the exclusion of what we previously understood to be theatrical dialogue . 
The company said the negative factors are expected to continue into next year . 
But industrywide trading activity slowed in September as institutional investors turned cautious and individuals continued to shy away from the market . 
Sales for the third quarter increased 6.5 % to $ 1.51 billion from $ 1.42 billion . 
Teijin was up 15 at 936 , and Kyowa Hakko gained 30 to 1,770 . 
Citing its reduced ownership in the Lyondell Petrochemical Co. , Atlantic Richfield reported that net income slid 3.1 % in the third quarter to $ 379 million , or $ 2.19 a share , from $ 391 million , or $ 2.17 a share , for the comparable period last year . 
Mesa President Larry Risley said his board had received Stateswest 's most recent offer and was reviewing it . 
Markets -- 
Made in USA . 
It may seem trivial to worry about the World Series amid the destruction to the Bay Area wrought by Tuesday 's quake , but the name of this column is `` On Sports , '' so I feel obliged to do so . 
And profit from polymers dropped to $ 107 million from $ 122 million amid what Du Pont called lower demand and selling prices in certain packaging and industrial markets . 
`` You eliminate companies with substantial prospects that are moving up in price . '' 
The company , which reported that its loss for the fiscal quarter ended Aug. 26 widened from a year earlier , cut its semiannual dividend in half in response to the earnings weakness . 
It marked the first time a U.S. official was impeached on charges of which a jury had acquitted him . 
However , Monarch Capital Corp. of Springfield , Mass. , has developed a `` combination plan '' of annuity and insurance coverage that it says does not violate the new regulations and that allows policy loans without tax consequences . 
When a country cuts tax rates , it makes itself more attractive to investors and drives up the value of its currency . 
It included lawyers from civil rights and consumer groups , plaintiffs ' lawyers and defense attorneys , corporate counsel and law professors . 
Mr. Carlucci , 59 years old , served as defense secretary in the Reagan administration . 
In a generation or two some of the New Crowd may attain true respectability , perhaps to be displaced in turn by a later flock of unscrupulous raptors . 
Seymour Schreibman , the 65-year-old owner of Schreibman Raphael Furs Inc. , treats the reverse side of a Persian lambskin to produce a reversible fur-and-leather garment . 
The shuttle Atlantis 's crew prepared to return to Earth today several hours earlier than planned to avoid high winds forecast at the landing site at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif . 
But the firm also tracks smaller technology companies as a subset of the larger group . 
I do n't feel down or done in because I show British serials on my television network or read their books . 
Mr. Morishita considers himself a connoisseur of art . 
Karstadt did n't give any group sales or profit figures for the first nine months . 
Estimates of damage in the area , visited Friday by Bush , topped $ 5 billion . 
The project will be the largest U.S.-backed joint venture to be undertaken in the Soviet Union in recent years . 
Intel makes semiconductors and Campeau operates department-store chains and is strained for cash . 
But Judge Louis L. Stanton of federal court in Manhattan ruled that the city could n't be faulted for waiting too long because it did n't realize until 1986 that its ownership of the painting was in dispute . 
`` We do n't need cartoons anymore . 
First Security Corp. said it tentatively agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp. for stock valued at about $ 18 million . 
And that puts added pressure on Chez Panisse dessert-menu planners . 
But Fujitsu Ltd. has taken that practice to a new extreme . 
As it is , we identify national goals and the threats to these goals , we shape a strategy to counter these threats , we determine the forces needed to execute the strategy , before finally forging the budgets needed to build and maintain the forces . 
He says he used consultants in the case but `` found them to be virtually useless . '' 
Because of the vagaries of Gramm-Rudman , the immediate impact is relatively small . 
North Atlantic Industries jumped 1 to 5 3\/4 . 
Today , so-called mountain bikes account for two-thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. . 
The house just settled right down into the ground . 
In addition , the principles attempt to eliminate the so-called Delaney Paradox . 
`` That was the first time they lost and I won , '' he says . 
The provision will help provide for tax liabilities that may stem from the restructuring . 
It raises the long-cherished hopes of many Germans for reunification -- a prospect that almost equally alarms political leaders in Moscow , Washington and Western Europe . 
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion . 
`` If we want to have our own nation , then we must be willing to do all the work ourselves , '' says Hendrik Verwoerd Jr. , son of the former prime minister and the leader of the Orange Workers , founded in 1980 . 
McCaw said the three independent directors provided for in the offer would be designated by the current board . 
Morgan Grenfell said Michael Dobson , currently group deputy chief executive , will assume the chief executive position . 
Most recently , the Bank Group has been expanded to include the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency to stimulate direct foreign investment in developing countries by offering guarantees against noncommercial risk and advice to member countries on how to improve their business climate . 
It was , after all , only his second full day as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
As part of the agreement , Mr. Gaubert contributed real estate valued at $ 25 million to the assets of Independent American . 
Specifically , the law says the rates must closely reflect what the company 's actual expenses have been to replace damaged cars . 
But they have to attract good senior bankers who can bring in the business from day one . '' 
But Mr. Runkel contends there has been no exodus of strike-force lawyers . 
Over the past decade , competitors have chipped away at the exchange 's share of the # 2.5 billion marine market in London , where half the world 's ships are insured . 
`` They will do it every chance they get , '' said one program-trading executive . 
Actually , `` we do n't get much negative publicity about this , '' he insists , `` except for the press who write about it . '' 
Abortion alone ca n't explain this shift , but New Jersey is a model of how so personal an issue can become a baseline of sorts in judging a candidate . 
The minimum coupon is 13 3\/4 % . 
Sometime in 1991 , as soon as the 1990 census becomes available , a redistricting panel will redraw the City Council district lines . 
But how much will shoppers benefit ? 
In novels of an earlier vintage , David would have represented excitement and danger ; Malcolm , placid , middle-class security . 
`` We know that Saab is looking for a partner for industrial and financial cooperation , '' Fiat said . 
The protesters said their actions were justified by the desire to save the lives of unborn children . 
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month . 
The increase in wage and benefit costs in the third quarter was greater than the 1 % rise reported for the third quarter of 1988 . 
For the nine months , net totaled $ 526 million , or $ 3.74 a share , up 5 % from $ 501 million , or $ 3.71 a share , a year ago . 
Another concern is liquidity , or how easily a security can be converted into cash . 
The rally transformed some big sell orders into big buy orders , solving an order-imbalance problem . 
`` Now , we realize what our mothers must have gone through , '' she says . 
For Mr. Tait , who says he used to earn as much as $ 150,000 a year at Wang , it was one more reason to quit . 
Instead , the banks secured a promise from state-owned Bank of Communications that it would lend Asia Development the entire $ 55 million at maturity to finance repayment of the original borrowing . 
The merger would create Scandinavia 's seventh largest bank , with combined assets of 210 billion Norwegian kroner ( $ 30.3 billion ) . 
Ko Shioya spent eight years as the editor in chief of the Japanese edition of Reader 's Digest . 
`` We suspected there was downtime built into our process . 
`` Generalizations about value are n't useful , '' says New York money manager John LeFrere of Delta Capital Management . 
And it 's going to be done more frequently as the result of having more access to it at different places . '' 
Nissan Motor Co. 's Infiniti division likes to insist that every dealer construct and furnish a building in a Japanese style . 
In Sacramento , a transportation department spokesman said he could n't immediately confirm or deny existence of the test work . 
Indeed , some of the bill 's requirements , including broad representation on the exchanges ' boards of directors and strong measures to prevent conflicts of interest , already have been put in place by the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange and other futures exchanges . 
Yields on money-market deposits were unchanged at an average 6.96 % for $ 50,000 and less and down just a hundredth of a percentage point to 7.41 % for jumbo deposits . 
`` It raises questions about more deep-seated problems , the budget deficit and the trade deficit and the seeming lack of ability to come to grips with them . '' 
After reaching an intraday high of $ 107.50 the day Mr. Trump disclosed his bid Oct. 5 , AMR 's stock had retreated as low as $ 97.75 last week . 
And the Treasury 's $ 17.6 billion auction of short-term bills , which generated strong buying interest , helped to lift the bond market out of the doldrums . 
The Socialists held 184 seats going into the balloting . 
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corp. said it decided to proceed with installation of automatic gauge and shape controls at its 60-inch tandem cold rolling mill in Allenport , Pa . 
The sixth partner , John H. OBrion , Jr. , is joining Cowan & Owen , a smaller firm outside Richmond . 
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being . 
In most cases damage to company facilities and operations was minimal . 
The young farmer makes money on the few hogs he sells here . 
The presence of Unilever and P&G is likely to increase the impact of advertising on cosmetics . 
The contract also provides for advanced billing and network management services . 
Last month , the carrier said it wanted to lease crews and planes from British Airways so it could funnel its passengers from London to other European destinations . 
The comic strip `` has a magical , everlasting quality about it . 
However , the disclosure of the guidelines , first reported last night by NBC News , is already being interpreted on Capitol Hill as an unfair effort to pressure Congress . 
Sales rose 2.8 % to $ 864.1 million , from $ 840.4 million . 
If approved , the sale is expected to close by year 's end , with the spinoff occurring by the end of 1992 . 
At Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , they are `` financial consultants . '' 
As a regulator charged with restoring investor confidence , Mr. Breeden avoided making market-jarring comments and worked to gather information critical to Wall Street and to other government agencies . 
Trek Bicycle Corp. , which accounts for one-quarter of the $ 400 million in annual sales at its Milwaukee-based parent , Intrepid Corp. , entered the mountain-bike business in 1983 . 
Most economists expect the slowing U.S. economy to curb demand for imports . 
According to individuals familiar with Mr. Antar 's case , prosecutors issued their warning this week after one of Mr. Antar 's attorneys asked whether legal fees might be subject to seizure . 
The evidence does not clearly support the view that the downward bias in output growth has become greater during the 1948-89 period , but all I am claiming is that the growth trend is understated . 
For a cloture vote to stop the filibuster , Republicans must muster at least 60 votes . 
I have felt many aftershocks . 
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said . 
American Pioneer Inc. said it agreed in principle to sell its American Pioneer Life Insurance Co. subsidiary to Harcourt Brace Jovanovich Inc. 's HBJ Insurance Cos. for $ 27 million . 
The rest is listed on Spanish stock exchanges . 
Using the new technique developed by Cetus Corp. , called the polymerase chain reaction , the scientists rapidly made millions of copies of the section of DNA that ordinarily contains the hemoglobin gene , providing enough copies to test . 
They argue that the rights of RICO defendants and third parties not named in RICO indictments have been unfairly damaged . 
But although Japanese companies increased their U.S. auto output by 42 % from January to September compared with the year-earlier period , their exports to the U.S. will drop only 9 % this year , Nikko Research Center estimates . 
Besides sacking other senior Politburo officials who allied themselves with Mr. Honecker , Mr. Krenz could loosen controls on the news media , free up travel restrictions , and establish a dialogue with various dissident groups . 
`` The philosophy is to make the patient and the family very responsible for a portion of their own care , '' says Anthony J. Grieco , medical director of cooperative care at New York University Medical Center , where the concept began 10 years ago . 
As their varied strategies suggest , there is more than one way to respond to a disaster -- though it 's too soon to tell whether the changes will pay off . 
There are , of course , analysts who view the near-panic that briefly swept through investors on Oct. 13 and again on Oct. 24 as momentary lapses of good judgment that have only temporarily undermined a healthy stock market . 
The cheapest , among 100 cities surveyed , was $ 5.11 in El Paso , Texas . 
In addition to his previous real-estate investment and asset-management duties , Mr. Meador takes responsibility for development and property management . 
CAE said the fixed price for the first of the AH-64 Apache combat mission simulators is C$ 19 million . 
It 's a valid approach , but it puts a heavy burden on the director to show an uncommon degree of imagination and taste . 
The lumber , insulation and fireproofing concern said the transaction , which includes a swap of other timber interests , would result in a $ 13.5 million after-tax gain , to be recorded in the fourth quarter . 
Special Judge Galloway noted that Givens managed horse-breeding in a businesslike way : He kept detailed accounts , practiced soil conservation , enhanced his experience by consulting experts , spent several hours a day doing chores , and dropped the sideline when his best brood mare died . 
The offering , Series 1989-87 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 1\/2 % securities . 
Which goes to show that the First Law applies in insurance as in anything else : There is no free lunch , there is only marketing . 
Mr. Ball noted that television stations featured people holding up phone books , explaining where to call for help . 
William J. Russo was named senior vice president , public affairs and advertising , for this financial and travel services concern 's American Express Bank Ltd. subsidiary . 
Leaseway said it has begun discussions with certain institutional debt holders to review the proposed private placement transaction , which would exchange the debt for new subordinated debt instruments and equity securities . 
Interviews with three major fund groups -- Fidelity Investments , Vanguard Group Inc. and T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. -- confirm the trend . 
He graduated near the top of his class , serving on the school law review with Richard Thornburgh , who went on to become governor of Pennsylvania and , now , U.S. Attorney General . 
`` Stop-close-only orders '' are stop orders that only become active during the closing minutes of trading . 
John A. Conlon Jr. , 45 , was named a managing director at this investment-banking company . 
The U.S. , along with Britain and Singapore , left the agency when its anti-Western ideology , financial corruption and top leadership got out of hand . 
The collapse of a $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. has handed Wall Street 's takeover stock speculators their worst loss ever on a single deal . 
The White House warned that this would be an unconstitutional usurpation of its power . 
`` Whatever you tried to change , whether it was cutting costs or attracting new partners , the big obstacle was the old union leadership , '' says oil consultant George Baker . 
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator . 
The experts said they expected Eastern would have to issue new debt to cover its costs , and that it would generate far less cash than anticipated . 
There , judges who saw few such cases and had no experience in the field grappled with some of the most technical and complex disputes imaginable . 
Morgan Stanley has consistently been one of the top stock-index arbitrage traders in recent months . 
We scuttled along for a few feet before he plunged us into the drink again . 
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , AT&T shares closed at $ 43.375 , up 87.5 cents . 
This is no idle fear last year the FHA lost $ 4.2 billion in loan defaults . 
She says it 'd create 600 jobs and bring Cleveland tourist revenue . 
Net income , however , rose 3.7 % to 107.87 billion yen from 103.98 billion yen . 
For Switzerland 's most prestigious newspaper , Neue Zuercher Zeitung , Mr. Rey seems destined to remain the `` former Bally raider , '' an image that has proved hard to overcome . 
Last month , for example , Mips agreed to supply its computers to Nixdorf Computer AG of West Germany and France 's Groupe Bull . 
It was the second time in less than a week that Quotron has had problems calculating the industrial average . 
The Justice Department said it filed a lawsuit seeking more than $ 7.7 million from a Meredith Corp. unit on charges that the company defrauded the government on a contract to provide relocation services for federal employees . 
And they have bought about $ 500 million in prepaid-tuition plans , offered in Michigan , Florida and Wyoming . 
Digital 's push into mainframes comes at a time when its mainstay minicomputer line is under growing pressure from smaller personal computers and workstations that operate on standard operating systems rather than on the proprietary systems that older minicomputers use . 
Recently the industry has faced the threat of new restrictions , and political donations may have been made with the intent to bribe . 
In practice , it ends up being equated with a `` self-expression '' that encourages the youngsters ' `` self-esteem . '' 
The Red Cross has opened 30 shelters in the Bay area , serving 5,000 people . 
But , by allowing BT Securities Inc. to handle private placements , the Fed boosted the volume of new types of underwriting that the unit can do . 
Large pockets of poverty still exist . 
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods . 
William Rothe , head of OTC trading at Alex . Brown & Sons , in Baltimore , said program trading is keeping the markets unsettled . 
It was just those kinds of ultimatums that last week succeeded in turning up the heat in the debate . 
British Airways fell 1 to 31 7\/8 . 
It did n't specify the nature of the differences , saying only that they related to `` management style '' and `` strategic objectives . '' 
Mr. Franco , 47 years old , said in a telephone interview that he has been considering and discussing a number of possible business ventures , but that `` nothing is at a mature stage . '' 
Individuals familiar with Mobil 's strategy say that Mobil is reducing its U.S. work force because of declining U.S. output . 
The 10 7\/8 % notes were priced at 99.5 % to yield 10.958 % in an offering managed by Bear , Stearns & Co. , Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Lazard Freres & Co. , the company said . 
`` We want to complain , we want to say something about it , and we 're going to as it gets worse , '' says Rep. Dan Burton , an Indiana Republican who has been a staunch Contra backer . 
They closed Tuesday in composite trading at $ 13.625 , down 37.5 cents , giving the stock portion of the transaction an indicated value of $ 38.8 million . 
That 's a fundamental lesson for investors , but its truth was demonstrated once again in the performance of mutual funds during and after the stock market 's Friday-the-13th plunge . 
Mr. Evans will stay until a successor is found , but not later than the end of the year , the company said . 
`` They are holding their own in a weak market , and the restructuring is working , '' he says . 
Fleet 's net was $ 96.4 million , or 86 cents a primary share , compared with $ 85.8 million , or 79 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Here , then , is where the Orange Workers have come to make apartheid 's last stand . 
`` I want to add one more truck , '' Mr. Huber says . 
Last Friday , 96 stocks on the Big Board hit new 12-month lows . 
One ad shows a bright red jacket paired with a black leather skirt . 
And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid . 
But a medical clinic with about 20 employees wrongly listed all of them -- including physicians and receptionists -- as independent contractors . 
Despite the new emphasis on the family trade , however , tourists in search of naughtier fun than gambling seem certain to find it , with Las Vegas call girls remaining on the scene . 
Republic New York Corp. joined the list of banks boosting reserves for losses on loans to less-developed countries , setting out a $ 200 million provision and posting a $ 155.4 million third-quarter net loss as a result . 
But wait a second . 
Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that investors simply must get used to the stock-market volatility from program trading have drawn criticism from both the exchange 's stock specialists , who make markets in individual stocks , and from many companies that have shares listed on the Big Board . 
A Kodak spokesman declined to disclose the potential value of the contract , which is still in negotiation . 
Getting out of them , however , may be a different story now . 
Already Chrysler has closed the Kenosha , Wis. , plant it acquired when it bought American Motors Corp. in 1987 . 
The main reason was a delay in shipment of new high-end disk drives , a business that accounts for some 10 % of IBM 's $ 60 billion of annual revenue . 
Over the weekend Fossett Corp. , another options trading firm , transferred the clearing accounts of about 160 traders to First Options of Chicago , a unit of Continental Bank Corp. , because it could n't meet regulatory capital requirements after Friday 's market slide . 
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts . 
There 's plenty of whimsy here , but it is n't always clear whether it 's intentional . 
Some TV people doubt they will materialize and argue that even if they do , they wo n't offset the multimillion-dollar deficits that CBS could run up . 
Nearly half of the respondents ( 47 % ) said their investment portfolio was worth $ 250,000 or more , and 17 % said it was worth $ 1 million or more . 
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million . 
BOTH SIDES NOW : 
Moreover , he is a political agent of a political president , who naturally gives extraordinary weight to the way the economy will perform before the next election , and less to its longer-run health . 
A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue-chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . 
GM sought U.S. antitrust clearance last week to purchase more than $ 15 million worth of Jaguar shares but does n't own any yet , according to GM officials here and at the company 's Detroit headquarters . 
Mr. McDonough believes that the well-being of the planet depends on such stratagems as opening windows to cut indoor air pollution , tacking down carpets instead of using toxic glues , and avoiding mahogany , which comes from endangered rain forests . 
For car marketers , it has become a much tougher battle to keep loyal customers from defecting to one of the new makes on the block . 
On a commercial scale , the sterilization of the pollen-producing male part has only been achieved in corn and sorghum feed grains . 
He said IBM has priced its leases aggressively , thinking that would help win business . 
The $ 475,000 sale price earlier this month was the lowest in nearly three years . 
The prime minister 's insistence on keeping a private coterie of advisers -- including an economic guru who openly criticized former Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson -- confused the financial community . 
S.A. Brewing , which is 20%-owned by Elders IXL Ltd. , Australia 's largest brewer , will make a takeover offer for all of Bell Resources if it exercises the option , the corporate regulators said in a statement . 
Michael A. Gaskin , 55 years old , was named president and chief executive officer of this manufacturer of industrial robots , succeeding Walter K. Weisel . 
`` This has been a 15-pound earthquake for me , '' said resident Joan O'Shea , who works in an acupuncturist 's office . 
He said Rorer sold the drugs for `` nice prices '' and will record a combined , pretax gain on the sales of $ 20 million . 
`` We 're trying to get it on line as soon as possible now . '' 
Bethlehem Steel Corp. , LTV Corp. and Armco Inc. all have plans to build additional lines for such coated corrosion-resistant steel . 
Richard Bernstein , senior quantitative analyst at Merrill Lynch & Co , says , `` My gut feel is that we 'll live with those swings for a while . '' 
Time eluded Paramount by acquiring Warner Communications Inc . 
At one sales strategy meeting , an executive suggested ordering salespeople to become experts on the annual report . 
`` There 's a question whether brokers at the time were fully aware '' of the risks . 
The turnaround in the dollar fueled bearish sentiment about Japan 's bond market . 
After various adjustments , they produced a 0.5 % rise in the index for August and a 0.2 % rise for September . 
Billions of investors ' dollars are pouring out of the nation 's junk-bond mutual funds , undermining a pillar of support in the already reeling junk market . 
Real-estate executives are lobbying to ease anti-tax-shelter rules . 
Demand has been growing consistently under the encouragement of pro-consumption government policies , an association spokesman said . 
The telecommunications company 's results included a one-time gain of $ 4 million , or two cents a share , from the sale of Contel Credit , a leasing and financial-services subsidiary . 
There is a recognizable musical style here , but not a particular performance style . 
Governors have found that they have to use the device sparingly to maintain political comity . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Latin American markets continued their recovery after a weak start to the year , SKF said . 
Moreover , `` it 's a lot cheaper and quicker to buy a plant than to build one . '' 
Commodore had been counting on its consumer business to stay sufficiently healthy to support its efforts in other areas -- mainly in getting schools and businesses to use its Amiga , which has slick graphics yet has been slow to catch on because it is n't compatible with Apple Computer Inc. or International Business Machines Corp. hardware . 
He was only the sixth federal judge ever ousted from office after an impeachment trial . 
In their quest to perfect apartheid , the Orange Workers have discovered a truth that most of privileged white South Africa tries mightily to deny : The master ca n't become dependent on the slave and expect to remain master forever . 
A week ago , USAir stock briefly soared above 52 after a report in USA Today that Mr. Steinhardt might launch a hostile bid for the carrier , though takeover speculators say they were skeptical . 
A spokesman for Hallwood said the 12 limited partnerships , which were marketed by brokerage firms and financial planners between 1979 and 1984 , raised several hundred million dollars from investors . 
I understand , but have n't yet verified , that there are studies by Norwegians , Russians and the Max Planck Institute that show either unchanging or declining UV-B at the surface . 
Even if the gross national product is either flat or in the growth range of 2 % to 2.5 % , `` we can handle that , '' Mr. Marous said . 
He cited the case of a Swiss oil trader who recently put out bids via telex for an oil tanker to pick up a cargo of crude in the Middle East . 
Stock-index arbitrage -- the computer-guided buying and selling of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from fleeting price discrepancies -- affects the OTC market directly through the 31 stocks included in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index . 
The decision reflects the Fed 's tougher stance on enforcing the Community Reinvestment Act , a federal law passed in 1977 to help low-income residents obtain loans . 
On average , something that cost $ 100 30 years ago now costs $ 425 . 
Last week , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce began using its national TV show to seek help , such as equipment , for business owners . 
Massachusetts Attorney General James Shannon , opposing the license , said he will appeal the ruling in federal court . 
The survey 's findings certainly are n't encouraging for marketers of health-club memberships , tennis rackets and home exercise equipment , but people 's good intentions , if not their actions , are keeping sales of some fitness products healthy . 
Tandy earned $ 88.8 million , or $ 3.64 a share , in the year ended June 30 . 
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual-fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading . 
The state attorney general 's office filed suit against five New York brokerage firms , charging them with responsibility for much of a $ 200 million loss incurred by the state treasurer 's office in 1987 . 
Mr. Stevens said British Air has n't received any new buy-out proposals from the labor-management group , led by UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf , and has n't received any indication of when one might be forthcoming . 
The 300 and 400 series aircraft will be powered by engines jointly produced by General Electric Co. and Snecma of France . 
The improved tone in the municipal market , largely an offshoot of the New York City sale 's reception , helped municipal futures rebound from early lows , but the spread between the contract and Tbond futures continued to grow more negative . 
Universities such as Harvard and MIT should be able to develop a way to act as brokers for the individual scientists , says Katherine Bick , who oversees the huge NIH grants program as its deputy director for extramural research . 
But the mouse experiment at a Medical Research Council laboratory in London shows genetic defects can be detected three days after conception using a new American-developed gene-copying technique . 
Birtcher Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement with C.R. Bard Inc. , a Murray Hill , N.J. , maker of health-care products , for the purchase of the company 's Bard\/EMS Electrosurgery division for about $ 11 million . 
Those who bought that illusion are now bewildered . 
The study also said each federal court should set strict time limits for the pretrial exchange of documents and evidence , ranging from as much as 100 days for cases in the fast track to as much as 18 months for complex disputes . 
Officials at Goldman Sachs and Salomon Brothers were unavailable for comment . 
`` They hesitate to market NEC-compatible machines ; NEC disapproves of such machines , and marketing one would jeopardize their relationship . '' 
Corporate due process appeals to management for a variety of reasons . 
Despite several spurts of dollar trading , it was noted that mark-yen cross trade grabbed much of the market 's attention . 
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday . 
And then there 's the case of the missing gold watch . 
Next month , Northwest Airlines says , a 108-year-old Lansing , Mich. , woman is taking it up on the offer to fly with her 72-year-old son to Tampa , Fla . 
The company said the general financial performance of its U.S. brewing operations , G. Heileman Brewing Co. , was `` disappointing , and this has been reflected in the results . '' 
An admittedly limited survey by NASAA , whose members are state securities-law regulators , found that between 1986 and 1988 `` fraud and abuse '' by financial planners cost 22,000 investors $ 400 million . 
`` I do n't want to be in a position to have to sell , '' Mr. Frabotta says . 
`` It was great to have the luxury of time , '' Mr. Rawls said . 
David Bell , a spokesman for the airline , says the move is partly aimed at retaining existing staff who are leaving to secure foreign passports ahead of 1997 . 
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today . 
Minpeco has threatened a `` volcano '' of litigation if the Manufacturers Hanover Corp. unit attempts to force such a plan through the court . 
When he sneaked back later to try again , a different policeman offered to help him get the car out . 
He said the company was `` encouraged by feedback '' it received from selected customers now testing Version 1.1 . 
However , if the secretary concludes that a transaction has made a carrier unfit to operate , the department may revoke its certificate , grounding the airline . 
Mr. Lorenzo made no mention of creditors ' negative response to his plan . 
Under the contract Hydro-Quebec was to supply 400 megawatts of power to Central Maine Power starting in 1992 , 600 megawatts starting in 1995 and 900 megawatts starting in 
Profit rates after the great merger wave are no higher , and now we have an extremely high-interest burden relative to cash flow . 
Mr. Laband should beware , since he lives in South Carolina . 
He was succeeded by internal-security chief Egon Krenz , 52 , a hard-liner who quickly ruled out any sharing of power with pro-democracy groups . 
Wheat futures prices fell , however , at least partly in reaction to the rumored selling of futures contracts equal to several million bushels of wheat by commodity speculator Richard Dennis . 
Insurers buy this insurance protection for themselves by giving up a portion of the premiums they collect on a policy to another firm -- a reinsurance company , which , in turn , accepts a portion of any losses resulting from this policy . 
`` It 's a sensational piece about someone who is not here to defend himself . '' 
Her commute from Petaluma , Calif. , normally takes an hour and 15 minutes , via the Golden Gate Bridge , which connects San Francisco with the North Bay area . 
The Coke spokesman said a caffeine-free Classic should help increase volume of the original brand . 
`` Everything is up for grabs , '' says Theodore Groom , a lobbyist for mutual life-insurance companies . 
`` From a common-sense viewpoint , it was not socially acceptable , '' a Fujitsu spokeswoman said yesterday . 
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener . 
Despite the number of fans that office massage has won , some purists look down on it , arguing that naked , full-body rubs are the only way to go . 
Call it the uninformed trudging after the incomprehensible . 
`` We view it as a good long-term investment , '' the spokesman said . 
Following the feminist and population-control lead has been a generally bovine press . 
Compaq said it foresees no difficulties in obtaining parts in the immediate future . 
Associated Natural Gas Corp. -- 1,400,000 common shares , via Dillon Read & Co . 
As reported last month , Mr. Kass said he was interested in making an offer to buy H.H. Robertson for $ 13 a share . 
At most firms , though , it 's the immediate supervisor who decides the merit increases subordinates will be paid . 
According to the Middle East Economic Survey , the North African nation is holding talks with Italy for adding a fourth pipe to a section of the Trans-Mediterranean pipeline , expanding capacity by up to six billion cubic meters a year from 12.5 billion . 
Since McDonald 's menu prices rose this year , the actual decline may have been more . 
The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months . 
The most dramatic changes , however , probably will come in new-product development . 
Rick Lynch , a former top salesman in Wang 's Boston office , referring to Wang 's mainstay computer line , says : `` You ca n't sell a VS to a new customer . '' 
Computers that once were the state of the art , The marvels bought three years ago , Are now obsolete . 
Frank Lavelle , who at the time was the marketing director for Sperry in Clearwater , Fla. , admitted participating in a scheme to bribe Garland Tomlin , the Navy official . 
Because of Integrated 's widely reported troubles , the unit 's representatives had been requesting a name change . 
Jerell paid Ms. Garratt royalties for the line known as Multiples by Sandra Garratt , which are sold primarily through department stores . 
`` That 's what they 're after . '' 
( In Virginia , Marshall Coleman and his running mate , Eddy Dalton , are both on the defensive for opposing abortions even in cases of rape or incest . ) 
That 's usually how long it takes for the temblors to pass . 
`` The freeze on new lending is dealing the single biggest blow to trading , '' says Raymond Wong , China manager for Mannesmann AG , a West German machinery-trading company . 
V.H. Van Horn , National Convenience president and chief executive officer , said the move reflects the company 's realization that the industry 's poor performance stems from its failure to give customers what they want -- rather than from increasing competition from gasoline stations and 24-hour grocery stores . 
For eight hours a day for the past two weeks , in aggregates of as much as 27,000 pounds ( equaling $ 20,000 in pennies ) , Coin Wrap has been pouring money into a cement-mixing truck . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 170,330,000 shares . 
Another measure makes commodity brokerage firms liable for violations committed by independent floor brokers who execute trades for them . 
Equities tumbled at the opening as Tuesday 's gyrations on Wall Street , where the Dow Jones Industrial Average recovered most of an 80-point loss , fueled fears of another stock market crash , brokers said . 
`` I do n't mind the competition inside the country , '' she says . 
We were lucky . 
Mr. Stein said tighter operating controls have enabled Ekco to reduce inventory levels 25 % to 30 % ; improve on-time delivery of orders to about 95 % from around 70 % ; and to lower the number of labor hours required to produce a unit . 
When a David Baltimore -- or the next target -- decides it is better to stand up to these forces , his fellow scientists would do well to recognize what is fundamentally at stake , and offer their public support . 
Mr. Bebear added that the French insurer would keep Farmers ' headquarters in Los Angeles and `` will not send French people to run the company . '' 
Mr. Wall , however , is a self-proclaimed `` child of the Senate '' and former staff director of its Banking Committee . 
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40-year-old former governor of the state of Alagoas . 
January platinum was down $ 3.60 an ounce at $ 491.10 . 
If goods are shipped to Bloomingdale 's between Oct. 1 and Oct. 20 , manufacturers expect to be paid by Nov. 10 . 
The television element of `` La Familia '' includes a series of two-minute informational features to air seven days a week on the Spanish-language Univision network , a unit of Univision Holdings Inc. , which is 80%-owned by Hallmark Cards Inc . 
One in 1981 raised to $ 2,000 a year from $ 1,500 the amount a person could put , tax-deductible , into the tax-deferred accounts and widened coverage to people under employer retirement plans . 
In addition , the 1988 results included a $ 20 million charge reflecting a reserve for relocation related expenses at American Television & Communications Corp . 
`` Silver production is also in an inexorable upward trend , '' Ms. O'Connell says . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Pittston closed at $ 18.50 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil-producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles . 
But others think property owners ought to pay a higher portion of the state 's earthquake relief tab . 
RICHMOND RESIGNATIONS : 
He added : `` I expect to see the earnings momentum we experienced this quarter continue for the rest of the year . '' 
Competition could be maintained -- and stadiums probably would remain full -- if schedules were reduced and the games returned to the students , we said . 
`` Collectibles should continue to be recognized as capital assets , '' the letter states . 
Parametric Technology Corp. , initial offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which 1,365,226 shares will be sold by the company and 334,774 shares by holders , via Alex Brown & Sons , Hambrecht & Quist and Wessels , Arnold & Henderson . 
Decisions on increases in the IMF 's capital base traditionally are made by the administration , with subsequent authorization by Congress . 
A four-stock portfolio is still exposed to a great deal of unnecessary risk . 
In the fiscal first period ended Aug. 31 , profit fell 54 % to $ 30.4 million , or 58 cents a share , mostly because of the Tiger merger , Federal says . 
Mr. Hersly formerly was group vice president of marketing and product planning for Chyron and president of the telesystems and video products division . 
The `` anti-hooligan '' law , which would deprive troublemakers of cards , must be ratified by the House of Lords and is expected to become effective early next year . 
But when blacks are getting their loan applications rejected twice as often as whites -- and in some cities , it is three and four times as often -- I conclude that discrimination is part of the problem . '' 
AMR Corp. posted an 8.8 % drop in third-quarter net income and said the fourth quarter will be `` disappointing '' as well , primarily because of slimmer profit margins and increased fuel costs . 
The hall 's few computers are used mostly to send messages . 
`` What really matters is the operating income of the divisions : I look at these numbers and I say , these businesses are doing well , '' said Mark Manson , a vice president of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
But although Thurber did so gently and lightheartedly , many of Dr. Morgan 's supporters have taken Thurber 's memorable title `` The Male Animal '' quite literally . 
Keepers of the books , dubbed `` figure filberts , '' loathed the threat . 
But just as every previous NSC adviser has , Gen. Scowcroft now will have to mull at what point the NSC staff becomes too lean and too restrained . 
The 204-lawyer New York firm will bring in at least 12 partners and a not yet determined number of associates from Golenbock & Barell , which will dissolve Dec. 31 . 
Britain 's economy `` is developing rapidly toward no-growth , '' says J. Paul Horne , international economist with Smith Barney , Harris Upham Co. in Paris . 
`` My position is well-known and well-stated , '' he replied . 
Even if borrowing resumes , commercial bankers are n't expected to lend as much as before . 
Earlier this month the accounting firm of Ernst & Young and the securities firm of Goldman , Sachs & Co. , the experts hired by the creditors , contended that Eastern would have difficulty meeting earnings targets the airline was projecting . 
Lang owns 70 % of Matilda , while Citicorp owns the rest through its Citicorp Venture Capital Partners . 
The selling by money managers and individual investors is turning traders bearish as well . 
Banks may contribute more senior debt . 
By his moderate Republican heritage as well as the warnings of political advisers who say the issue is vital to younger voters , the president might seem to have at least some sympathy with abortion-rights arguments . 
Manufacturers Hanover said that excluding the addition to its reserves , certain tax benefits , and a one-time $ 16 million gain on the sale of an interest in a foreign leasing company , third-quarter earnings were $ 75 million . 
In the year-ago quarter , earnings were $ 42.9 million , or 93 cents a share . 
When I expressed amazement that no one was undertaking a more current and credible UV-B study , I was urged to get back to the agenda topic , which was , ironically , a schedule for getting rid of HCFCs , the so-called soft CFCs that are such an important part of the CFC substitution scenario . 
To find out what red tape riles entrepreneurs most , the Journal asked a completely unscientific , random sample of business owners to fantasize about the forms and regulations they would most like to get lost in the mail . 
Texaco , thinking in terms of $ 18-to-$19 oil for 1990 , may raise spending , especially for low-risk prospects , an official says . 
1:00 a.m . 
( A 16-bit microprocessor processes 16 pieces of data at a time and is slower than newer , 32-bit chips . ) 
With Japan running enormous trade surpluses against much of the world , they think that Japan should meet the increased domestic demand by importing more . 
The December contract opened just under Monday 's close , triggered some previously placed buy orders just above $ 1,030 a metric ton , pushing the price to $ 1,040 , and then encountered heavy selling by traders who buy and sell for their own accounts and by commercial interests . 
Mr. Breeden did n't reject the proposal . 
Mobil 's latest move could signal the beginning of further reductions by other oil companies in their domestic oil-producing operations . 
IBM can obviously bring its expertise to bear on problems related to computer manufacturing , but it could also help customers on software to deal with such things as changes in engineering documents . 
The notes are rated MIG-1 by Moody 's and SP1-plus by S&P . 
In the nine months , imports rose 20 % to 155.039 trillion lire , while exports grew 18 % to 140.106 trillion lire . 
It earned $ 76.4 million , or $ 1.82 a share , in the 1988 quarter . 
Within three weeks of the 1975 end to fixed rates there were all-out price wars among brokers fighting for institutional business , with rate slashes of 35 % to 60 % below pre-May 1 levels . 
A bid against Paribas could n't be ruled out . 
Turns out that next year , Charlie Brown , Snoopy and the gang turn 40 -- and Scripps Howard 's United Media unit , the syndicator and licensing agent for Charles Schulz 's comic strip , sees a bonanza in licensing the cartoon characters to a bevy of advertisers for ads , tie-ins and promotions . 
Unisys has said that all of the company officials who participated in improper activities have left the company . 
Aimed specifically at CD holders are so-called CD-type annuities , or certificates of annuity . 
At the same time it has been caught in an earnings squeeze . 
New York-based Hearst Corp. this fall plans to publish its first issue of 9 Months , a magazine for expectant mothers , and has already launched American Home . 
But violation could bring substantial tax penalties to both employer and employees . 
The original is a comedy about Alceste , a man who sees falseness and vanity in everyone except himself . 
Part of a Series } 
Paintings are just part of the picture . 
The President of the United States urged the Panamanian armed forces to move against Mr. Noriega . 
`` Traders five feet from each other were making bids and offers that were a full point apart , '' said one S&P 500 broker . 
But he noted that the initial effective date of the earlier proposal had been delayed by six months . 
`` You have n't seen the full effect of that yet . '' 
A White House spokesman said President Bush is `` generally supportive '' of the Packwood plan . 
That followed a 3.3 % decline in August . 
These provisions would be difficult to enforce for a program intended to provide a subsidy , but would be reasonable and effective devices for programs that attempt to offset market imperfections . 
These insurance company contracts feature some of the same tax benefits and restrictions as non-deductible individual retirement accounts : Investment gains are compounded without tax consequences until money is withdrawn , but a 10 % penalty tax is imposed on withdrawals made before age 59 1\/2 . 
I like rather tea , because it is at the end of the day . '' 
Chemical and six other banks , along with First Boston , are providing the rest of the $ 1.6 billion . 
True , when you went to college , there was n't that much to learn . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.42 % 30 days ; 8.30 % 60 days ; 8.28 % 90 days ; 8.15 % 120 days ; 8.05 % 150 days ; 7.95 % 180 days . 
Futures and options also make it possible to build `` synthetic '' index funds that do n't actually own a single share of stock , but can produce returns that match or exceed the broad stock market . 
`` Without the exclusivity , most venture capitalists wo n't have the incentive to invest in such deals , '' Mr. Bock says . 
And it did n't have the crowded wild intimacy of Yankee Stadium . 
The company said Mr. Franco developed a plan to establish a business that might be competitive with Capital Holding Corp. 's Accumulation and Investment Group , which Mr. Franco headed . 
Even modest amounts of additional output by those with the huge extra capacity and reserves , such as Saudi Arabia and Iraq , could upset the market . 
The ground ruptured along a 20-to-30-mile stretch of the San Andreas Fault on Tuesday , Mr. Johnson added . 
At Ameritech , based in Chicago , customer access lines increased by 402,000 , or 2.6 % , and cellular mobile lines increased by 80,000 , or 62.3 % , for the 12-month period ended Sept. 30 . 
Among major pass-through issues , Ginnie Mae 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 98 15\/32 , up 5\/32 , after touching an early high of 98 27\/32 ; 8 % securities were at 94 5\/32 , up 9\/32 ; 9 1\/2 % securities at 100 15\/32 , up 4\/32 ; and 10 % securities at 102 11\/32 , up 3\/32 . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Your Oct. 2 page-one article on people riding so-called `` railbikes '' on railroad tracks was a disservice to your readers . 
No employee or vendor would be involved . 
However , unpaid distributions on the acquisition preferred are cumulative and would total $ 23 million a year , hurting NRM 's financial flexibility and its ability to raise capital , NRM said . 
And , while the mutinous Fed member has n't gone public , some Fed governors , most notably Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , are known to have disagreed with the chairman 's decision to remain silent . 
Yet , he asserts , `` you look around ... and you say , ` Who are the leaders ? 
Floor traders said there was a huge crowd around the Big Board specialist 's post where UAL trades . 
Politically , this currently is wisdom -- particularly given a nervous neighboring France . 
Ivan Boesky , Dennis Levine , Martin Siegel , Victor and Steven Posner , and now Michael Milken and perhaps Leona Helmsley . 
Most see little reason to doubt that their cash will go toward these noble goals . 
If Washington 's elites ever succeed in bursting the tax dam , Americans will be engulfed in a red sea of new spending programs , such as federalized child care . 
For the nine months , Mattel net more than doubled to $ 58.9 million , or $ 1.19 a share , from $ 25.4 million , or 53 cents a share , a year ago . 
Decades earlier , Maria Callas sang the Dallas staging that introduced the flashback idea . 
`` We do not intend to hide these costs from the American people . '' 
In the interview , Mr. Reuter said he is thinking foremost of cooperation in the truck sector , but `` in the long run , I do n't want to rule out that we can also come a bit closer in personal cars . '' 
Mr. Greenspan 's decision to keep quiet also prompted a near-mutiny within the Fed 's ranks . 
Dow Jones & Co. announced Wall Street Journal advertising rates for 1990 . 
But many Californians may not have adequate insurance coverage to pay for damages to their property . 
Most of the 10 analysts polled last week by Dow Jones International News Service in Frankfurt , Tokyo , London and New York expect the U.S. dollar to ease only mildly in November . 
In Tokyo , stocks closed lower but above intraday lows in active trading . 
`` It was an extraordinary situation that needed extraordinary steps , '' said Paul Stevens , OCC president and chief operating officer . 
Bally officials decline to discuss the situation . 
He will also remain a director , US Facilities said , but wo n't serve on any board committees . 
Moreover , Mr. Shrontz added , production-rate increases that have been implemented on the 737 , 747 , 757 and 767 programs have resulted in `` serious work force skill-dilution problems . '' 
But in its ruling last April , the New York court said that all producers of the anti-miscarriage drug should share liability when the manufacturer of a specific dose ca n't be determined . 
He visited the Hugo devastation but not until after local leaders urged him to do so . 
Literally . 
The government , campaigning against fixed brokerage commissions , promptly sued the CBOE over its minimum-fee system . 
The company 's quarterly dividend had been 10 cents a share since April 30 , 1988 . 
One technique developed by some of these companies involves a chemical spray supposed to kill only a plant 's pollen . 
Although a substantial short position reflects heavy speculation that a stock 's price will decline , some investors consider an increase in short interest bullish because the borrowed shares eventually must be bought back . 
BizMart , another retailing stock , was off 3\/8 to 8 1\/4 on nearly 80,000 shares . 
Takashimaya Co. , Japan 's oldest department store , is another name that keeps popping up as a potential fit with Saks . 
`` The power of price as an appeal , which was very considerable in driving traffic in March and April , has diminished , '' says George Rosenbaum , president of Shapiro & Associates . 
Fujitsu said it hopes the Hiroshima contract will help it secure pacts with other municipalities . 
`` I want my dignity back , '' he says . 
Oji Paper , the nation 's largest in terms of sales , said its pretax profit rose 1.5 % to 23.11 billion yen ( US$ 163.3 million ) from 22.76 billion yen . 
A U.S. decision to refuse the IMF its capital increase , or limit it to 25 % , would bring a major change in international economic policy , and could not be taken lightly . 
Like his predecessor , David Ruder , he was faced with a crisis in the stock markets soon after coming into office . 
The index gained 527.39 Tuesday . 
British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . 
Using direct mail for a TV show is like fishing for whale with a breaded hook . 
In an unprecedented step , the measure anticipates another $ 30 million in receipts by having the Federal Bureau of Investigation charge for fingerprint services in civil cases -- a change that is almost certain to increase Pentagon costs in processing personnel and security clearances . 
Separately , a $ 400 million issue of Fannie Mae Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 15 classes by Bear , Stearns & Co . 
Unless Mr. Lawson 's resignation leads to a change in British interest-rate policy -- Mrs. Thatcher 's administration firmly supports high interest rates to keep inflation in check -- or posturing toward full inclusion in the European Monetary System 's exchange-rate mechanism , Mr. Lawson 's withdrawal will have little long-term impact on exchange rates , Mr. Chandross concluded . 
The team additionally earns between $ 2 million and $ 4 million for local radio and television broadcast rights . 
HUD has no paper work whatsoever on 30 of the projects , none of the others has been approved and not a single congressional hearing has been held on any of them . 
In the past 20 months alone , Paul E. Lego , president and chief operating officer , said the divestiture of $ 300 million of slow-growth , low-profit businesses has been more than offset by $ 600 million in profitable acquisitions . 
His daughter turns to dressmaking , then to peddling herself for a few piasters . 
The company has begun offering shots of gamma globulin , which will diminish the flu-like symptoms of hepatitis A , in anyone who has contracted the disease , Mr. Mattausch said . 
Yields on money funds dropped in the week ended Tuesday , according to Donoghue 's Money Fund Report , a Holliston , Mass. , newsletter . 
`` We cleared up questions and inconsistencies very quickly , because the people who had the skills and perspective required to resolve them were part of the task team , '' Mr. Anton explains . 
Aside from working with Mr. Robinson on the American Express advertising account for about 11 years , Mr. Roman serves on several of the same charities and boards as Mr. Robinson . 
Sales rose to $ 52.4 million from $ 50.1 million . 
The Arab League pledged an accord for a complete Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon , where about 70,000 people marched to the headquarters of Christian leader Aoun to support his rejection of a peace plan approved Sunday by Lebanon 's legislature . 
Citicorp also said that the average rate rose to 8.0087 % at its $ 50 million auction of 182-day commercial paper from 7.962 % at last week 's sale . 
The transaction is expected to close around year end . 
Mr. Sagan , a former publisher and real estate developer , has put together an $ 8 million financial package that includes approximately $ 4 million of tax exempt bonds issued by the State of Illinois ( the first time that a state has used its educational facilities authority to support construction of a theater ) , and approximately $ 1 million in grants from the National Endowment for the Arts , the MacArthur Foundation , and a few other deep pockets . 
He once described himself as a `` Berkeley Hippie , '' and played the role well ; obligatory ragged jeans , a thicket of long hair and rejection of all things conventional , including , for a time at least , formal marriage to his `` sweetheart , '' Martha Matthews . 
If elected , Mr. Dinkins will probably have no choice but to raise taxes on overburdened businesses or cut spending in already under-serviced neighborhoods . 
Michael Rosen , president of Shop Television , said Penney decided to extend its involvement with the service for at least five years . 
Under the initial proposal , for example , banks would have been required to disclose that portion of allowances for loan losses that reflects specific letters of credit for which customers had defaulted . 
The pollution is also killing forests and destroying buildings that date back to the Middle Ages . 
The OTC stocks in the S&P 500 include Nasdaq 's biggest , such as Apple Computer , MCI Communications , Tele-Communications and Liz Claiborne . 
A sinking economy depresses corporate earnings and thus stock prices , but it buoys bond prices as interest rates fall . 
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % . 
In autumn last year , for example , the regime garrison at Kandahar was prepared to surrender the city to resistance moderates . 
A group including New York investors Douglas A. Kass and Anthony Pedone holds the equivalent of a 12.6 % stake in H.H. Robertson Co. 's common shares outstanding , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
The Montvale , N.J. , unit said the new operating structure `` creates a more focused and responsive organization geared to effectively managing the size and scope of the unit 's current business . '' 
Estimated volume was three million ounces . 
B.A.T said it may make more equity purchases until the close of business today , depending on market conditions , but will cease further purchases until Nov. 22 , when it releases third-quarter results . 
So far this year , the index of leading indicators has risen in four months , fallen in four months and remained unchanged in the other month . 
But the agency viewed the creation of the new plans as an abuse of federal pension law and an attempt to transfer the liability of the $ 2.3 billion shortfall from LTV to federal insurance . 
Mr. Falls kept the form , but Americanized it with Mr. Bartlett 's further help . 
Richard J. Riordan was elected a director of this single-family home builder , increasing the board to nine . 
The latest drop followed a decision by British Airways , which had supported the $ 300-a-share buy-out offer for UAL from a labor-management group , not to participate in any revised bid . 
They were protecting his interests . '' 
After fees and repayment of debt , Avery is left with about $ 24 million in cash and securities from the Uniroyal sale . 
The vaccine , however , causes allergic reactions that can be fatal . 
New England Electric values its offer at $ 2 billion and PS of New Hampshire values its reorganization plan at $ 2.2 billion . 
The agents will make more than routine inquiries about such items as marital status and dependents ; they want to look at living standards and business assets . 
Payment will begin `` as soon as Oct. 25 , '' the company said . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , AMI common closed at $ 23.625 , up 12.5 cents , on volume of almost 1.8 million . 
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million . 
The plan places an indicated value on the real estate operation , Santa Fe Pacific Realty Corp. , of $ 2 billion . 
But Mr. Corr 's tenure was shorter than most . 
Each $ 1 cumulative share can be converted into 4.92 common shares ; the ratio on the $ 3 cumulative is eight common shares for each $ 3 cumulative preferred . 
Tenneco Credit Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9 1\/4 % senior notes due Nov. 1 , 1996 , priced at 99.625 to yield 9.324 % . 
IBM , which said Motorola is paying just a nominal fee to cover the 21-month agreement , acknowledged some companies had turned down its invitation to join in . 
At last night 's sale , 13 of 44 works that sold were purchased by Aska International Gallery , the art-acquisition unit of Aichi Financial , a Japanese conglomerate that owns 7.5 % of Christie 's . 
Few analysts think it is worth their time to slog through the Polaroid trial testimony . 
He farms 12 acres in Grabowiec , two miles from the Soviet border in one of Poland 's poorest places . 
Provigo plans to sell all non-food operations to refocus on its retail and wholesale grocery business . 
Park Tower General Counsel Matthew Mayer said the development team will have to review two additional lawsuits before putting up a $ 155 million letter of credit to cover condemnation costs . 
The Soviet purchases are close to exceeding what some analysts had expected the Soviet Union to buy this fall , the season in which it usually buys much of the corn it imports from the U.S. . 
The computer maker said net jumped to $ 87 million , or $ 2.02 a share , from $ 58 million , or $ 1.40 a share , a year earlier . 
You might be interested to know that baseball , not survival , appeared to be the first thought of most of the crowd of 60,000-odd that had gathered at Candlestick at 5:04 p.m. Tuesday , a half-hour before game time , when the quake struck . 
Credit Lyonnais Australia Ltd . ( French parent ) -- 50 million Australian dollars of 16 1\/4 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1992 , priced at 102 to yield 16.03 % less full fees , via Hambros Bank Ltd . 
`` People my age thought it was n't going to be an issue . 
Mr. Jackson , who won the nickname `` Mr. October '' for his World Series exploits , is selling some of his canceled checks to autograph collectors through a dealer for as much as $ 500 each . 
A World Series telecast typically carries 56 30-second commercials , but by the fourth game ABC was cramming in 60 to 62 ads to generate extra revenue . 
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas-tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas-tax-increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June . 
The date was misstated in Friday 's edition . 
Made of sand , it receives around-the-clock maintainence against the battering waves . 
So it should come as no shock that the profession , if that 's what it is , has attracted a lot of people whose principal talents seem to be frittering away or flat-out stealing their clients ' money . 
Revenue soared to $ 101.7 million from $ 39.5 million . 
That year a four-man group headed by William Lieber in the Legislation and Regulations division of the Office of the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service , was assigned the task of designing a plan . 
Refcorp was created to help fund the thrift bailout . 
On a video screen , riders can see 30 different `` rides , '' including urban , mountain and desert scenes , and check how many calories are burned a minute . 
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments . 
In a speech prepared for delivery to London 's financial community , Mr. Lawson summed up current economic policy as a battle to wring inflation out of the British economy , using high interest rates as `` the essential instrument '' to carry out the campaign . 
Showing Up in Court Without Being There 
The Federal Reserve Board said output of the nation 's factories , mines and utilities expanded at an annual rate of 1.3 % in the third quarter , substantially slower than the 3.3 % annual rate in the second quarter . 
Congress seems likely to let the new chairman have his way for a while . 
The company has already missed its initial Oct. 1 target date for completing the merger . 
And the respondents ' commitment to the stock market remains somewhat lighter than usual . 
Another is expected from a consortium of oil and gas producers who won conditional approval this month from Canada 's National Energy Board to export about 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta gas to the U.S. starting in 1996 . 
`` Everybody appreciates that it is a national disaster and that we 've got to address it , '' said Mr. Darman , who came to the Capitol to meet with Mr. Whitten and California lawmakers before the committee session . 
To hamper the work of litigation scientists , he suggests that courts sharply limit the number of jurors that lawyers can remove from the jury panel through so-called peremptory challenges -- exclusions that do n't require explanations . 
In a related move , Pierre Lortie , chairman and chief executive , resigned . 
Although Daimler has said it is n't interested in mounting a bid for Jaguar , dealers said its name further underlined the growing interest in the British concern . 
NBC has on previous occasions considered replacing cartoons with a Saturday version of `` Today , '' which is produced by NBC News . 
U.S. District Judge Jack B. Weinstein of Brooklyn , N.Y. , ruled that a man implicated in an attack on an Israeli passenger bus in 1986 can be extradited to Israel for trial . 
In addition , the manufacturer said it signed a consent decree with Ohio to build a $ 1.4 million pollution-control facility at the Ashtabula chemical manufacturing plant by Aug. 1 , 1990 . 
He added that the president already has the power to close the markets in an emergency . 
And Mr. Gilmore cautions that there may be limits on how much the contract can grow because the Hong Kong dollar is n't a widely traded currency . 
`` There 's a distinct possibility that I may lose my job over this , '' the employee , Karen Allen , of Floor Covering Resources , Kensington , Md. , recently told a congressional hearing . 
`` The pilots are either for us or extremely against us , '' he says with a sigh . 
The House Public Works and Transportation Committee approved a bill that would give the Transportation Department power to block airline leveraged buy-outs , despite a clear veto threat from the Bush administration . 
( Since Litigation Sciences generally represents the defense , its job is usually to help the lawyers identify and remove such people from the jury . ) 
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey -- $ 55.8 million of Series C bonds priced by a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group . 
Nor , by the way , advertisers . '' 
The previous BellSouth pact was valued at about $ 98 to $ 110 a share . 
The new instrument also introduced many to the industry -- 30 % of fund owners ( there are more than 54 million accounts ) started with a money fund . 
But the partners did n't believe the market for the systems was developing as rapidly as they had hoped . 
The strike ended Oct . 
The Denver-based concern , which emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings late last year , is controlled by the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust . 
The government spent most of last year attempting to carry out such a plan but was thwarted when the parent Waertsilae concern pulled out at the last minute . 
Bass ended up 3 higher at 966 , Guinness closed at 589 , down 7 , and Scottish & Newcastle dropped 11 to 359 , but Whitbread Class A shares rose 17 to 363 . 
At that time , Sam Merksamer , president of the chain , angrily denied that his company was about to file . 
It 's the same phenomenon used in the new MRI ( magnetic resonance imaging ) scanners being used in hospitals in place of X-ray scans . 
The animal-rights movement has n't helped sales . 
Mr. Lawson also made it clear that he would be watching exchange rates carefully . 
In the U.S. over-the-counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 . 
Mr. Koch already has announced he will drop 3,200 jobs from the city payroll , but that wo n't be enough . 
He correctly says he has been down on Noriega for some time , hence his criticism of administration mishandling of the attempted coup . 
In the new show , he said , `` we 're going to spend $ 60,000 building a start-up house '' for a young couple . 
Profits of franchisees have n't been higher since the mid-1970s , he adds . 
Occupational-Urgent Care Health fell 1 3\/4 to 15 1\/2 on 354,000 shares . 
Like the others , it is loaded with rye , wheat and oats in sacks labeled `` Asbestos . Made in U.S.S.R . '' 
A new fund , its operating expenses are being temporarily subsidized by the sponsor . 
Some gripes about red tape are predictable : Architects complain about a host of building regulations , auto leasing companies about car insurance rules . 
Hong Kong officials announced last week that the base will be relocated to a small island to allow downtown redevelopment . 
In the name of civic pride and from the desire to nullify a negative image , some city promoters seek to link their municipality with the most recognizable names the city has to offer . 
While he has bought and sold some USAir shares in recent days , he says that contrary to rumors , he has n't tried to unload his holding . 
Patrician , dynamic Scott Thatcher , founder and head of PegaSys , initially finds the takeover threat risible . 
The switch to London underscores the fact that despite the economic restructuring associated with European Community efforts to develop a single market by 1992 , European stock trading remains a highly fragmented and very localized activity . 
The company said that it is selling two million shares and that the rest are being sold by certain stockholders . 
Morgan Guaranty Trust , Toronto-Dominion Bank and Provident National Bank , an affiliate of PNC Financial Corp. , jointly committed $ 1.2 billion of financing , subject to certain conditions , McCaw said . 
Then , last Friday , Ford 's talks about a possible alliance with Saab-Scania AB of Sweden collapsed . 
Pittston Co. 's third-quarter net income plunged 79 % , reflecting the impact of a prolonged and bitter labor strike at its coal operations . 
He added that he expects to talk to the Democrats who also wanted to cut the gains tax about drafting a joint proposal . 
Higher oil prices were n't enough to offset a roughly $ 20 million charge related to a 10 % reduction in Amoco 's Canadian work force as well as increased exploration expenses . 
Whipsawed financially and emotionally by Friday 's heartstopping 190-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and yesterday 's 88-point rebound , they 're wondering if an individual has any business being in the market . 
There was no immediate estimate of damage from the company . 
The agency , under his direction , bitterly fought a takeover attempt by WPP Group PLC of London before succumbing in May . 
Pockets exploded with one-yen coins . 
As if this were n't enough , the Senate Judiciary Committee is getting into the act . 
Nevertheless , the Bush administration agreed to the dubious arrangement in July , a few weeks before the Central American presidents met in Tela , Honduras , to discuss a timetable for disbanding the anti-Sandinista rebels . 
But Mr. Miller , Wang 's new president , recently warned his salespeople about negativism . 
-- Least-cost solutions . 
The beneficiaries were those financiers whose icon was the topic figure of '80s capitalism , Michael Milken 's $ 517 million salary in one year . 
We hear that HUD Secretary Jack Kemp is toying with going along with some of the Cranston-Mitchell proposals . 
Braumeisters Ltd. tests a beer brewed with oat bran , rather than rice or corn . 
We are n't selling bonds right now , and I do n't think it will affect the value of our existing bonds . '' 
They are tentatively priced to yield from 6.45 % in 1995 to 7.10 % in 2009 . 
This forecast was based on the apparent reversal of most of the negative forces -- such as demographic changes , the oil shock and accelerating inflation -- that had reduced productivity gains in the 1970s . 
Since the hurricane , Midway Airlines Inc. and American Airlines , a unit of AMR Corp. , trimmed their one-way fares to the Virgin Islands to $ 109 from prices that were at times double that before the storm . 
The new holding company , Webster\/Eagle Bancorp Inc. , will have about $ 1.2 billion of assets and 19 banking offices in Connecticut . 
Mr. Dillow said the data show the economy `` is still quite strong , '' but suggestions that much of the spending went on services rather than consumer goods should reduce fears of more import rises . 
About 200,000 East Germans marched in Leipzig and thousands more staged protests in three other cities in a fresh challenge to the Communist leadership to introduce democratic freedoms . 
The company said it was leasing the site of the refinery from Aruba . 
The money spent on repairs will be counted as a plus . 
Glossy brochures circulated at racetracks gush about the limelight of the winner 's circle and high-society schmoozing . 
Market watchers also noted an absence of institutional interest later in the session helped pave the way for broader declines when Wall Street opened weaker . 
`` I think the consumer has pretty well played himself out , '' said David Littman , senior economist at Manufacturers National Bank of Detroit . 
Nissan 's pace of new-model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch-rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars . 
Three of the largest offerings , by Exxon Capital Corp. , Xerox Corp. and Citicorp , were underwritten by groups led by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
A major goal is to cut the working week to 35 hours from the present 37 . 
Legitimate ranchers , who have an interest in preserving the herds , would go out of business . 
The judge also said the two marital testimonial privileges cited by Mrs. Marcos do n't apply . 
IBM said it expects industrywide efforts to become prevalent because semiconductor manufacturing has become so expensive . 
If I were to ask a sample of American parents , `` Do you wish the elementary schools to encourage creativity in your children ? '' the near-unanimous answer would be , `` Yes , of course . '' 
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again . 
Mr. Wanniski is president of Polyconomics Inc. , of Morristown , N.J . 
These types of bonds have been used in buy-outs of companies such as RJR Nabisco Inc. , Storer Communications Inc. and Kroger Co . 
Trading on little specific information , market players overnight in Tokyo began bidding up oil prices . 
Big Board traders praised the Jacobson specialists for getting through yesterday without a trading halt . 
He predicted that the most popular growth companies will be those with `` some kind of unique product or franchise '' that makes them appear able to sustain their momentum . 
Mr. Donohoo is scheduled to be sentenced Dec. 11 . 
`` That 's put some oomph back into this market , '' said Peter VandenBerg , a vice president of equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
Traders and analysts said they did n't see any effect on Tokyo stocks from the California earthquake . 
THE CHECKOFF : At least somebody gains on layoffs . 
Earlier this year , the U.S. attorney indicted 45 floor traders and one clerk at the two big Chicago exchanges . 
Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate , shall , before it becomes a Law , be presented to the President of the United States ; If he approve he shall sign it , but if not he shall return it , with his Objections to that House in which it shall have originated , who shall enter the Objections at large on their Journal , and proceed to reconsider it . 
St. Paul Cos. jumped 2 to 59 3\/4 on 517,500 shares . 
Were not the pictures and happenings , which have been continuing news headlines , answers enough ? 
WHEN AN IRA OWNER dies , the trustee of the individual retirement account must file forms 5498 reporting market values relating to the decedent and each beneficiary , with copies to the executor and beneficiaries . 
It would be inappropriate for the government or the central bank to buy or sell IBM or General Motors shares . 
Marvin Davis , whose $ 5.4 billion takeover bid originally put the nation 's second-largest airline in play , is limited by a standstill agreement with UAL he signed in September . 
Sure , price action is volatile and that 's scary , but all-in-all stocks are still a good place to be , they suggest . 
That 's my challenge . 
A spokesman for the buy-out group was n't immediately available for comment . 
`` Even if they could bring in that many new skiers , I do n't know if { the industry } could handle that kind of an increase , '' says I. William Berry , editor and publisher of the Ski Industry Letter in Katonah , N.Y . 
The funds are in addition to $ 1.1 billion appropriated last month to assist in the recovery from Hugo , bringing the total for the two disasters to nearly $ 4 billion in unanticipated spending . 
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital-gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles . 
If the risks and rewards are reasonable , developers will respond . 
NEW BEER : 
'' Or the one in which she and Josh are stranded in the city , and , after insisting on separate motel rooms , she knocks on his door to pour out her feelings about the rape -- wearing nothing but a mini-slip and a push-up bra . 
But U.S. officials have strong doubts that he is a reformer . 
The bank also said its effort would continue past the Nov. 1 deadline set in that agreement and that the litigation between the two sides might resume as a result . 
AEP INDUSTRIES Inc. directors authorized a 3-for-2 split of the common , payable Dec. 7 to stock of record Nov. 22 . 
At the time , Mr. Gatward said his friendship with Mr. Price had smoothed the way for its link with the small British company . 
Zaita the `` cripple-maker '' rearranges the limbs of aspiring beggars -- and takes a cut of every cent they cadge . 
In pursuit of this mystery , Keynesian adepts and twin-deficit mavens need not apply . 
The 282 members had paid $ 10,000 apiece for seats . 
And he has worked to shed his raider image . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.68 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
And in some months , he buys stock-index futures and not stocks at all . 
David T. Kearns , Xerox chairman and chief executive officer , cited the restructuring and `` strong '' cost controls for the 13 % growth in profit from business products and systems operations . 
Though a re-enactment may have the flavor , Hollywood on the Hudson it is n't . 
Because of the isolation of the retinoblastoma tumor-suppressor gene , it became possible last January to find out what threat the Quinlan baby faced . 
Salomon posted an unexpectedly big gain in quarterly earnings , aided by its securities trading and investment banking activities . 
The implications for Britain , France and the rest of Europe of having their currencies tied to the economic policy of a neutral country need considering before we judge Mr. Lawson 's resignation to be unfortunate . 
There are times when she must show a little emotion . 
An analyst 's opinion to that effect even sent Capital Cities\/ABC shares soaring two weeks ago . 
But prices later reversed course , finishing slightly lower , as investors concluded that any cuts would n't be large and that foreign oil producers would quickly pick up the slack . 
The damage reported focused on a select few who owned irreplaceable historic homes on the Battery . 
The newest uses of the 900-interactive technology demonstrate the growing variety of applications . 
The surge in competition is expected to stir new life into the huge mainframe market , where growth has slowed to single digits in recent years . 
Revco reacted cautiously , saying the plan would add $ 260 million of new debt to the highly leveraged company . 
A reading below 50 % indicates that the manufacturing industry is slowing while a reading above 50 % suggests that the industry is expanding . 
The Senate will probably vote not long afterward . 
Did the stock-market tremors of Friday , Oct. 13 , presage larger fragility , far greater upheavals ? 
Harken also said that its financing from Bankers Trust Co. has been extended until Dec. 15 to give Tesoro 's board time to consider the offer at a Tesoro board meeting scheduled for mid-November . 
H.F. Ahmanson , parent of Home Savings of America , reported third-quarter net of $ 49.2 million , or 50 cents a share , down from $ 56.1 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Doman Industries Ltd. said it increased its stake in Western Forest Products Ltd. to 56 % from 22 % , through a two-step transaction valued at 137 million Canadian dollars ( $ US116.7 million ) . 
The deposits that have been transferred to other subsidiaries are now under the jurisdiction of the bankruptcy court . 
Moreover , Mr. Douglas sees a revival of institutional interest in smaller growth stocks that could boost the performance of these stocks in the medium term . 
The first time he was shot in the hand as he chased the robbers outside . 
The primitive operations also burst out the back door into a small courtyard , where an ancient press squeezes rubber solution into a flat strip and newly made tires are cooled in a bathtub filled with water . 
But losers were spread in a broad range by the end of the session . 
Analysts , however , were surprised because the tender offer appeared unsolicited . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3398.65 , up 
The company also said it continues to explore all options concerning the possible sale of National Aluminum 's 54.5 % stake in an aluminum smelter in Hawesville , Ky . 
Today , Aer Rianta is making a heap of money from its Soviet friendship . 
But Lloyd 's is hampered in its efforts to overhaul operations by its reluctance to embrace modern technology . 
They said the price would be around $ 10 million . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was at $ 366.55 an ounce . 
`` I just ca n't believe that the innovations in the financial market are causing any of this volatility , '' he says . 
I ask this not necessarily as a native Ohioan . ) 
In a separate speech prepared for delivery at the dinner , Robin Leigh-Pemberton , Bank of England governor , conceded that `` demand pressures were even more buoyant than had been appreciated '' when the British economy was heating up last year . 
Ogilvy eliminated the mail room staff , closed the executive dining room and , after the takeover , let go half a dozen financial executives . 
The curbs prevent a buyer from purchasing more than 15 % of Jaguar shares without permission . 
Then , after extending its offer four times waiting for a congressional tax ruling , IMA early this month lowered its offer to $ 26.50 a share amid turbulence in the junk bond market . 
In Paris , Air France declined to comment . 
`` I 'm sympathetic with workers who feel under the gun , '' says Richard Barton of the Direct Marketing Association of America , which is lobbying strenuously against the Edwards beeper bill . 
International Minerals & Chemical Corp. said it agreed definitively to sell its international fragrance business to Bayer AG of West Germany . 
Wall Street is just about ready to line the bird cage with paper stocks . 
The high court majority said it was up to the state courts for now to decide whether the definition has any bearing on other state laws . 
Sales were C$ 348.2 million compared with C$ 307.2 a year earlier . 
President Bush has been hearing this kind of opposition first hand during meetings over the past two days with Democratic senators at the White House . 
But the company said Friday that it had losses of $ 673.3 million through the first nine months , compared with earnings a year earlier of $ 382.2 million , or $ 2.22 a share fully diluted , as revenue inched up 1.4 % to $ 7.13 billion from $ 7.03 billion . 
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. . 
When a caller reaches Telelawyer by dialing 900-TELELAW , a receptionist refers the call to one of six attorneys . 
Up to now , 900 numbers have mainly been used on local TV stations and cable channels . 
Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis . 
If the IRS admits its error and the charges have been paid , it will reimburse a taxpayer who has n't refused to give timely answers to IRS inquiries or has n't contributed to continuing or compounding the error . 
This expected blow has cast a pall over the economy 's prospects . 
The company said it had been notified unofficially that Waertsilae Marine Industries , a Finnish shipyard building three cruise ships for the company , is having financial trouble and may already have filed for bankruptcy . 
Deciding what constitutes `` terrorism '' can be a legalistic exercise . 
`` We 're trying to take the imagination and talent of our engineers and come up with new processes for industry , '' says Vincent Salvatori , QuesTech 's chief executive . 
The football and basketball players spent more time on their sports in season than they did on class attendance and homework combined ( 30 hours a week versus 25.3 ) . 
The Oil Pollution Act , scheduled to come up for a vote in Congress this fall , would provide that if claimants are n't paid within 90 days of a spill , the liability fund would compensate them and seek reimbursement from the owner or operator of the vessel , says a spokesman for Rep. George Miller ( D. , Calif. ) , a sponsor of the bill . 
`` A very striking illusion , '' Mr. Hyman says now , his voice dripping with skepticism , `` but an illusion nevertheless . '' 
In addition , as of Sept. 30 , the company still had authorization to buy $ 368 million of stock under a prior repurchase program . 
Included in the results was an adjustment to the Dallas-based company 's tax rate that reduced net income by about 10 cents a share , or approximately $ 2 million . 
A portion of the report containing names of the middlemen is withheld by officials citing bank secrecy requirements . 
That sort of approach , however , has n't worked since the addition of Tiger . 
Integrated made its announcement after the market closed . 
`` You 've got to judge where the network will be in three years . '' 
The statistics exclude pulp consumed at the producing mill or shipped to another mill that is affiliated with the producing mill . 
Ultimately , whether the insurance provided by purchasing puts is worthwhile depends on the cost of the options . 
Revenue rose 6 % to $ 2.79 billion from $ 2.63 billion . 
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long-term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer . 
And the merchandise was , well , fake . 
The contract provides additional equipment for Northrop , the prime contractor on the missile , and also supports a 1990 purchase of 90 missiles for follow-on flight tests . 
The new two-year notes were priced with an average yield of 7.74 % . 
In 1983 `` extended wear '' versions , designed to be worn for 30 days at a time , wree offered . 
Up in his stadium box , their new and controversial owner , Jerral `` Jerry '' Jones , watches anxiously as the team bounds up to the scrimmage line . 
The restaurant operator had 32.2 million shares outstanding as of Sept. 29 . 
Yesterday a spokeswoman said the company was `` pleased with our progress '' in that regard and `` hopes to provide additional details soon . '' 
Under the proposal , Delmed would issue about 123.5 million additional Delmed common shares to Fresenius at an average price of about 65 cents a share , though under no circumstances more than 75 cents a share . 
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs . 
But despite mounting recession fears , government data do n't yet show the economy grinding to a halt . 
`` If you do n't know what you are , bigger wo n't make you better , '' he says . 
The announcement , made after the close of trading , caught analysts by surprise . 
There is hope of change . 
Wafaa El-Sadr , who heads the AIDS program at New York City 's Harlem Hospital Center , ca n't find help . 
They promised yet more for really good stuff . 
The charges consist of : a $ 25 million after-tax charge to cover cost overruns in Ashland 's Riley Consolidated subsidiary ; a previously announced $ 38 million after-tax charge resulting from a $ 325 million settlement with National Iranian Oil Co. and a $ 15 million after-tax charge from the previously announced sale of its Ashland Technology Corp. subsidiary . 
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin . 
Aerojet General Corp. , a unit of GenCorp Inc. , was awarded a $ 40.1 million Air Force contract for Minuteman missile rocket motors . 
Leonard Lauder , president and chief executive officer of Estee Lauder , said consumer magazines are suffering from what he called `` niche-itis , '' the increasing number of magazines that target the idosyncratic interests of readers . 
It has not , however , made a formal proposal . 
The champion apparently was not worried at all about D.T. 's strong points . 
Japan 's Finance Ministry strongly denied playing any role in the New York stock-price free fall . 
`` He started building the files that helped him gain power . '' 
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . ) 
The U.S. had been under pressure from several Cocom members , especially France , West Germany and Italy , to ease restrictions on some types of machine tools , which those countries argued were now widely available to East Bloc countries from non-Cocom members . 
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings . 
You 're right there in the mainstream of American business , building value on the back of insupportable expenditures . 
Here is a bible for UFO watchers , complete with pictures of people who say they 've had personal relationships with aliens . 
What was my angle ? 
Jack Kuehler , IBM 's president , said IBM is also considering letting other companies participate in additional semiconductor work but declined to be more specific . 
Fannie Mae makes a secondary market in home loans . 
I do n't want companies to be built around me as a person . 
If he were brilliant , he probably would not be a family doctor in the first place . 
As the Chinese have shown and the Soviets are learning , family farms thrive where collectives fail . 
The Tokyo rally seemed to confirm the view , frequently expressed in Japan in the past few days , that the drop in New York was a local problem related to merger and acquisition activity in the U.S. . 
Although conferees are still putting the finishing touches on the package , the final agreement could be announced as early as tomorrow . 
In July , 11 NFL owners , almost all of them new , blocked an effort to install Jim Finks as a replacement for retiring league commissioner Pete Rozelle . 
That has n't deterred plenty of companies . 
`` When they talk mega-issues , they 're truly talking mega , '' says S.A. Dave , chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India . 
Mr. Revson , the gossip columnist , says there are people who actually plan whose names they are going to drop before attending a party . 
In practice , however , the line between interpretation and redefinition of the criminal law long ago began to blur . 
The group also is engaged in talks with third parties regarding obtaining financing to buy more shares , but no agreements have yet been reached , the filing said . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Bankers Trust fell 12.5 cents to $ 50.50 . 
Asked why so few nations seem to share his views of America , he said , `` Many people see it that way . 
Mr. Breeden , in his first testimony to Congress since taking the SEC post , said the agency is studying the Friday the 13th market plunge , including how current circuit breakers affected the market that day and the following Monday . 
The pound immediately began to take a buffetting after the resignations were announced . 
Industrial neighborhoods fare even worse , with burglary rates twice the citywide average . 
`` I can just tell the questions are right back where they were : ` What 's going on ? , ' ` Ca n't anything be done about program trading ? , ' ` Does n't the exchange understand ? , ' ` Where is the SEC on this ? ' '' 
Imperial said it had n't been served with this suit either . 
9:31 a.m. 
This case realizes that concern . '' 
Norton had operating profit of $ 76.8 million , or $ 3.66 a share , up 11 % from $ 69.5 million , or $ 3.31 a share . 
`` I sprinkle a little around and tell the demons to leave . 
Stewart & Stevenson makes equipment powered with diesel and gas turbines . 
But yesterday 's announcement indicates that Ford has n't lost interest . 
General Dynamics was sued by the families of five Navy divers who were killed in 1982 after they re-entered a submarine through a diving chamber . 
A surprisingly small amount of reserves was added to the banking system . 
Jack Kemp wants to abolish it . 
Some buildings collapsed , gas and water lines ruptured and fires raged . 
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony . 
Burger King , which breaks thousands of fresh eggs each morning , is quietly switching over to an alternative egg product made by Michael Foods . 
Honeywell previously said it intended to reduce its holding in the Japanese concern as part of a restructuring plan which also calls for a reduction of dependence on weapons sales . 
The IRS also said that it would create the position of chief financial officer , who will be hired from within the agency . 
`` Where does that first stimulus go ? '' exclaims SUNY neurologist Paul Maccabee . 
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , `` there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer . 
However , Mr. Krenz also has a reputation for being politically savvy . 
Reward El Espectador 's courage with real support . 
The bonds are subject to federal taxation in the U.S. , including income taxes . 
This same tendency toward openness impressed a group of visiting U.S. congressmen this spring . 
This year , a commission appointed by the mayor to revise New York 's system of government completed a new charter , expanding the City Council to 51 from 35 members . 
Australia 's inflation is expected to rise as high as 8.3 % in the quarter ending March 30 , but could fall to around 7 % by June , according to economists . 
Intelogic Trace Inc. said it is exploring alternatives to maximize shareholder value , including the possible sale of the company . 
Investment-grade corporate bonds ended 1\/4 point lower . 
But it said that its consumer banks in Oregon , California , Nevada and Washington performed well during the quarter and that nonperforming assets at these banks declined by 14 % over the year-ago period . 
Last summer , Sears appeared to have a deal with Canadian developer Olympia & York Developments Ltd . 
The subject of the movie `` Lean on Me , '' Mr. Clark controlled his school with a bullhorn and a baseball bat . 
Total net income fell to 471.6 million rand ( $ 178.0 million ) from 515.4 million rand in the June quarter . 
A reading of less than 50 % indicates an economy that is generally contracting while a reading above 50 % indicates an economy that 's expanding . 
Overall , the government contends that GE 's disclosure efforts largely were intended to `` curry favor '' with Pentagon officials without detailing the extent of the management lapses and allegedly pervasive billing irregularities uncovered by company investigations . 
Japanese banks are under `` political pressure '' as well , the analyst said . 
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 . 
In composite trading on the Big Board , Bell Atlantic closed at $ 100.625 , up $ 1.50 a share . 
In fact , he did ; the quotes above are from Mr. Baker 's speech of two weeks ago . 
Try combining a money fund and an intermediate-term bond fund as a low-risk bet on falling rates , suggests Back Bay Advisors Inc. , a mutual fund unit of New England Insurance Co . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 6.76 points in a spate of bargain-hunting following last week 's declines . 
I wonder when we 'll be able to relax . 
Mr. Carter is a political commentator who heads a television production firm . 
Mr. Courter is further hobbled by a record of votes opposed to government regulation on behalf of consumers . 
Lionel Corp. 's board unanimously rejected a tender offer of $ 8 a share , or $ 95.4 million , for as much as 90 % of Lionel by a group with a 9.9 % stake in the toy retailer . 
Regrettably , two administrations in a row have been unwilling and unable to develop any plan , military or economic , for supporting the Panamanian people in their attempts to restore democracy . 
That total would be important for Drexel . 
But a chance to fill out sales-tax records is rarely one of them . 
Trading was relatively thin at an estimated 650 million shares , though brisker than Monday 's 526 million . 
If someone asks , just lie and tell them it will be done , '' Mr. de la Bouillaire says Mr. Baird told them . 
Mr. McNair , 62 years old , will be succeeded by L.M. `` Bud '' Baker Jr. , 47 , the parent 's chief credit officer and head of its administration division . 
That , in turn , is expected to persuade banks to cut their prime lending rate , a benchmark rate on many corporate and consumer loans , by half a percentage point , to 10 % . 
West Germans get glitz , with bourbon in the foreground and a posh Beverly Hills hotel in the background . 
Over the last few weeks , he has frittered away roughly half of what was once a 33-point lead in the polls over Mr. Giuliani . 
But they think promotions are limited . 
When ad dollars are tight , the high page cost is a major deterrent for advertisers , who generally want to appear regularly in a publication or not at all . 
The hottest displays were items that insulate passengers from bumps , potholes and other rigors of the road . 
Robert Crandall , with the Brookings Institute , agrees . 
In the year-ago period , Goodyear had net of $ 63.5 million , or $ 1.11 a share . 
Adm. Goupil said the navy ca n't wait until 1998 , when the naval Rafale becomes available , to replace its obsolete fleet of American-made Crusaders , used since the 1950s to protect carriers from attack . 
Justice has finally recognized its employees ' abuses , thanks largely to the demands for reform by former U.S. attorney in Washington Joseph diGenova , who wants to salvage RICO for real criminals . 
Officials for the other named companies did n't return telephone calls seeking comment . 
Among the biggest winners were brokerage-house stocks , responding to heavy trading volume . 
Ironically , the person who wants to run his or her own business is probably the active , results-oriented sort most likely to hate meeting the rules and record-keeping demands of federal , state and local regulators . 
`` This was a Kidder Peabody stand-alone decision . '' 
As we will see , many of these obligations do n't show up as part of the federal deficit . 
Still , Unisys said its European business was weak during the quarter , a worrisome sign given that the company has relied on solid results overseas to overcome weakness in the U.S. over the past several quarters . 
Richard Breeden had n't noticed that his new desk had just four telephone lines and one phone . 
A formal House-Senate conference is expected to ratify the accord later this week . 
That allowed him to get stronger and stronger , '' he says . 
The coalition would include the current Vietnamese-backed Hun Sen regime , the two non-communist resistance groups led by Son Sann and Prince Sihanouk , and the Khmer Rouge . 
The sporty coupe foundered in part because American buyers did n't go for the car 's unusual double-wing rear spoiler . 
But other analysts said that having Mr. Phillips succeed Mr. Roman would make for a smooth transition . 
In addition to the $ 15.6 billion of Treasury bills to be sold at next week 's regular Monday auction , the government will sell $ 10 billion of new two-year Treasury notes . 
Sotheby 's made the $ 100 million guarantee to keep the Dorrance collection away from its archrival , auction house Christie 's International PLC ; Christie 's has handled smaller sales for the Dorrance family over the years . 
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials . 
The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee-forfeiture power is to be used sparingly . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Analog Devices closed at $ 8.875 , up 25 cents . 
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F-15 weapons system trainer . 
The sole sympathetic character is the prodigal daughter Kate ( Jaclyn Smith ) , and she is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk , a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants whose grim existence consists mostly of growing peaches and repressing sex . 
After studies at that conservatory 's Pre-College Division with an assistant to the legendary instructor Ivan Galamian , he switched at the college level to Miss DeLay , Mr. Galamian 's longtime assistant and , ultimately , his rival . 
Questioned in Washington about what would happen if his much-heralded peace plan would fail , President Arias voiced expectations of direct U.S. action . 
Buyers can look forward to double-digit annual returns if they are right . 
Writing in the Harvard International Review , he says that his committee approves covert operations only when there 's a `` consensus . '' 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Polaroid closed at $ 47 , up $ 1.125 . 
It assessed nearly $ 500,000 against a cruise-ship company that carried about 100 deckhands , cooks , bartenders , entertainers and other employees as self-employed independents . 
Any quake-related losses will be reported in the fourth quarter , the company said . 
Combined with their two pre-quake victories , way back on Oct. 14 and 15 ( the scores were 5-0 and 5-1 , remember ? ) , that gave them a sweep of the best-of-seven series . 
James F. Gero , former chairman and chief executive officer of Varo Inc. , and Richard J. Hatchett III , a Dallas investment banker , were elected directors of this medical-products concern , boosting the board to seven members . 
Revenue from financial and real-estate services jumped 23 % to $ 177.4 million from $ 144.1 million a year ago . 
`` He 's sharp as a tack . 
Jaguar officials in the U.S. noted that Ford , as Jaguar 's largest shareholder , now has the power to call for such a meeting . 
Dealers said the initial pressure came from mildly disappointing U.K. trade figures for September and a worrisome report by the Confederation of British Industry that a decline in orders for manufactured goods is depressing both business optimism and investment plans for the coming year . 
But the chief rule-making body for accountants backed off one part of its original proposal made earlier this year that would have required a breakdown of certain balance-sheet items related to off-balance sheet instruments . 
That settlement represented the first time shareholders were granted a major payment in a greenmail case . 
Even the volatility created by stock index arbitrage and other computer-driven trading strategies is n't entirely bad , in Mr. Connolly 's view . 
McDonald 's Corp. said third-quarter earnings rose 14 % on a hefty sales gain , but domestic franchisees apparently did n't partake of the improvement . 
You only have a privilege to practice . '' 
No amount of hype will bring viewers back if the shows are weak . 
The city 's main library is closed because of fissures that opened in its walls , and marble facings and ornamental plaster at the Beaux Arts City Hall broke off in the temblor . 
In addition , they would receive some $ 200 million in payments for interest since then . 
An initial batch of Mr. Jackson 's checks was on sale at a baseball-card show held in San Francisco over Labor Day weekend . 
CBOE Chairman Alger `` Duke '' Chapman , said that , unlike the futures market , the options exchange has to open in a rotation that allows each different options series to trade . 
The group led by Birmingham , Mich. , publicist William D. McMaster did n't name an investment banker backing the deal or say how much its members will contribute to the offer . 
That is the state of Japan 's computer industry . 
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male-sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop . 
Helped by futures-related program buying , the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 4.92 points to close at 2643.65 . 
No one ever eats in their books and look at them ... . 
Despite recent declines in interest rates , money funds continue to offer better yields than other comparable investments . 
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest . 
Polls bear out this warning , but after a decade of increased Republican influence here , the new politics of abortion have contributed to a world turned upside down for Mr. Courter . 
Peter Coors runs the Coors Brewing Co. unit , the nation 's fourth-largest brewery that accounted for $ 1.24 billion of Adolph Coors 's $ 1.52 billion in 1988 sales . 
Robert G. Hodson , 65 , retired as chairman but will remain a consultant . 
Chiron , another pharmaceutical concern , is based in Emeryville , Calif . 
Some credit concerns , such as Bernard Sands Credit Consultants Inc. , have told clients not to ship anything to Federated or Allied stores on credit . 
The supporting lineup is solid , the patter is amusing and there 's even a cameo by Bernie Ohls , the `` good cop '' of previous Chandler books who still does n't hesitate to have Marlowe jailed when it suits his purposes . 
Japanese demand grew by 70 % in the first half of this year and the nation plans an issue of a silver commemorative coin that will require 4.5 million ounces . 
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex-accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either . 
He could do more to cut public subsidies and transfers , thus making funds available for public services starved of money for six years . 
It is expected to report next summer . 
`` People are promoting furs in various ways and taking the glamour out of the fur business , '' says Stephen Sanders , divisional merchandise manager for Marshall Field 's department store in Chicago . 
The plan , outlined in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , also calls for creditors and shareholders to receive common stock and warrants in the new company . 
But he added : `` The mere fact of a meeting does n't deal with the substance of policy . '' 
A spokesman for the engineers said the company asked the union to reduce its demands , which included a 19 % pay hike in the first year and 8 % in the second and third years . 
On Wednesday , Mobil will begin offering separation packages and voluntary retirement in its U.S. production operation . 
Mr. Brissette will remain a Canonie board member and will be a consultant to the company . 
Northeast 's raised bid , which was supported by PS of New Hampshire 's official shareholder committee , is a prelude to what is expected to be a round of higher bids by the other groups trying to acquire the company , the largest utility in New Hampshire . 
Along with reduced volume , analysts said the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker was hurt by holding higher-cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped . 
At the very least , Mr. Ross clearly sees an opportunity to use the two men to get a pound of flesh from Sony . 
Harry Lee Smith Alpharetta , Ga . 
No notification was ever considered , officials said , apparently because the U.S. did n't think the coup plotters intended to kill Mr. Noriega , but merely sought to imprison him . 
He met Mr. Bush in the 1950s , when the president was a young oil man in Midland and Mr. Allday was a lawyer for an oil firm . 
Such people also typically hold negative attitudes toward the physically handicapped , the poor , blacks and women . 
It never ceases to amaze me how the business world continues to trivialize the world 's environmental problems ( `` Is Science , or Private Gain , Driving Ozone Policy ? '' by George Melloan , Business World , Oct. 24 ) . 
A federal judge has issued a preliminary injunction against the purchase because of Federal Trade Commission concerns that the transaction would reduce competition in the production of two kinds of rivets . 
The average after-tax return on investment in 1986 , the most recent year for which results are available , was 6.5 % , according to Chatset Ltd. , an insurance consulting firm in London . 
Any raider would find it hard to crack AG 's battlements . 
But does it have to be so soon ? 
Both are in great need of foreign exchange , and South Africa is also under pressure to meet foreign loan commitments , he said . 
But Mr. Luzon has moved swiftly to streamline bureaucracy , cut costs , increase capital and build up new areas of business . 
The company develops and markets products for the food service industry . 
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business . 
Here , wedged between shifting dunes and pounding waves at the world 's most inhospitable diamond dig , lies the earth 's most precious jewel box . 
Ever since that fearful Black Monday , they 've been tirelessly wooing wary individual investors -- trying to convince them that Oct. 19 , 1987 , was a fluke and that the stock market really is a safe place for average Americans to put their hard-earned dollars . 
And they did try . 
Immunex Corp. said its scientists isolated a molecule which may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune-system , ranging from organ-transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma . 
The Treasury marked up its forecast by $ 17 million in July , but that proved to be about $ 5 billion too optimistic . 
But the Americans are also to blame . 
Coda , an oil and gas concern , said it and its partners received $ 7 million in cash and $ 10 million in five-year notes for the Kansas intrastate pipeline . 
Contract details , however , have n't been made public . 
Commodore International expects to post its second consecutive quarterly loss because of weak personal computer sales in some markets . 
We are willing to share the political burden of being host to America , an imperial power . 
Republic 's total of nonperforming assets was $ 167 million at Sept. 30 , with its reserve for loan losses now standing at $ 357 million . 
A Fed spokesman denied Mr. LaFalce 's statement . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Westamerica closed at $ 22.25 a share , down 75 cents . 
Mr. Skase also said the restructuring plan calls for the merger of Qintex Australia with Qintex Ltd. , which owns 55 % of Qintex Australia . 
Transport giant TNT , which owns half of one of the country 's two major domestic carriers , said the cost of the dispute had been heavy , cutting TNT 's profits 70 % to $ 12 million in the three months to Sept. 30 . 
At the American Express Travel Related Services Co. unit , net rose 17 % to a record $ 240.8 million on a 19 % revenue increase . 
Yesterday , the city demolished two dwellings in the district because of severe structural damage and said as many as 19 of the district 's 350 dwellings might have to be razed . 
Mr. Johnson is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Chicago bureau . 
Lawyers representing DPC declined to elaborate , saying they did n't have a final copy of the filing . 
In the first nine months , GMAC 's earnings fell 8 % to $ 859.5 million from $ 930.2 million . 
`` I never thought it would become so momentous , '' Bobby remarked . 
Mr. Ruby , 39 , said that he had `` an amicable parting '' with Capital Holding and that he has `` a number of ventures in the financial-services area '' under consideration . 
A Taxpayers Union study concluded the bill would save taxpayers up to $ 9.3 billion in barrier-island subsidies over 20 years . 
National Council on the Handicapped 
The Association of Quality Clubs , which puts 1988 industry revenue at $ 5 billion , surveyed the health-conscious over-40 market and found that 43 % exercise regularly . 
`` I think Bush 's going there is a helpful sign , '' said Sen. Terry Sanford ( D. , N.C . ) a member of the Foreign Relations Committee who pushed to provide Costa Rica about the same amount of aid as it received last year . 
`` I agree , it 's ridiculous , '' says Mr. Boren , and indeed by now ridiculous may be the only way to describe how the U.S. decides to take -- or rather , not to take -- covert action . 
The increase reflects spending on the S&L rescue as well as payroll and Social Security checks normally issued in October that were issued in September this year because Oct. 1 fell on a Sunday . 
Even stranger is the case of Usha Rectifier , a semiconductor company with 1988 sales of $ 28 million that 's raising $ 270 million to build an iron plant . 
Portfolio A : Retired couple , age 65 ; $ 400,000 portfolio . 
As a result of their illness , the Beebes said , they lost $ 1.8 million in wages and earnings . 
But while the overall market improved , the new-issue junk-bond market continued to count casualties , even as junk-bond prices rose . 
John B. Foy was named senior vice president and remains responsible for the individual policy services department . 
Trading activity in the junk market was extremely light as dealers could n't find enough buyers to match sellers . 
ITT 's Hartford Insurance Group had a $ 53 million quarterly pretax loss from Hurricane Hugo , ITT said . 
Both are expected to show continued sluggishness , which would be good for bonds and bad for stocks . 
Many investors are unaware their funds have borrowed to speculate in such a risky market . 
Excluding the provision , Republic earned $ 44.6 million , up 15 % from a year ago . 
The tension mounted as Ralph Branca , again on the mound , stared down the batter . 
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims . 
That has taken some of the swagger out of natives who like to brag that Texas is the only state that was once a nation , but it has increased their legendary resentment of outsiders . 
The White House already is talking of Mr. Bush visiting the California earthquake site this weekend . 
This heavy outside support for the worst has undermined better , moderate leaders . 
High default rates , a low interest rate , and government coverage of all interest costs while the student is in school make program costs extremely high . 
In each case , the exchange is valued at $ 56.25 a share . 
Mr. Craven said his move to the chairmanship means he will take a less active role in the day-to-day management of the group , but he added that the merchant bank 's strategic focus remains unchanged . 
In addition , some microelectronics companies said they were prepared for tremulous conditions like Tuesday 's . 
Early in the day , bonds rose modestly on economists ' forecasts that this week 's slate of economic data will portray an economy headed for trouble . 
The buoyant Bombay rumor mill also says that some of the money raised in the current spate of issues will be used as campaign donations before the elections . 
Profit-taking accounted for much of the slide in OTC stock prices , according to David Mills , senior vice president of Boston Company Advisers . 
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history . 
It was five in the afternoon , but that was Pacific time . 
According to some estimates , the rule changes would cut insider filings by more than a third . 
Four years ago , she was managing a film-processing shop and was totally bored . 
They also worry that if the government applies asset-forfeiture laws broadly , the best defense lawyers will be unwilling to take criminal cases unless they are assured of being paid . 
Fresenius owns about 42 % of Delmed 's fully diluted common stock . 
The former $ 3 million-a-year lobbyist now frequents shelters for the homeless and devotes a third of his time counseling other recovering alcoholics . 
The Los Angeles thrift holding company said it had a loss of $ 92.2 million , or $ 6.98 a share , for the quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co . 
At a private dinner Thursday , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. chief executive Frederick Joseph delivered a sobering message about the junk bond market to officials of Prudential Insurance Co. of America . 
Investors bailed out of New York City bonds in droves last week , driving prices lower and boosting yields . 
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward . 
Santa Fe Energy Co. , a unit of Santa Fe Southern Pacific Co. , bought from Amoco the rights that allowed it to drill the Sharpshooter . 
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 15 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 72 days ; 8.375 % 73 to 96 days ; 8.125 % 97 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Moreover , your hypothetical investor has forsaken the gains to be had in reducing risk by diversifying his portfolio . 
In England , Martin Leach , a spokesman for Lloyd 's of London , said the insurance market has n't yet been able to estimate the total potential claims from the disaster . 
Critics of the plan , including the town of Braintree , say the incinerator is a health hazard . 
Funds will be used to repay existing short-term debt and to finance capital spending , it said . 
These utopians caused the deaths -- by starvation , disease or execution -- of well over one million Cambodians . 
Added another U.K. analyst : `` It gives them some cash in the back pocket for when they want to do something . '' 
The only other endorsement permitted by the contract involves a series of Time-Life home improvement and repair books . 
But in 1935 , when Congress was trying to find someone or something to blame for the Great Depression , it decided to drop both the secretary and the comptroller from the board . 
Several big securities firms backed off from program trading a few months after the 1987 crash . 
And not just for the players . 
Hiroyuki Murai , general manager of the stock trading division at Nikko Securities , said that after looking at the reasons for Friday 's Wall Street plunge , participants realized that the Tokyo and New York markets have different economic fundamentals . 
He tried management consulting , traded in turquoise for a while , and even managed professional wrestlers . 
Clarcor Inc. said a plan to sell its J.L. Clark Inc. subsidiary to a group headed by Anderson Industries Inc. for $ 70.3 million has been terminated . 
`` Even though brand loyalty is rather strong for coffee , we need advertising to maintain and strengthen it . '' 
The announcements also should help IBM go on the offensive against Digital Equipment Corp. on the plant floor . 
Analysts estimated that sales at U.S. stores declined in the quarter , too . 
SUGAR : 
When the action requires , a prison cell , consisting of an enlarged wire cage , rolls forward on iron wheels on the platform . 
Mr. Klein will work with Mr. Kroll on some of the agency 's joint venture activities and acquisitions while the case is pending . 
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions . 
The company also posted third-quarter earnings that were in line with analysts ' forecasts . 
Administration officials insist that the size of the staff was n't a problem during the Panama crisis . 
Anyone who 's tried to appear `` natural '' in front of a camera knows that it 's much more natural to end up looking like a stiff . 
The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates represent an interest only in the specially created trust and `` do not represent interests in or obligations of the banks , Citibank N.A. , Citicorp or any affiliate thereof . '' 
The successors would be nominated by the independent directors . 
Among other things , the industry is trying to come up with standardized business lists that cut down on duplications . 
Pachinko , a kind of pinball , is Japan 's favorite form of legal gambling . 
September orders for machine tools rebounded from the summer doldrums , but remained 7.7 % below year-earlier levels , according to figures from NMTBA -- the Association for Manufacturing Technology . 
Those concerns are n't expressed in public . 
`` It 's reasonable to say there is not a solvent S&L in the state and the amount of viable bank capital is very low , '' said Mr. Jackson . 
The environment can no longer be a normal issue , to be dealt with on a business-as-usual basis with comfortable increments of change . 
Net income rose 23 % to 63.52 billion yen from 51.65 billion yen . 
Instead , they argued that impeachment aims to protect public institutions from people who have abused their positions of trust , irrespective of the outcome of prior criminal or civil cases . 
It is indeed hard to back away from a widely publicized forecast , and Mr. Straszheim is fidgeting with the handcuffs on this trip . 
Philip Morris slipped 1\/2 to 43 7\/8 , while Sara Lee closed unchanged at 60 1\/8 . 
There 's a memorable passage in which Mr. Shields , having finally learned of the practice , expresses his outrage to Bill Clements , then a university governor ( and now the governor of Texas ! ) and oil man Edwin Cox , chairman of the board of trustees . 
The Glazer group said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing in early October that it may seek a controlling interest in Harley-Davidson , or seek representation on the company 's board . 
It said then it had had and would continue to have discussions with Anacomp 's management concerning its investment . 
`` Insitutional investors , on the other hand , reacted to the steep decline in yields on direct money-market instruments following the stock-market decline last Friday , '' Mr. Dreyer said . 
Mr. Redmond said the intruder had n't yet done any harm but the agency feared `` garbage data could be substituted for real data . '' 
Douglas Jones , an attorney representing Richard O. Kelly Sr. , the chairman and president of Capital Trust , says his client denies that there was any attempt to defraud investors . 
J.C. Penney Co. is extending its involvement in a televised home-shopping service by five to 10 years . 
Stoneridge Resources Inc. said it will begin an offering of rights equivalent to 2.6 million common shares and valued at $ 22,750,000 . 
Ultimate expects the 3 1\/2-year agreement to generate $ 100 million in sales , but it would n't estimate profit . 
`` As a result , household debt appears to be stabilizing at around 63 % of GNP . '' 
For the nine months , HomeFed earned $ 82.5 million , or $ 3.52 a fully diluted share , a 4.3 % increase from year-earlier net income of $ 79.1 million , or $ 3.43 a fully diluted share . 
Aetna , which has nearly 3,000 adjusters , had deployed about 750 of them in Charlotte , Columbia , and Charleston . 
All foreign markets are aggressively courting U.S. business . 
These critics object to Mr. Bush 's participation in a meeting that includes Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega among the guests . 
The Treasury contended that TVA could n't borrow from both it and the public debt market . 
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit-card receivables . 
The move was made because of the bank-holding company 's increased profitability , officials said . 
Some companies , including Heinz , even pay part of the fee . 
A recall of the mushrooms blamed for the food poisoning began in early March . 
`` We 're encouraging a graceful transition , '' says Mary Kay Poppenberg , the organization 's president . 
I have never had as many calls as I had this morning . 
Edward J. Campbell , economist at Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. , New York , noted that large increases in construction activity along with government and private relief efforts could offset loss of production in those areas . 
Because of standardized designs , Mr. Hovnanian says , `` a buyer can visualize Society Hill regardless of where it is . '' 
Ferro also said it would cancel the unused portion of a 1987 buy-back plan for administrative reasons . 
Despite renewed interest by the public in such topics as the environment and the Third World , it has n't been able to shake its reputation as a magazine boys like to flip through in search of topless tribe women . 
Mr. Gatward has spent a lot of time since late September at MTM 's headquarters ; he eliminated three departments and fired six executives , according to the TVS spokesman . 
The insured bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
But that is not much of a consolation to draw from the failure of General Aoun . 
But an unexpected deviation either way could roil bond and currency markets . 
Therefore , engineering firms , construction contractors and developers can be sued for not keeping structures up to standard , and government agencies can be held accountable for failing to properly protect citizens from such a foreseeable disaster , if negligence can be proven . 
In fact , they seemed a mite resentful . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
They were the signature of his adversary , Panamanian leader Manuel Antonio Noriega . 
Mr. Whittle Friday said several more advertisers have been added . 
A SEC proposal to ease reporting requirements for some company executives would undermine the usefulness of information on insider trades as a stock-picking tool , individual investors and professional money managers contend . 
The company said per-share earnings were slightly reduced by the sale of 4.1 million shares of treasury stock to the company 's newly formed Employee Stock Ownership Plans . 
Business lines increased 3.7 % to 3.3 million . 
The association said it would monitor the conduct of lawyers and warned that solicitation of business is unethical . 
A previously available program called Network Computing System , developed by Hewlett-Packard 's Apollo division , for instance , takes a task and splits it up into parts , divvying up those parts to several computers in a network for simultaneous processing . 
But they foresee little substantial progress in exports unless the dollar and the federal budget deficit come down . 
A rambunctious shake-up is quickly reshaping Europe 's once-stately insurance business . 
The producers ' 28 % share of publicly held Guber Peters would net them an additional $ 50 million . 
The House has voted to repeal most of the Catastrophic Coverage Act of 1988 , however , which would end the monthly catastrophic-care premium , as well as an unpopular income surtax paid by about 40 % of the wealthier Medicare beneficiaries . 
`` While I 'm pleased the FDA is finally releasing AZT for children , it 's taken much too long to get to this point , '' said Rep. Ted Weiss . 
In the immediate postwar years , the Rothschilds concentrated on rebuilding their other European operations , delaying their return to Frankfurt . 
Alan McKim , chief executive officer of Clean Harbors said he was `` very much encouraged '' by the official 's praise of Clean Harbors for the quality of some of the data in the report . 
This city is girding for gridlock today as hundreds of thousands of commuters avoid travel routes ravaged by last week 's earthquake . 
Mr. Auvil sees Fujis , in part , as striking a blow against the perversion of U.S. apples by supermarkets . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 13\/16 % offered . 
`` People in this business have been insulated , '' says Josh Pons , a horse breeder from Bel Air , Md . 
The retailer said the securities are expected to be rated triple-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. and Aaa by Moody 's Investors Service Inc . 
These features are also used in Matanky Realty Group 's Grand Boulevard Plaza . 
`` The { stones } that were irradiated in the U.S. are safe , '' says John Hickey , chief of the NRC operations branch , Washington . 
Both said the new plan would n't work . 
But even though Tokyo appears unharmed by recent market volatility , analysts and traders say there are still a few concerns on the horizon . 
He noted that institutional investors showed `` pretty general '' interest in stocks in the latest session . 
National leaders stopped by his stand to commend his achievements . 
I suggest your reporter see Charleston next spring in its full glory . 
The gain compared with a $ 1.10 billion decline in reserve assets in August to $ 62.36 billion , the department said . 
From the air , ribbons of yellow fire hose carry water from the bay to high-pressure nozzles trained on the site . 
His hands sit farther apart on the keyboard . 
The prospectus also notes that the securities are not guaranteed by any government agency . 
Not all Poles are pleased . 
Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a `` sell '' recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
`` Managers have long been those who supervise their subordinates so orders would be properly acted on , '' a spokesman says . 
There 's even a special fare for clergy that does n't require the usual stay over Saturday night . 
`` Stocks have not spread to the general public , despite the fact that the environment is much different , '' concludes Robert Avery , an economist at Cornell University . 
LIN said it expects to borrow the money to pay the dividend , but commitments from banks still have n't been obtained . 
Because of the way the government keeps its books , the damage to the Bay Bridge , however costly , wo n't be counted as a minus . 
The DAX index closed at 1472.76 , up from 1466.29 . 
Her appetite for children also was large . 
About 140 salaried management jobs and hundreds of hourly wage positions have been eliminated . 
`` He does n't want to lead the people , '' says Richard Traynor , president of New Jersey Right to Life . 
For the nine months , Jefferies said net fell 39 % , to $ 6.8 million , or $ 1.07 a share , from $ 11.1 million , or $ 1.50 a share . 
Although crude oil prices were significantly higher this year , they were n't strong enough to offset the declining profits in those business sectors at most oil companies , said William Randol , oil analyst for First Boston Corp . 
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder . 
This somewhat-ambiguous assessment moves one Alliance portfolio manager to ask : `` So , what is this -- a Stealth recession ? '' 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from May 8 , 1991 , through Oct. 8 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 75 % to 85 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 18 . 
Whitbread had total pretax profit in the year ended Feb. 25 of # 223.2 million , on sales of # 2.26 billion . 
He said the move could be the beginning of a broader relationship between the two companies , one that could open up new markets for Bethlehem . 
The only industry sector to report more business failures for the nine months was the finance , insurance and real-estate sector , where bankruptcies grew 8.1 % to 2,046 from 1,892 . 
IF YOU FORCE financial planners to sum up their most important advice in a single sentence , it would probably be a one-word sentence : Diversify . 
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading . 
B.A.T Industries surged in afternoon dealings after its shareholders approved a plan to dispose of its U.S. and U.K. retailing operations to fend off Hoylake Investment 's # 13.4 billion ( $ 21.33 billion ) hostile bid . 
9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
If they ca n't secure immediate passage of a capital-gains plan , administration officials also are n't ruling out making a deal with Congress to put off a vote until a firm date in the future , even next year . 
THE U.S. . IS REQUIRED to notify foreign dictators of certain coup plans . 
`` There are a lot more downward than upward revisions and it looks like people are questioning corporate profits as a means of support for stock prices , '' she says . 
`` The cost of competition has become extremely high , '' he says . 
Black & Decker said it plans to put other Emhart units on the block in the future , with the goal of raising $ 1 billion in net proceeds . 
The IRA portion ( of the Packwood-Roth plan ) is irresponsible . '' 
In early trading , Treasury bonds were higher on expectations that a surge in buying among Japanese investors would continue . 
The plan is talking about applicants admitted , not students who enroll . 
He also expects the performance of municipals to lag Treasurys as California is forced to issue new debt over time to repair public facilities . 
While the third period contained no major surprises , Mr. Lothson said , the results show how sensitive the multinationals can be to developments in a single country such as Brazil . 
At one point yesterday morning , the Dow was down 80.53 points . 
The product is n't widely used yet , but Toshiba , which has already beaten everyone else in producing the current-generation one-megabit DRAMs , believes that its early investment will heighten its chances of beating its competitors again . 
Under the accord , Albert Roth , chairman and chief executive officer , and Arthur Chase , Sam Beigel , and Louis Polsky will resign as officers and directors of the menswear retailer . 
The San Francisco Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals also has been providing medical care , food , water and foster homes for quake-displaced animals . 
Sun , a maker of computer workstations , reported sales of $ 538.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 29 , up 39 % from $ 388.5 million a year earlier . 
But after years of using the issue for its benefit , the GOP finds its candidates on the defensive . 
As for Mr. Sala 's qualifications , `` the snooty attorneys for the state of New York decided Mr. Sala was n't qualified because he did n't have a Harvard degree , '' says Mr. Manion . 
Increasing personal spending and capital investment are fueling growth , the company said . 
With some new rules , state officials say they made it easier -- and faster -- to sell new franchises whose terms stray from those in state-registered contracts . 
A permanent smoking ban on virtually all domestic airline routes won approval from the House , which separately sent to President Bush a nearly $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 bill including the first construction funds for the space station . 
In Hong Kong , Sydney and Singapore -- the largest of those exchanges -- stocks recovered one-third to one-half of the ground they lost in Monday 's plunge , with major market indexes posting gains of 3.6 % to 4.4 % . 
The revival of the real estate mortgage investment conduit market reflected the relative calm in the mortgage market after two days of volatile trading . 
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial-product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline . 
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably . 
But Mr. Tisch expects losses in all four years of the contract , he told U.S. senators last June . 
And statements by the chairman of the IG Metall labor union , Franz Steinkuehler , also cast a cloud over trading , dealers said . 
Rally 's had no comment , but was expected to make an announcement this morning about the situation . 
It 's hard to accept that it 's over and only took 15 seconds . 
`` It 's the missing link '' in Olivetti 's product line between small personal computers and higher-priced minicomputers , the Olivetti spokesman said . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Third-quarter and nine-month results do n't include any provision for premium returns that could be ordered by the California Department of Insurance under Proposition 103 . 
All Eastern 's previous court efforts to head off the pilots ' demands have failed . 
-- `` Physical exhaustion and depression are common in my life and in some of my teammates ' lives '' . 
But Superfund also contains a criminal provision concerning the release of toxic substances into the environment . 
The Manufacturers Hanover Corp. unit , which is seeking repayment of a $ 36 million loan , has asked the court to give its claim priority over that of Minpeco , which won a $ 132 million judgment against Mr. Hunt , his brother Nelson Bunker Hunt and other defendants last year in a case stemming from their alleged attempts to corner the silver market in 
The earlier use of incentives depleted the market of `` scavengers '' for bargain-basement 1989 cars , he said . 
The spokeswoman said the Frankfurt situation was `` totally different '' from problems in the interest-rate options unit . 
Delta problems are difficult , not impossible , to solve -- I am just not convinced that we are ready to solve them yet . 
Yet he puts quite a twist on the old story handed down from Darwin . 
`` You just do n't see a whole lot happening , '' says an international economist . 
International Business Machines Corp. said earnings tumbled 30 % in the third quarter , even a bit further than expected , rendering the outlook doubtful for the next few quarters . 
For construction in West Virginia , Mr. Bush requested $ 4.5 million ; Congress gave Senator Byrd 's state $ 21.5 million . 
`` The '86 act was a fluke . 
Massage also has an image problem to contend with . 
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere . 
Underwear scored a middling 36 % in brand loyalty , but consumer researchers say that 's actually quite high for such a mundane product . 
Anti-nuclear activists took a less positive view . 
PepsiCo said its soft-drink prices were about 2 % higher in the quarter . 
Then , when Morgenzon was incorporated in 1908 , the farmer who owned the land stipulated that only whites could reside in town ; blacks could work there , but they had to leave at night . 
The Federal Reserve said its studies in recent years , which adjust for income differences and other variables , showed that blacks received fewer home mortgages from banks and thrifts than whites . 
The scars will be here years after the polls close . '' 
Nissan will introduce a completely revamped Sentra next fall . 
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . ) 
`` A day of reckoning is coming where we think the market will place a high premium on the highest-quality debt issues , and therefore we think the best debt investment is U.S. government bonds , '' says Craig Corcoran of Davis\/Zweig Futures Inc. , an investment advisory firm . 
Meson is the personal holding company of Steven Morfey , a Vancouver securities dealer . 
The group had an operating profit of $ 65 million , against a loss of $ 13 million a year earlier . 
Also , Exxon went down 3\/8 to 45 3\/4 and Allied-Signal lost 7\/8 to 35 1\/8 even though the companies ' results for the quarter were in line with forecasts . 
Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Some estimates have gone as high as 80,000 members . 
The unit stabilized about midday New York time at around 1.85 marks and 141 yen , prompting unconfirmed rumors that the U.S. Federal Reserve had intervened to blunt the unit 's tumble . 
Nucor 's plant in Crawfordsville , Ind. , ultimately will produce only one million tons annually , a drop in the 40-million-ton-a-year flat-rolled steel bucket , and it will be years before such plants can compete in the high-profit market . 
It said that expanding nuclear-power capability is the quickest way to lessen that dependence . 
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 's Jacobs International unit was selected to design and build a microcomputer-systems manufacturing plant in County Kildare , Ireland , for Intel Corp . 
With the acquisition , Monogram , Blue Ash , Ohio , has more than 2.4 million total accounts , GE Capital added . 
Nearby Paul Craig Roberts , a distinguished supply-sider with monetarist sympathies , argues the case for Sir Alan . 
Some Canadian political commentators have opposed Canada 's joining what they see as a U.S.-dominated organization . 
Those `` people '' to whom I refer are not some heroic , indecipherable quantity ; they are artists , critics , taxi drivers , grandmothers , even some employees of the Ministry of Culture , all of whom share a deep belief in the original principles of the Cuban Revolution , spelled out in terms such as equality among all members of the society , reverence for education and creative expression , universal rights to health and livelihood , housing , etc . 
Dean Steinkuhler , a spectacularly bulked-up former lineman , confesses that he used 'em , and says other Huskers did too . 
Gary Ciminero , economist at Fleet\/Norstar Financial Group , Providence , R.I. , expects the deflator to rise 3.7 % , well below the second quarter 's 4.6 % , partly because of what he believes will be temporarily better price behavior . 
The junk market , which mushroomed to $ 200 billion from less than $ 2 billion at the start of the decade , has been declining for months as issuers have stumbled under the weight of hefty interest payments . 
-- Ralph Shaffer . 
Moreover , many financial advisers say individuals should be in the stock market as long-term investors , not as traders trying to catch the next hot stock . 
The yearlong schedule of festivities will be kicked off officially with a combination live and animation half-time special at the Super Bowl in January . 
Firms Walk Fine Line In Distributing Profits 
Digital Equipment Corp. , Tandem Computers Inc. , NEC Corp. and Group Bull , among others , have similar arrangements with MIPs , based in Sunnyvale , Calif . 
I think a lot of people got scared and stayed home . '' 
The big problem for Daewoo , which holds about 21 % of the market , is the long series of labor disruptions it suffered this year . 
The arrangement is subject to approval by the Supreme Court of British Columbia province , Crown said . 
It is easy to fight when you do n't have any other option . '' 
But the lurking shadow of 1987 's stock-market crash still seems dark . 
I do n't see anybody who 's sophisticated getting his name associated with this mess until the moving parts stop moving . '' 
Saturday , he amended his remarks to say that he would continue to abide by the cease-fire if the U.S. ends its financial support for the Contras . 
American publishers appear more than ready to do some selling . 
The Babelists of the United Nations are experts at obfuscation . 
Seats are currently quoted at $ 430,000 bid and $ 525,000 asked . 
Mr. Cohen , the Drexel general counsel , said , `` I do n't think , as we say in investment banking , that ` by the end of the day ' we 'll be losing any licenses . '' 
Cost is a key consideration because of the global sweep of the financial markets . 
It is also taking over the maintenance of certain Navy aircraft with 40 % fewer people than the military used . 
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 . 
A spokesman said its purpose is `` to bolster the impression that NBC Sports is always there for people . '' 
\*\* With dividends reinvested 
( So long as you do n't look down . ) 
Yet another opportunity for President Bush to respond , `` Read my lips . 
And before the week was out , Sony had offered Mr. Guber and his partner , Jon Peters , the most lucrative employment contracts in the history of the movie business . 
He views the $ 1.10 to $ 1.12 range as a buying opportunity and considers the market oversold . 
In its home market , Nissan has grabbed attention with limited-production minicars featuring styling odd enough to be cute . 
Revenue rose 23 % to $ 100 million from $ 81.6 million . 
Hitachi made the reverse-engineering charges in an amendment to a counterclaim filed in a federal district court in Texas after Motorola sued Hitachi for patent violation . 
And those who remain , he says `` will demand a higher return and over time raise the cost of capital to companies . '' 
In a statement that was as close as East Germany gets to practicing `` glasnost '' , Otto Reinhold , an East German party theorist , actually acknowledged the reunification dilemma . 
Mr. Roman also had overseen Ogilvy Group 's two other units , the Scali McCabe Sloves advertising agency and its research division , but those units will now report directly to WPP . 
Nine-month net fell 9.5 % to $ 323.4 million , or $ 1.36 a share , from $ 357.2 million , or $ 1.32 a share , a year earlier . 
Will you pour me a drop of water , if you do n't mind ? '' 
IRA account assets have grown to about $ 400 billion from $ 393 billion last year and just $ 26 billion in 1981 . 
The asset shrinkage was particularly concentrated in several large California institutions . 
Mr. Barnicle reminded readers that he still has n't forgiven Globe management for questioning a $ 20 expense chit he submitted for parking his car while chasing a story . 
The public sector borrowing requirement , the most widely used measure of Britain 's government deficit or surplus , showed a deficit of # 200 million in September , compared with a deficit of # 765 million in August and a deficit of # 1.08 billion in September 1988 , the Treasury said . 
The result has been thinner margins , which have been further eroded by an ambitious research and development effort and rapid overseas expansion . 
Before your next California-bashing editorial , please spend more time out here witnessing the situation -- it just may change your view . 
Mr. Fedders is philosophical about his travails . 
Perhaps it does . 
It will have 61 plants from coast to coast and $ 1.5 billion in annual sales . 
The drugstore chain reacted cautiously , saying the plan would further swell its huge debt , which forced the company into Chapter 11 protection last year . 
Mr. Lorin , a stock promoter , pleaded guilty to the stock-manipulation charges in April and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation of Mr. Laff . 
The small changes in averages reflect generally unchanged yields at many major banks . 
In particular , Japanese investors will be keeping a wary eye on Wall Street to see whether Monday 's 88.12-point rally holds up as fresh U.S. economic data are released . 
Hydro-Quebec said Maine regulators ' refusal to approve the contract means Central Maine Power has lost its place in line . 
He served as Mr. Roderick 's front man in tense negotiations for the 1982 purchase of Marathon Oil for $ 5.9 billion . 
Municipals 
The softness of the core constrains the plastic models to No. 1 , No. 2 or No. 3-type pencils , which account for the bulk of the market . 
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 . 
`` I could n't afford to hire 16 whites . 
The program-trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading . 
Eastern has disputed the claim , but a federal district court , an appeals court and now the arbitrator have all sided with the pilots . 
It was my decision , not anyone else 's . '' 
The company had been experiencing softening margins because of increased sales of software applications , which have lower margins than do operating systems . 
He has leather jackets from Turkey that are lined with eel skin and topped off with raccoon-skin collars . 
Recently , the boards of both the parent company and the thrift also voted to suspend dividends on preferred shares of both companies and convert all preferred into common shares . 
Revenue was $ 41.2 million , up from $ 27.5 million . 
One of the studies , done at the University of Minnesota , tested 75 people with raised cholesterol levels . 
Trading was light on the Pacific Stock Exchange yesterday , with workers at the exchange 's main floor in San Francisco struggling to execute orders by flashlight as a result of a continuing power outage . 
`` A loss of the warning symptoms of hypoglycemia is a complex problem that is very unlikely to be due simply to the type of insulin used , '' the American association said . 
The narrower Financial Times 30-share index fell 29.6 to 1730.7 . 
Deeply ingrained in both the book review `` Kissing Nature Good-bye '' by Stephen MacDonald ( Leisure & Arts , Sept. 27 ) and the books reviewed is the assumption that global warming is entirely a result of human activity . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.52 % . 
`` Productivity in Japanese offices is relatively low . '' 
AMR 's chairman , Robert L. Crandall , said the results were due to an 11 % year-to-year increase in fuel prices and a slight decrease in yield , an industry measure analogous to profit margin on each seat sold . 
I read that one unnamed athletics director predicted that the basketball-cutback proposal could fail because of `` real world '' ( i.e. , economic ) considerations . 
Consequently , small business is taking more `` pro-active '' steps to counter mandated leaves . 
He was turning himself in . 
This city of more than 70,000 is known for sunshine , yachts and rich residents . 
NATO defense ministers opened a two-day meeting in Portugal to assess the alliance 's nuclear-weapons needs amid reduced East-West tensions . 
But in the end his resignation as Chancellor of the Exchequer may be a good thing , especially if it works as he no doubt intends -- by forcing Prime Minister Thatcher and her counterparts elsewhere to confront the genuine intellectual issues involved . 
At a June EC summit , Mrs. Thatcher appeared to ease her opposition to full EMS membership , saying Britain would join once its inflation rate fell and the EC liberalized capital movements . 
`` We 're in the process of discussing an amended plan with the creditors and anticipate filing that amended plan shortly , '' Mr. Lorenzo told reporters . 
Numerous injuries were reported . 
`` The outlook is positive for the intermediate to long term . '' 
The FTC said it `` had reason to believe that the proposed acquisition could substantially reduce competition '' in the production of certain image intensifier tubes , which are important components of night-vision devices sold primarily to the defense industry . 
A drive with 120 megabytes of capacity is scheduled for release during the third quarter of 1990 . 
Ms. Bartlett 's little rooms left little room for plants or people . 
The decision to increase the loan-loss reserve and suspend the dividend is `` both prudent and in the best long-term interest of the shareholders , '' he said . 
Mr. Maynard initially won approval for his machine to be used at egg-processing facilities regulated by the USDA 's Food Safety Inspection Service . 
That 's because you have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy and the effort required to sell and service the whole package . 
A 60-day to 65-day supply is considered normal . 
In the latest period , the company had an average of 370.8 million shares , 5.6 million shares below last year 's level . 
With strong prices in the company 's two major areas -- building products as well as pulp and paper -- analysts had expected a roaring quarter . 
Parametric Technology Corp. , initial public offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which 1,365,226 will be offered by the company and 334,774 will be offered by holders , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. , Hambrecht & Quist Inc. and Wessels , Arnold & Henderson . 
Before the union rejected the company 's offer and the strike was launched with the graveyard shift of Oct. 4 , Boeing had been counting on turning 96 aircraft out the door in the present period . 
Generali , Italy 's biggest insurer , last month offered 5,500 lire a share for the Nuovo Banco stake held by Banco Popolare di Milano , the bank 's largest shareholder , which announced plans to sell the holdings earlier this year . 
Barney Hallingby , managing director of research at Hambrecht & Quist , also believes earnings growth is beginning to play a greater part in investors ' buying decisions . 
If the Colombian media accept this new and hideous censorship there is little doubt that the drug mafia 's terrorism someday will extend to all the newspapers published in the free world . 
But this is almost an underground activity . 
Under the original buy-out approved by the UAL board Sept. 14 , UAL 's pilots planned to put up $ 200 million in cash and make $ 200 million in annual cost concessions for a 75 % stake . 
A good measurement of the popularity of ice-breaker journals like Ogonyok is circulation . 
A group of investors led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Burt Sugarman , said it filed with federal antitrust regulators for clearance to buy more than 50 % of the stock of Rally 's Inc. , a fast-food company based in Louisville , Ky . 
Marcus W. Brauchli contributed to this article . 
It was horrible . 
Some money managers are pursuing growth stocks at the expense of those that rise and fall along with the economic cycle . 
A volatile , unofficial `` gray '' market in the shares has been operating in Paris for about two weeks . 
Consumers have been accustomed to buying soft-drinks at discounted prices for several years . 
And those swings paled beside Friday 's 190.58-point plunge and Monday 's 88.12-point recovery . 
Under the law , Gramm-Rudman 's across-the-board-cuts in federal programs are supposed to be permanent . 
For example , disaster loans , which will go to small businesses and homeowners , offer credit as low as 4 % in some cases . 
Revenue rose 7.7 % to $ 1.28 billion from $ 1.18 billion . 
`` There are no facts { behind the assertions } that we sent any kind of signal , '' he declared in an interview . 
But the computer did n't play Mr. Short 's ninth move , a key pawn thrust , and its position deteriorated rapidly . 
Around Thanksgiving , the Solar Max satellite , which NASA repaired in orbit in 1984 , will tumble back into the Earth 's atmosphere . 
He contends that chasing consumers with low-priced imports will harm the industry in the long run by reducing the prestige of furs . 
William Tait , a former sales manager in Indianapolis , says that his office had all but sold a $ 1.5 million image system to pharmaceutical maker Eli Lilly & Co . 
French consumer prices rose 0.2 % in September from the previous month and were up 3.4 % from a year earlier , according to definitive figures from the National Statistics Institute . 
And using liquidation value assuming the sale of all UAL assets , First Boston estimated the airline is worth $ 253 to $ 303 a share . 
`` No way . 
`` The trappings of success go a long way -- wearing the right clothes , doing the right things , '' says Paul Andreassen , an associate professor of psychology at Harvard . 
So who knows ? 
Orkem said it eventually would seek to make a public share offering in its U.K. business . 
A Lebanese Christian alliance accepted an Arab-sponsored proposal aimed at ending Lebanon 's 14-year-old civil war . 
This is the nation 's biggest city and , traditionally , its mayor is the nation 's best-known urban politician . 
`` The junk bond market is being taken apart '' because of recession fears , said J. David Mills , senior vice president at Boston Company Advisers . 
At the end of the term of the convertible loan , Sears could still own half the building , and AEW could own the other half . 
Our quake behaved much like the Mexico City earthquake , where great damage was miles from the epicenter . '' 
Given the prelude 's thematic connections with the music preceding the last act , the idea is more worn than bad , though as luck would have it , for a change there actually was a conductor in the pit whom we wanted to hear , Carlos Kleiber , trying to make memorable music while we all waited for the bed lump to stir into song . 
`` We call this land of ours Great Britain , and there may be those who believe this a somewhat immodest practice . 
`` They allowed this country to be credible . 
The rally spread into European markets , where traders were still betting that the earthquake disrupted the San Francisco area 's large oil refining plants . 
Still , criminal defense lawyers worry that defendants are being deprived of their Sixth Amendment right to counsel and a fair trial if the government can seize lawyers ' fees . 
Those employees are suspected of illegally gaining an estimated $ 376.8 million , the prosecutor was quoted as saying by the Excelsior news service . 
ENI needs to know what 's coming as it prepares to spend some $ 1.3 billion on upgrading its refineries , he says . 
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out-of-court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy-law protection if settlement talks fail . 
Some of the sales proceeds will go to the Design Industries Foundation for AIDS . 
In the Reagan administration we designed a comprehensive program ; we worked very hard on it . 
`` I have no experience before with such sophisticated machinery , '' says Matsuo Toshimitsu , a 66-year-old executive vice president of Japan Air Lines , explaining his reluctance before accepting a terminal in his office this summer . 
`` And he tells me , ` If you want to see your paintings , you 'll have to come to my house in Florida . ' '' 
The flood of claims and counter-claims worried consumers and actually hurt sales of the new cereals . 
The stock market correction of Oct. 13 , 1989 , was a grim reminder of the Oct. 19 , 1987 market collapse . 
A good place to start the rehabilitation is a `` legislative line-item veto '' bill now being offered by Indiana Senator Dan Coats . 
Conner 's performance is closely tied to the burgeoning demand for battery-operated computers , the computer industry 's fastest-growing segment . 
It often is preceded by the development of polyps in the bowel , which in some cases become increasingly malignant in identifiable stages -- progressing from less severe to deadly -- as though a cascade of genetic damage might be occurring . 
`` The question is unanswerable at this point , '' she says . 
Greg Confair , president of Sigma Financial Inc. in Allentown , Pa. , also recommends that investors go heavily for cash . 
Madison 's noble and unifying vision of the representative still can guide us . 
How could CBS get pushed into outbidding itself ? 
Its third-quarter earnings were lower than analysts had forecast , and the company said it had lowered its projections for earnings growth through the end of 1990 because of planned price cuts . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Cray closed down $ 1.125 at $ 34.25 . 
The $ 40-a-share proposal values the company at about $ 106.6 million . 
A three-year-old Brooklyn boy was used as a shield by a drug dealer . 
They fear that the boom may be too big for Japan 's or anyone else 's good . 
Mr. Putka covers education from The Wall Street Journal 's Boston bureau . 
But the simplicity may be misleading . 
The 30-share index ended 12.6 points higher at 1751.9 . 
Experience has shown that the most important element in predicting a housing-loan default is the down payment . 
The state attorney general 's office is investigating rental car agencies charging noticeably higher prices . 
Lee Dirks & Associates is to sell the chains . 
Basically , Mr. Chestman was a fourth-level tippee . 
Revenue rose 15 % to $ 534.3 million from $ 464.7 million . 
The executive producer of `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung , '' Andrew Lack , declines to discuss re-creactions as a practice or his show , in particular . 
It is also the sovereign power that , come 1997 , will take over this British colony . 
Japan has been testing imported food from Europe since the April 1986 Chernobyl accident in the Soviet Union , the spokesman said . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year issue rose less than an eighth of a point , or less than $ 1.25 for each $ 1,000 of face amount . 
Since the start of the decade , lift-ticket sales have grown only 3 % a year on average , compared with 16 % annual growth rates in the '60s and '70s . 
IT PAYS to follow a management career path -- even at law firms . 
`` We can expect a hundreds-of-billions-of-yen market . '' 
The paper gave no details of what the restrictions would entail but said the measures were necessary to protect the domestic market . 
The upshot ? 
The diversified operations helped GM build its cash reserves , exclusive of its financial subsidiary , to $ 5.5 billion as of Sept. 30 , a 22 % increase from a year earlier . 
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year . 
The tender offer for Gen-Probe 's shares is expected to begin next Monday , the company said . 
The board increased by one to 26 members . 
Mr. Downey 's previous show , a one-hour shout fest , syndciated by MCA Inc. and produced by Quantum Media Inc. , was canceled in July after advertisers and stations abandoned it . 
Alongside such long-familiar names as Chevrolet , Ford and Dodge are nameplates that did n't exist until three years ago : Acura , Sterling , Hyundai . 
He concedes H&R Block is `` well-entrenched '' and `` a great company , '' but says `` it does n't grow fast enough for us . 
`` We did n't take part in a lot of deals '' in the quarter `` because their credit quality was poor , '' the spokesman said . 
Revenue slipped 0.7 % to $ 395.3 million from $ 398.3 million . 
For fiscal 1988 , Ashland had net of $ 224 million , or $ 4.01 a share , on revenue of $ 7.8 billion . 
With only small help from the government , these start-up concerns are trying to compete with the Goliaths of the Japanese consumer electronics industry , which enjoy considerable backing from the Japanese government . 
During the past year , Wang has developed new products and a new strategy and hired a new president . 
American Cyanamid Co. -- 1,250,000 common shares , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
It has n't diversified beyond steel , nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks . 
Shearson 's application is the first since the Taiwan Securities and Exchange Commission announced June 21 that it would allow foreign brokerage firms to do business in that country . 
Japanese banks accounted for 50 % of the NWA bank debt , according to a report by Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner . 
-- Joshua Adams . 
Imagine a widow who wants to maintain her standard of living at the same level she had before she had to pay the catastrophic surtax . 
Pretax profit is expected to increase 18 % to 22 billion yen and net income is expected to rise 53 % to 10.5 billion yen . 
`` Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous '' may be visiting some new venues in the near future . 
This pill automatically expires after three years unless continued by a vote of the shareholders . 
For example , he says that since 1985 , he and Mr. Peters have developed over 85 movie projects , and Warner has `` passed '' or chosen not to produce at least 76 . 
From its peak in 1972 of $ 198.41 , the average American weekly wage had fallen to $ 169.28 in 1987 -- both figures being expressed in 1977 dollars . 
To help do this , Mr. Palmer developed a portable massage chair three years ago that he hopes will bring `` structured touching '' into mainstream America . 
The latest rebate is good for all Beretta models . 
`` You do n't want to lose the magic '' of the company 's creative drive . 
West German government officials and Western analysts are doubtful . 
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . '' 
An important part of my effort has been to understand the science so I can explain it to corporate colleagues facing major changes in product design . 
None of the firms reported any major damage to facilities as a result of the quake . 
Nokia said it will gain control over NKF Kabel by buying 51 % of the shares in NKF Holding N.V. , which owns NKF Kabel . 
The benchmark 7 % bond due October 1999 fell 0.20 point to 99.80 to yield 7.03 % , while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 fell 0.10 to 97.65 to yield 7.34 % . 
Although the dollar rose slightly against most major currencies , the focus in currency markets was on the beleaguered British pound , which gained slightly against the dollar . 
Dow will own 60 % of the venture , with Eli Lilly holding the rest . 
Mr. Downey said he is not going to change his style , which some critics said was flamboyant and others deemed offensive . 
Jason Overseas Ltd. , proposed offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney & Co. and Mabon Nugent & Co . 
`` Our { computer } model has a certain trigger point , '' he said . 
About 1.1 million Class C warrants were issued , the company said . 
Issues typically come with `` credit enhancements , '' such as a bank letter of credit , and thus have received high credit ratings . 
What 's more , the takeover occurred as natural-gas prices were falling and just as Texas Oil & Gas reported its first annual loss in 28 years . 
TW 's pitch was that sales and earnings at its restaurants have risen steadily and that people wo n't stop eating during a downturn . 
But other analysts contend that while the Fed 's move to loosen credit has n't been aggressive , it nevertheless sends a clear signal that , at least for now , the Fed has relaxed its grip on credit . 
In 1988 , the company earned $ 1.38 a share . 
Mr. Engelken , now a transit-association executive in Washington , D.C. , and Mr. Thomson , a paper-products salesman in Montvale , N.J. , had n't even talked to each other . 
`` There 's quite a bit of value left in the { Jaguar } shares here even though they have run up '' lately , says Doug Johnson , a fund manager for Seattle-based Safeco Asset Management . 
So , according to a Dun & Bradstreet Corp. survey , companies that had been refusing to spend even their very conservative budgets may loosen up before year end . 
He sipped tea sweetened with honey from his high-backed leather chair at his bench , while scribbling notes ordering spectators to stop whispering or to take off their hats in his courtroom . 
He also has kept a close wrap on the names of people under consideration for the crucial post of enforcement director at the commission , a job vacant since the summer . 
The takeover-stock traders were hoping that Mr. Davis or one of the other interested parties might re-emerge with the situation in disarray , or that the board might consider a recapitalization . 
Earlier this year , the U.S. complained that Japan 's supercomputer makers were effectively closing out foreign competitors by slashing prices as much as 90 % for universities . 
For the nine months , Georgia-Pacific 's earnings increased 49 % to $ 504 million , or $ 5.58 a share , from $ 338 million , or $ 3.41 a share . 
Conner also makes hard-disk drives for desktop computers and is a major supplier to Compaq , which as of July owned 40 % of Conner 's stock . 
Larsen & Toubro started accepting applications for its giant issue earlier this month ; bankers and analysts expect it to be oversubscribed . 
Southam said the level of future investment required by the paper would have restricted its options in other areas . 
Kellogg is based in Battle Creek , Mich. , a city that calls itself the breakfast capital of the world . 
It just is n't done . 
The average yield on the bills was 7.35 % , down from 7.61 % at the previous 52-week bill auction Sept. 21 . 
Yesterday 's explosions were the second round in two months at the plastics plant . 
`` We expect a big market in the future , so in the long term it will be profitable . 
The tribunal is scheduled to rule on the request Friday . 
The package helps carriers solve pricing problems , such as how to react to discounts offered by competitors or what would be the optimum number of seats to offer at a given price . 
Scientists also are exploring memory and perception with the new machines . 
The airline also named Mickey Foret as president . 
The trial of Raful Edmond III in Washington serves to highlight our efforts in this area and the results achieved through our excellent working relationship with the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Metropolitan Police Department ( MPD ) . 
He seeks damages from the company 's 15 directors on grounds that they either `` participated in or condoned the illegal acts ... or utterly failed to carry out their duties as directors . '' 
He argued that the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know `` precisely when and where any trading interruptions will occur and how long they will last . '' 
Before becoming self-employed , or setting up a cooperative , workers must seek permission from the local soviet ( council ) . 
`` We went to six companies over two days pitching the prospect , '' says Tim Parker , a Santa Fe exploration manager . 
For some patients , AZT has restored the ability to ride a bicycle or solve puzzles , giving back a piece of their childhood if only temporarily . 
Merck 's profit climbed 25 % , Warner-Lambert 's 22 % and Eli Lilly 's 24 % . 
The boys with the white elephants on their sleeves might not have made the earth move much , but they certainly did some impressive things with baseballs . 
Gillette South Africa employs about 250 people . 
Their visa came in relatively short order , and they moved to Los Angeles . 
In an Oct. 19 review of `` The Misanthrope '' at Chicago 's Goodman Theatre ( `` Revitalized Classics Take the Stage in Windy City , '' Leisure & Arts ) , the role of Celimene , played by Kim Cattrall , was mistakenly attributed to Christina Haag . 
Anheuser-Busch announced its plan at the same time it reported third-quarter net income rose a lower-than-anticipated 5.2 % to $ 238.3 million , or 83 cents a share , from $ 226.5 million , or 78 cents . 
Walter Litvinchuk , vice president of Pan-Alberta Gas Ltd. , a Calgary-based gas marketing concern , said the industry will welcome the move . 
Some , however , lowered yields significantly . 
The commission 's filing in that case challenges Connecticut 's mandatory retirement age of 70 for appointed judges . 
One of its power generators was damaged , though the company said there wo n't be any financial impact . 
Much of the moderation came from declining energy prices , which have since turned up a bit , analysts said . 
If it had been , he mighta hit it out . '' 
Westinghouse expects operating margins of over 10 % and sharply higher earnings per share next year due to a major restructuring . 
Rival Boston Herald columnist Howie Carr , who usually rails at Statehouse `` hacks '' and nepotism , argued that the new drawings were designed to hide Mr. Madden 's `` rapidly growing forehead '' and the facial defects of `` chinless '' Dan Shaughnessy , a Globe sports columnist . 
Research does n't tell us whether people actually do read the magazines they subscribe to . '' 
`` Buy stocks on weakness for their long-term fundamentals , '' he says . 
`` The biographer\/critic , '' Judge Leval wrote , `` should not be required simply to express ... conclusions without defending them by example . 
The `` Jiotto Caspita '' can run at over 188 miles an hour , a company spokesman said . 
( The press had a field day with questions about what would happen to `` six-footer , '' `` yardstick '' and `` inchworm . '' ) 
They discourage prosecutors , under certain circumstances , from seeking court orders seizing the assets of racketeering defendants prior to trial . 
Limited volume ahead of the September trade data showed the market is nervous , but dealers added that the day 's modest gains also signaled some support for London equities . 
New York Stock Exchange volume was a heavy 224,070,000 shares . 
On the Big Board , Crawford & Co. , Atlanta , ( CFD ) begins trading today . 
But many owners plan to practice frugality -- crossing out the old code and writing in the new one until their stock runs out . 
Turkey in any event is long past it . 
The trust , created as part of Manville 's bankruptcy-law reorganization to compensate victims of asbestos-related diseases , owns 7.2 million of the Series A convertible preferred shares , which are each convertible into 10 Manville common shares . 
Steven F. Kaplan was named a senior vice president of this graphics equipment company . 
Britain 's House of Commons passed a law that will force English soccer fans to carry identity cards to enter stadiums . 
Two of the major ways that tax-writers managed to attain these ends were to scrap the preferential treatment of capital gains and to curtail the use of paper losses , also known as passive losses , that made many tax shelters possible . 
Dissident playwright Vaclav Havel reportedly escaped the crackdown , the fourth against activists in recent days . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Shaw 's shares closed ex-dividend at $ 26.125 , up $ 2.25 . 
Frederick W. Lang , 65 years old , the founder of this software services concern , was elected to the new post of chairman . 
-- Pat D'Amico . 
Stop orders are sometimes called `` stop-loss '' orders because they are frequently used to protect profits or limit losses . 
But lawyers said Mr. Steinberg probably faced much more potential liability because , when he sued Disney during his takeover battle , he filed on behalf of all shareholders . 
The comptroller 's office eventually extended the deadline to six months but broadened its demands , ordering that the `` book value of the collection { be } reduced to zero . '' 
It is an admirable public relations program initiated by a single political leader during a four-year blink of history . 
But others say junk-holders have nothing to gain by putting SCI TV into bankruptcy-law proceedings . 
New construction contracts rose 8 % in September , led by commercial , industrial and public-works projects , according to F.W. Dodge Group . 
`` Bally was not an unfriendly takeover , '' he insists . 
Sales by category rose 24 % to 35.23 billion yen , reflecting increased production in automobile , airconditioner and electric machine industries , which are major users of wire and cable products . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. was awarded an $ 11.5 million Navy contract for oceanographic services . 
Those implications include : -- Privatization . 
The newly merged company will have 165 branches in Puerto Rico and 27 branches outside of the island . 
Under this legislation , a woman must be informed 24 hours before the operation of the details of the procedure and its risks . 
Echoing a phrase from Mr. de Klerk , Mr. Sisulu said , `` Let all of us who love this country engage in the task of building a new South Africa . 
The provisions , in deficit-reduction bills recently passed by the House and Senate , could raise the price tags of such deals by up to 10 % and cool the takeover boom . 
Polyurethane foam is a highly efficient insulator , which accounts for why the walls of refrigerators and freezers can be thinner now than they were back in the days when they were insulated with glass fiber . 
Computer Associates International Inc. , Garden City , N.Y. , and Digital Equipment Corp. said they agreed to jointly develop software to help manage Digital 's Vax computers . 
Mr. Kaplan , author of `` Surrender or Starve : The Wars Behind the Famine '' ( Westview Press , 1988 ) , lives in Lisbon . 
The underlying bill approved yesterday is required to keep the government operating past midnight tonight , and this urgency has contributed to the speed -- and , critics say , mistakes -- that have accompanied the package of disaster assistance . 
Backup computer tapes were hand-carried to an IBM office in Philadelphia , and the company expects its mainframe to be up in a few days . 
CNBC is available to 13 million cable households . 
That 's politics . 
Investment bankers familiar with the company said Goodson is seeking a new bank credit line of $ 190 million and may have to sell additional newspapers . 
JCKC : 
The Beebes have not yet decided whether to appeal . 
`` It 's not as if we 're teaching language per se , '' he says , `` We 're just using it . '' 
He admits that he has n't had much luck generating free publicity for his contest . 
We have as much nostalgia as anyone for those leafy , breezy days in Washington when honorable men and women dickered over budgets and even log-rolled a bit to see that the bridges got build , roads paved , soldiers paid or that the desperately poor were cared for . 
Yesterday 's closing price of $ 101.75 , down 50 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , puts the stock at about 1 1\/2 times book value , which is as low as it has sunk over the past decade . 
What is of much more importance to the Colombian economy than the supposed benefits of laundered drug money is higher prices for Colombia 's legitimate products . 
Through the first nine months , the company had a loss of $ 484 million , largely reflecting the closing of its supercomputer unit . 
Still , Vista officials realize they 're relatively fortunate . 
Last year , 45,000 went . 
The company has long struggled to deliver a strong mainframe-class product , and made a costly decision in 1988 to halt development of an interim product meant to stem the revenue losses at the high end . 
Fair officials say that 21,000 guests visited during the first five days , a 10 % drop from the spring exhibition . 
HONECKER WAS OUSTED as leader of East Germany amid growing unrest . 
Anne Burford , the former EPA chief who resigned under fire in 1983 during a flap with Congress , was kayoed in the confrontation , even though she was never charged with official wrondgoing . 
In the outfield , Paul Blair , the Orioles ' eight-time Gold Glove winner , elegantly shags a fly . 
In fact , last Friday 's 190.58-point tumble in the stock market caught many people and businesses by surprise , not the least of them brokerage firms such as Shearson that print their weekly market commentaries on Fridays for dissemination the following week . 
Finnair would receive SAS shares valued at the same amount , officials said . 
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more . 
In 1986 , in another consent agreement with the SEC , Mr. Holmes was enjoined from violating the stock-registration and anti-fraud provisions of the securities laws . 
Every time he sees me , he gets very nervous . '' 
Mr. Mingo was chief executive officer of the Mingo Group , which he founded in 1977 and which created ads for the black market . 
The accusations of lying and duplicity are flying thick and fast on both sides : As one Sony executive puts it , `` It 's World War III . '' 
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy . 
The White Sands missile range and CIA contractor Mitre Inc. were among the targets . 
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country . 
Lloyd 's said it expects to enact new rules mandating the changes by year end . 
But the Reserve Fund , America 's first money fund , was not named , nor were the creators of the money-fund concept , Harry Brown and myself . 
The country abandoned its former devotion to socialist unity and took to insisting instead that each country in the bloc ought to travel its own road . 
Now , neither side -- the U.S. nor Mr. Noriega -- has an easy out . 
But Digital 's move into mainframes will target IBM 's home turf , where it has a commanding 70 % share of the market . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Monday , gold was quoted at $ 378.87 an ounce . 
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 . 
One large competitor after another is leaping into the booming market Specialized helped create , turning out mountain bikes with such well-known names as Schwinn , Peugeot , Raleigh and Nishiki . 
The nations of southern Africa know a lot about managing elephants ; their herds are thriving . 
But the MGM plan collapsed just two weeks later . 
President Bush in June vetoed a measure passed by Congress and said he would n't accept any minimum-wage rise that went beyond limits he set early in this year 's debate on the issue . 
Faced with another Mr. Honecker , so many despairing East Germans are likely to flee that the two German peoples will get their reunification , de facto , on West German ground . 
The company has consistently earned more than a 20 % annual return on its net worth while many companies would be happy with 15 % . 
Nevertheless , on Capitol Hill , where the information was released yesterday at a Senate banking subcommittee hearing , lawmakers said they are worried that financial institutions are routinely discriminating against minorities . 
`` We said : ` We 've got a product : if you want it , you can buy it , ' '' he says , adding : `` Now we 're figuring out what people need , and are going back to make it . '' 
Sharp says the set of chips could improve fax machines , graphics computers or identification systems that recognize facial features ... . 
The deepening bloodbath for takeover-stock traders , who by then had seen UAL stock tumble 49 % since Oct. 12 , also triggered a marketwide sell-off that sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average down more than 80 points at 10:40 a.m . 
The market also shrugged off positive factors , such as higher bond prices and a slowdown in monetary growth in September , traders said . 
Most National Council members are themselves disabled or are parents of children with disabilities . 
Also excluded will be investments in companies with `` significant '' business stemming from weapons manufacture , alcoholic beverages or tobacco . 
Most have read the pre-trial documents , however , and estimate Kodak will be ordered to pay $ 1 billion to $ 1.5 billion for infringing on seven Polaroid patents . 
Otherwise , the scene remained Celimene 's house in 1666 . 
In a statement , Ralph S. Larsen , chairman and chief executive officer , said the company was pleased with its third-quarter sales performance , `` especially in light of the extremely competitive environment in domestic consumer markets and the negative impact of unfavorable exchange rates this quarter . '' 
Mellon has 36.6 million shares outstanding . 
Revenue rose 7.6 % to $ 12.97 billion from $ 12.05 billion . 
Eventually viewers may grow bored with the technology and resent the cost . 
Though obscure to most investors , the question of whether to list options on more than one exchange has aroused much interest in Congress , mainly because regional exchanges fear the change could bankrupt them . 
Investors have gotten burned on silver so often that they are far more partial to gold , says Urs Seiler , senior vice president at Union Bank of Switzerland . 
How does a community famous for its high living end up as a haven for low-lifes ? 
The company 's current management found itself `` locked into this , '' he said . 
So owners have developed a `` code of ethics , '' outlining rules for consultants and agents , and disclosure of fees and any conflicts of interest . 
Chickens carry this bacteria , which can cause upset stomachs and , in rare cases , death among people . 
Sentiment was helped by the small gain made by New York stocks Wednesday despite anxiety over possible effects of the major earthquake that struck northern California Tuesday . 
`` The only way to reduce the costs is to say we do n't want to pay the bill , '' said Rep. Neal Smith ( D. , Iowa ) , who taunted President Bush 's party to back up his campaign promise of supporting the claims of $ 20,000 per individual . 
Westamerica has about $ 1.3 billion of assets and is the largest independent bank in northern California . 
The World Psychiatric Association voted at an Athens parley to conditionally readmit the Soviet Union . 
`` Caution should ... be the rule of the day , '' said Mr. Leigh-Pemberton in a speech to the Association of Corporate Treasurers ' annual dinner . 
Any hotel-casino without a strong identity will get whacked by the new competition , says Glenn Schaeffer , senior vice president of Circus Circus . 
One obstacle to the pilots ' finding such a huge amount of cash is their insistence on majority ownership . 
IBM 's visits to the debt market are closely watched by treasurers at other corporations and by credit market analysts . 
Overall , the portfolio narrowed its quarterly loss to $ 70 million from $ 80 million a year earlier . 
Terms have n't been finalized , but the transaction is expected to close by year end , Pacific First said . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
When Poland moves to reform , it can at least lean on its past : However flawed and short-lived Joseph Pilsudski 's interwar republic , it was a nonsocialist democracy . 
The United spokesman said none of its people were injured at the airport ; in fact , as the airport was being evacuated Tuesday night , two babies were born . 
OPPENHEIMER CAPITAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP increased the quarterly distribution to 40 cents a limited partnership unit from 36.25 cents . 
The United Kingdom carrier had planned the issue to help finance its $ 750 million purchase of a 15 % stake in UAL . 
Cray Research Inc. won government clearance for its proposed reorganization of founder Seymour Cray 's supercomputer design team into a separate company . 
The company said it currently holds about 4.2 million of Innopac 's 13.8 million common shares outstanding , which have an aggregate market value of about 137.8 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 117.3 million ) . 
As the building 's new owner , Chase will have its work cut out for it . 
Profit was $ 5.2 million , compared with $ 1 million for the year-ago quarter . 
Rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Investors and traders in Pacific exchange options `` are protected to the extent that they can convert their put and call options into the underlying instrument , '' Mr. Luthringshausen said . 
Of course , that is n't really the case . 
Scientists are mistaken who still think that the anti-science movement in this country is n't their concern or that a David Baltimore could have somehow placated a John Dingell . 
Mr. Sugarman called the lawsuit `` not nice '' and said his group will continue to push for control of the company and the removal of certain directors . 
Royal , which makes and distributes business forms , owns an 8 % stake in Realist . 
`` Confidence was starting to come back because we did n't have wildly volatile days , '' says Tyler Jenks , research director for Kanon Bloch Carre & Co. , a Boston research firm . 
Sulzer preferred him to financier Tito Tettamanti , whose secretive raid on the company 's stock had led to a bitter battle . 
Mr. Miller said costs of incentives caused a `` moderate '' loss in the Highland Park , Mich. , company 's North American car and truck business . 
Foreign Bonds 
I have a question for Mr. Laband : How do I explain to the single mother of three standing in line next to me for the past three hours that the two bags of ice she needs to keep her children 's food edible will take her last $ 20 ? 
He was sentenced to 500 hours of community service and restitution to the museum of $ 45,000 . 
The Senate , 84-6 , voted to increase to $ 124,000 the ceiling on insured mortgages from the FHA , which lost $ 4.2 billion in loan defaults last year . 
SciMed Life Systems Inc. , Minneapolis , said a federal appeals court vacated an earlier summary judgment in its favor . 
Merrill Lynch & Co. -- $ 200 million of 8.4 % notes due Nov. 1 , 2019 , priced at 99.771 to yield 8.457 % . 
While the airport was closed , flights were diverted to airports in Sacramento and Stockton , Calif. ; Reno and Las Vegas , Nev. ; and Los Angeles . 
Although lung-cancer mortality rates are increasing for the nation as a whole , the report projects that death rates will begin to decline in the 1990s for men and after the year 2000 for women . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Green said he had boosted his holdings in Bancroft common to 10.4 % from 8.5 % , and renewed an offer he made in March to acquire the fund . 
The yield on six-month Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction , for example , was just 7.77 % . 
They want to do more . 
Last week 's output fell 1.7 % from the 1,848,000 tons produced a year earlier . 
The new structure would be similar to a recapitalization in which holders get a special dividend yet retain a controlling ownership interest . 
It also would have reduced mandatory overtime . 
Its ratio of tangible equity to total assets as of Sept. 30 was 3.6 % , and total equity was $ 457.9 million . 
`` Developers are teaming up with institutions often acting as project managers , '' says Smedes York , ULI president and president of York Properties Inc. , of Raleigh , N.C . 
The Japanese company received orders totaling 12.44 billion yen ( $ 87.9 million ) from its U.S. business activities during the fiscal year ended in March . 
`` I told him to make Mitchell reach for everything , and that 's what we did . 
`` The American proposal is not an adequate basis for negotiation , '' the EC said in a statement . 
Compound annual returns , including price changes and income from interest and dividends 
But Ms. Bertussi asked , `` Who in their right mind is going to file another complaint with the Ethics Committee ? '' 
But the Fed is n't enthusiastic about Treasury efforts to bring down the value of the dollar through intervention in foreign-exchange markets , and the Treasury is frustrated at the Fed 's reluctance to cut interest rates to pull down the dollar 's value . 
The Japanese discount rate is the central bank 's base rate on loans to commercial banks . 
But experts caution that this is n't a game for anyone with a weak stomach or wallet . 
`` The last two months have been the whole ball game , '' says Steven Norwitz , a vice president . 
The last U.S. congressional authorization , in 1983 , was a political donnybrook and carried a $ 6 billion housing program along with it to secure adequate votes . 
News programs , particularly if they score well in the ratings , appeal to the networks ' cost-conscious corporate parents because they are so much less expensive to produce than an entertainment show is -- somewhere between $ 400,000 and $ 500,000 for a one-hour program . 
The balance-sheet detail was opposed by many banks and thrifts that felt the cost of supplying such data was n't worth the value of the disclosures . 
`` I understand the firm 's enthusiasm in getting the deal , but such a large company would have been better off showing a little more discretion . '' 
He also noted that stocks on Aug. 1 , 1990 , are currently projected at 3.3 million bales , the smallest end-of-season supply since 1985 . 
U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % , led by allergy , asthma and cold products ; dermatological products ; anti-infectives and anti-cancer products ; and cardiovascular products . 
Just because Stamford , Conn. , High School did nothing when its valuable 1930s mural was thrown in the trash does n't mean the city no longer owns the work of art , a federal judge ruled . 
When , however , Claudio 's sister , Isabella , a novitiate in a convent , goes to Angelo to plead her brother 's case , the obdurate ruler immediately falls in love with her and , in a supreme act of hypocrisy , demands that Isabella yield up her virtue to him in exchange for her brother 's life . 
`` It 's a seller 's market , '' said Mr. Snedeker of the reinsurance market right now . 
Its stock , at 9 5\/8 , trades at about 8 1\/2 times estimated 1989 earnings -- an appropriately low multiple for a company with recession-sensitive customers . 
Mr. Schantz was vice president and chief operating officer of the Acrylic division of Polycast Technology Corp . 
Show it 's business as usual . '' 
But the company said that trend was offset in the first quarter by better economies of scale and efficiencies in manufacturing . 
It showed the DJIA up 30 points . 
But most businesses in the Bay area , including Silicon Valley , were n't greatly affected . 
Prices fell through levels regarded as important support areas , which added to the selling . 
But he said it wo n't climb further and he expects it to remain in a trading range between $ 1.10 and $ 1.25 . 
Scenario 3 , the `` Current Dollar Freeze , '' has been the approximate position of the House of Representatives for about four years . 
At a time when foreign banks are pouring vast resources and personnel into West Germany 's financial center , the opening of a three-man office on a Frankfurt side street should n't attract much attention . 
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material . 
`` Just because we 've got some realism back in the market does n't mean it 's going lower from here , '' he says . 
Neither testified at the previous trials . 
What complicates the scene in Cambodia is that the current regime is already communist , as are its Vietnamese overseers back in Hanoi , as are the Khmer Rouge -- who are the strongest of the three guerrilla groups . 
Mr. Skase 's statement cited four recent problems that he said had cut group cash flow by more than A$ 200 million . 
Cincinnati Microwave Inc. said it introduced two radar detectors . 
And Judge Newman , a former patent lawyer , wrote in her dissent when the court denied a motion for a rehearing of the case by the full court , `` The panel 's judicial legislation has affected an important high-technological industry , without regard to the consequences for research and innovation or the public interest . '' 
Rohm & Haas , which plans to start operating seven new production units this year , attributed the profit slide partly to higher start-up expense . 
ABC 's baseball experience may be of interest to CBS Inc. , which next season takes over the broadcasting of all baseball playoffs in a four-year television contract priced at $ 1.06 billion . 
ABM will also increase its stake in Sonora Gold Corp. to 42 % from 26 % . 
And , in a sense , that 's the kind of task individuals face in deciding what to do about stocks -- the mainstay of most serious investors ' portfolios . 
But Mr. Wathen 's team still must pay down about $ 82 million of long-term bank debt from the acquisition within the next four years . 
`` But it 's risky , '' he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure . 
But Mr. Lesko 's staff is beginning to wonder whether there is n't some larger phenomenon foiling the contest . 
Old Stone fell 1 5\/8 to 13 1\/2 . 
Going into the 1990s , the GOP is paying a price for the same conservative social agenda that it used to torment Democrats in the past . 
In Geneva , where world trade talks are being held under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade , or GATT , the European Community called the U.S. proposal `` a step backward . '' 
The Conner team wo n't be able to negotiate with corporate sponsors until the suit is resolved and the race site is determined , Mr. Smith said , and the syndicate 's budget could easily reach $ 30 million . 
Government officials who are urging real-estate reforms balk at the arguments of business leaders and chafe at their pressure . 
And , all the while , Panama 's debt problems continued to grow . 
First , the somewhat affected idealism of the 1960s . 
`` I think that 's the first nonstop commercial passenger flight from Japan to land here , '' an airport spokesman said . 
Lilly officials said they had seen reports of hypoglycemic unawareness among some patients making the shift from animal to human insulin , but did n't know if the problem had caused any deaths . 
United Fruit was one of the two largest contributors to Panama 's national income . 
In an era of ` sound bites ' and instant opinion polls it is dangerous to apply broad labels to a single term . 
The Canadian government introduced in the House of Commons legislation to extend federal regulatory authority over provincial government-owned telephone utilities in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba . 
How difficult it is for a thinking person to live among societies rooted in the past . 
That should happen by today , he said . 
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti-takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions . 
The results roughly matched estimates of securities analysts , who were encouraged by AT&T increasing its operating margin to 13 % from 11 % a year ago , because of continued cost-cutting efforts . 
A university student got eight years for participating in the rallies , sources in Beijing said , while an 18-year-old worker got 10 years . 
`` If they had this much trouble with Chicago & North Western , they are going to have an awful time with the rest . '' 
But with every step I take , I 'm building wealth . 
Of his successes in Washington , Mr. Bennett stressed that existing federal prisons have taken custody of 375 local inmates . 
Until his labor can produce a profit in this dying and distorted system , even Solidarity 's sympathetic new government wo n't win him over . 
Asked about the consultants ' reports , an Eastern spokeswoman said `` we totally disagree . '' 
`` They always listened , but they never acted , '' Mr. Guber says . 
D&B defines a business failure as a company that closes with losses to creditors . 
However , when powerful forces start shaking the market 's structure , the more `` earthquake-resistant '' it is , the better its chance for survival . 
The first program scheduled in the joint venture is `` The 1990 Homeowner 's Guide . '' 
But for us in Western Europe , these are Europeans next door . '' 
Since gold tends to soar when inflation is high , that finding suggests that people believe inflation remains under control . 
It also will buy about $ 91.7 million of assets , and the FDIC will advance $ 31.8 million to the assuming bank . 
That will mark the second consecutive quarterly loss for Commodore and will raise additional questions about whether it can sustain the turnaround it had seemed to be engineering . 
Kevin Logan , chief economist with the Swiss Bank Corp. , said that both PPI and CPI climbed around 4 1\/2 % year-to-year in September . 
Declining issues on the Big Board were far ahead of gainers , 1,108 to 416 . 
Investigators have been trying to determine whether the crash was an accident , sabotage or suicide . 
The heightened competition will hit IBM at a difficult time . 
Moreover , sports is hardly the best way to lure adult women . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.62 % . 
The 1974 budget `` reform , '' passed over President Nixon 's veto , took away the presidential impoundment power , thereby introducing monstrous CRs and eviscerating the presidential veto . 
The Consumer News and Business Channel cable network and U.S. News & World Report have formed a joint venture to produce cable program versions of special issues of the magazine . 
Mr. Cockburn is a columnist for The Nation and LA Weekly . 
`` The Americans have left him without a way out . 
The Illinois Attorney General won a court order to prevent the couple from raising further funds without MADD 's permission . 
He was succeeded by John Major , who Friday expressed a desire for a firm pound and supported the relatively high British interest rates that he said `` are working exactly as intended '' in reducing inflation . 
In the current-coupon sector , a shift in the Treasury yield curve resulting from the better performance of long-dated issues over short-dated securities hurt major coupons because it will become more difficult to structure new derivative securities offerings . 
Exxon will use a Parker Drilling Co. rig built in 1981 that can go down 9 1\/2 miles . 
Nissan , in a 34-page tract , modestly compares its `` hydraulic active suspension '' to a cheetah , and equates the various parts to the animal 's heart , brain , nerves and blood vessels . 
Agreement on these points is a long way from a specific program , and nobody expects the U.S. to rush toward radical restructuring of the health-care system . 
When I asked American Airlines for its side of the story for use in my MBA class , where I teach business ethics , it did not respond . 
By a lopsided 97-1 margin , the Senate approved the measure after attaching further provisions sought by the influential California delegation and , despite reservations , the House adopted the bill on a 303-107 roll call . 
The Hackensack , N.J. , company said holders would receive for each $ 1,000 face amount , $ 750 face amount of a new issue of secured senior subordinated notes , convertible into common stock at an initial rate of $ 6.50 a share , and 50 common shares . 
Revenue rose 3 % to $ 9 million from $ 8.8 million . 
Campbell Soup Co. , for one , has concluded that it makes good sense to focus more on its most loyal customers than on people who buy competitive brands . 
Homestake Mining Co. , San Francisco , blamed the continued slump in gold prices for an 83 % plunge in third-quarter net income to $ 2 million , or two cents a share , from $ 11.2 million , or 12 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Mr. Roman comes across as a low-key executive ; Mr. Phillips has a flashier personality . 
Broader averages also fell . 
Call it a fad . 
`` All these interconnected computers make it difficult to sort out what 's junk and what 's important , '' says Chuck Digate , a former Lotus Development executive who has started a new company to cope with the problem . 
Now , with the opening of Maxim Gorky 's bourgeois-bashing `` Summerfolk , '' Ms. Bogart has laid her cards on the table . 
Pinnacle West Capital , whose earnings have been hurt by continued problems at its MeraBank unit , fell 1 5\/8 to 9 1\/8 on 2.1 million shares to lead the Big Board 's list of most active issues . 
Results for the 1988 quarter included a gain of $ 1.05 a share from sale of the Reda Pump and Oilwell Cable units , partly offset by a charge of 69 cents a share for recall of faulty truck steering systems . 
`` Those devices do n't give sufficient certainty to our bosses in Japan , '' says Yasuo Nakamura , representative of the Industrial Bank of Japan . 
Yesterday 's 88-point recovery from Friday 's megadrop in the Dow Jones industrials had many brokerage houses proclaiming that stocks are a good bargain again . 
Surplus power would be sold on the open market , Enron said . 
But traders said the market 's tone could pick up this week if New York City 's $ 787 million bond offering goes well . 
Ducks are this season 's word for new taxes , under OMB Director Richard Darman 's formulation that `` if it looks like a duck , walks like a duck and quacks like a duck , it 's a duck . '' 
It could work . 
Mr. Dorfman provides confirming evidence of this phenomenon when he reports that your staff of dart throwers would have accumulated only $ 112,383 by randomly selecting four new stocks to be held in a portfolio each month . 
One East Coast manufacturing executive , faced with a job transfer his wife resented , found that counseling helped them both come to grips with the move . 
On leasing , Bob Djurdjevic at Annex Research said he thinks IBM has hurt itself unnecessarily . 
Such support usually comes from arbitragers who use a strong British pound to buy copper in New York . 
MARK RESOURCES INC. , Calgary , Alberta , said it agreed to sell 75 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 63.9 million ) of 8 % convertible debentures to a group of securities dealers . 
Separately , Gillette said its third-quarter earnings rose 2 % to $ 65.2 million , or 57 cents a share , from $ 63.9 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period ; per-share earnings remained flat despite an increase in net income in part because the company paid a $ 10.4 million dividend on the new preferred stock in the period . 
( The lobby says no again . ) 
`` We recognized the problem and took care of it . '' 
The mines produced a total of 110,000 tons of copper in 1988 . 
SCI TV 's grace period for paying its bills is due to expire Nov. 16 . 
Several big mutual fund groups said last week that cash flows into stock funds were heavier than usual after heavy outflows on the 13th . 
In the cornucopia of go-go apples , the Fuji 's track record stands out : During the past 15 years , it has gone from almost zilch to some 50 % of Japan 's market . 
Other lenders have been recovering only 50 cents to 60 cents on the dollar on foreclosed Arizona property , if they can sell it at all . 
An S&P rating of double-A-plus has already been confirmed . 
The traffic jam out of the park was monumental . 
Its stake includes 106,100 shares bought in the open market from Aug. 30 to Oct. 18 for $ 10.375 to $ 12.125 a share . 
Not a lot was needed to be done . 
Leslie Falls Humphries 
And now , at the crucial moment , he 's running out of money . 
A Japan Air Lines spokesman said its flights into and out of San Francisco were n't affected , but getting information about its operations was difficult . 
He insisted , as he has before , that creditors would be paid in full under the plan . 
While such changes might sound minor , they are n't : Merrill Lynch manages or oversees some $ 300 billion in retail accounts that include everything from mutual funds to individual annuities . 
And while last week the agency hired a top Chiat\/Day\/Mojo executive , Bill Hamilton , to try to bolster its work , `` Graham has to get the revenue of that New York office moving , '' says James Dougherty , an analyst with County NatWest Securities . 
He suspects some insurers who had purchased reinsurance to limit their exposure to catastrophes will discover that reinsurance was used up by Hurricane Hugo . 
They are still being sold , but more and more often as `` direct investments '' -- with all the same risks they had under the old label . 
His melodious `` Confutatis '' was smoothly sung by bass Brian Matthews . 
In early trading , investors were bidding bond prices higher as stocks tumbled and fears mounted that Friday 's stock market debacle would be repeated . 
Belo said it increased its effective tax rate to 52 % from 47 % to account for potential liabilities related to an Internal Revenue Service investigation of its tax returns for the years 1984 through 1988 . 
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours . 
Skoal Daze 
4:30 a.m . 
Under the plan , Costa Rica will buy back roughly 60 % of its bank debt outstanding at a deeply discounted price , according to officials involved in the agreement . 
Recently , Japan has been buying copper elsewhere . 
`` It 's hard to know if people are responding truthfully . 
And by the early 1980s U.S. capitalists had ample reason to welcome junk bonds , to look the other way . 
China-bound freight streams through the territory 's port . 
It 's like doing a documentary on apartheid and insisting that equal time be given to how terrific white South Africans are . 
`` If the two sides are n't careful , U.S.-China ties could spin downward , out of control , '' says a U.S. official in Beijing . 
Nissan instead has kept its new Stanza a bit smaller than that and cut the base price 6 % ; at $ 11,450 , Stanza prices start $ 749 below the predecessor model yet have a more-powerful engine . 
In 1987 , China exported 65 million pounds of mushrooms , valued at $ 47 million , to the U.S. . 
`` The only question is , how deep is it going to be ? 
The company said the latest quarter included about $ 3.4 million in special legal and financial advisory costs related to McCaw Cellular Communications ' bid for the company and LIN 's merger pact with BellSouth . 
Mr. Dinkins , the Manhattan borough president , can afford more bumbling and stumbling because he holds a comfortable 20-point lead in most of the public-opinion polls . 
Apparel prices rocketed up 1.7 % , but that was after three months of declines . 
Some of the projects being funded by the new issues are the first fruits of Mr. Gandhi 's policy , and they require more capital than the smaller industrial units built in the past . 
On the afternoon of Oct. 17 , after hours of haggling with five insurance-claims adjusters over settling a toxic-waste suit , four lawyers had an agreement in hand . 
When Robert McDuffie was 14 , he got a chance to play in the starting lineup for his high school basketball team in Macon , Ga . 
Great Western , based in Beverly Hills , Calif. , is a financial services firm and parent to Great Western Bank , an S&L . 
Is there any empirical support for this theory ? 
A former chairman of the president 's Council of Economic Advisers , Mr. Stein is an American Enterprise Institute fellow . 
Mr. Ewing is a consultant based in Winchester , Mass. , and author of `` Justice on the Job : Resolving Grievances in the Nonunion Workplace '' ( Harvard Business School Press , 1989 ) . 
In 1988 , it earned $ 2.82 billion Hong Kong ( US$ 361.5 million ) on revenue of HK$ 11.79 billion . 
Takeover stock speculators have incurred paper losses of over $ 700 million from the failed UAL offer , their worst loss ever on a single deal . 
He probably did n't penetrate any top-secret files , but the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates , Peter Carl and Dirk Brezinski , $ 15,000 for some of the material Hess collected . 
With a five-year defense plan costing more than $ 1.6 trillion , it 's about time we put together a defense strategy that works in Washington . 
WHICH IS the best medicine for runaway health costs : competition or regulation ? 
`` I was near the top of the stadium , and saw a steel girder bow six feet from where I sat , but I stayed put for 10 or 15 minutes , '' confessed a friend . 
The city 's mayor vowed to take legal action against developers who had been excavating at the crest of the hill . 
Soybeans averaged $ 5.28 a bushel , down 42 cents from September ; corn averaged $ 2.20 , down seven cents , and sorghum grain averaged $ 3.61 for each hundred pounds , down 19 cents , according to the department . 
Individuals familiar with the negotiations said the partial settlement being negotiated would remove the Boesky partnership , the British fund and Mr. Boesky as defendants , while Drexel and other defendants would remain . 
This trader characterized the recent price action as a contest between the fundamentalists , who see higher prices ahead , and the technicians , who are basically buying cotton toward the bottom of the current trading range , around 71 cents , and selling it when the price climbs more than 74 cents . 
A similar demand was made by a group that represents some of United 's 26,000 noncontract employees . 
In remarks at a White House ceremony marking Polish Heritage Month , Mr. Bush announced that Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter , Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher and Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole will lead the U.S. group . 
Field offices at New Orleans ; Houston ; Denver ; Midland , Tex. ; Bakersfield , Calif. ; Oklahoma City ; and Liberal , Kan. , will be maintained . 
In the last few weeks , Moscow has added FROG-7B missiles , the bomber version of the An-12 , MiG-23BN high-altitude aircraft , MiG-29s , which can outfly Pakistan 's U.S.-built F16s , and Sukhoi SU-27 fighter-bombers , which can outfly the MiG-29s . 
At the same time , though , it must become more structured to better manage its growth . 
Decliners on the Big Board outnumbered advancers , 931 to 658 . 
In addition , he noted , the issue would normally be the type purchased by property and casualty insurers , but recent disasters , such as Hurricane Hugo and the Northern California earthquake , have stretched insurers ' resources and damped their demand for bonds . 
GenProbe had a net loss of $ 9.5 million on revenue of $ 5.8 million . 
But in another sense , the $ 846 million purchase is uncharacteristically nervy , industry analysts say . 
Mr. Lang took on Ms. and Sassy with the acquisition of Matilda Publications Inc. by his newly formed Lang Communications . 
A parliamentary inquiry found in July that more than 70 people living in Britain could have been part of death squads that roamed Nazi-occupied Eastern Europe . 
Last year , the team ended up $ 2 million in the red on $ 30 million in revenue . 
The do-it-yourself show , slated to start airing by June 1990 , marks Sears 's entry into the burgeoning market of home repair television programs and could bolster sales of its home improvement products . 
It might force Congress and the states to narrow the death penalty only to convictions shown to be relatively free of racial imbalance -- murders by repeat offenders who torture their victims , perhaps . 
But that 's for the best horses , with most selling for much less -- as little as $ 100 for some pedestrian thoroughbreds . 
Researchers at Ohio State University and Lanzhou Institute of Glaciology and Geocryology in China have analyzed samples of glacial ice in Tibet and say temperatures there have been significantly higher on average over the past half-century than in any similar period in the past 10,000 years . 
Jerome Kern , Tele-Communications ' chief outside counsel , said he was n't aware of Time 's legal plans . 
Mr. Palmer , who serves as president of the On-Site Massage Association and writes an industry newsletter , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs in the workplace , as well as on street corners , in airports and malls , and at conventions and other gatherings where weary people can be found . 
If you 're like most people , you said it 's a holding that goes completely sour -- maybe a bond that defaults or a stock whose value disappears in a bankruptcy proceeding . 
Business has been good enough that he just took a spur-of-the-moment weekend trip to the mountain area of Cloudcroft , something `` I have n't done in years . '' 
All anyone need do is hang up a shingle and start planning . 
Mr. Wakeman was vice president of the instrument and controls division of closely held Omega Engineering Inc. , another company controlled by Mr. Hollander . 
The two other directors bought 1,000 and 1,900 shares , respectively , at prices between $ 28.15 a share and $ 28.75 a share , filings with the SEC show . 
The allegations , ranging from theft and bribery to coercion and lewdness , paint a disquieting picture . 
In his lifetime , 47 years , the Communists brought electricity to his village and piped in drinking water from the reservoir . 
Still , few investors are able to sit tight when they are convinced a recession is coming . 
They were both hired by Sumner Redstone , the Boston billionaire who took control of Viacom three years ago in a leveraged buy-out . 
Once external conditions , such as U.S. demand , swing in the territory 's favor , they argue , local businessmen will probably overcome their 1997 worries and continue doing business as usual . 
The best team won this Series , which is more unusual than it may sound . 
Last week the company indicated it would cut back on the working capital it would supply to Qintex Entertainment . 
The index , which uses a base of 1981 as 100 , was calculated at 140.91 points in October , from 140.74 in September . 
The debt , estimated at $ 4.7 billion , could mortgage the cellular company 's future earning power in order to placate some LIN holders in the short term . 
But congressional Democrats have blocked the same from occurring at the federal level , with the exception of a 1988 law allowing capital punishment for certain drug-related homicides . 
Although the second-largest computer maker had prepared Wall Street for a poor quarter , analysts said they were troubled by signs of flat U.S. orders and a slowdown in the rate of gain in foreign orders . 
A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs . 
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC. , Sunnyvale , integrated circuit maker , annual sales of $ 1.12 billion , NYSE , had only minor structural damage . 
Then , it rebounded to finish down only 18.65 points . 
After the government lawsuit was filed against Lincoln , Sen. DeConcini returned the campaign contributions . 
First , its position in the government is anomalous . 
Known as Easy Eggs , the product has disappointed investors . 
New weapons systems will be around until the next century , notes John Tascher , the Defense Department 's metric coordinator . 
c-Yields , adjusted for constant maturity . 
TANDEM COMPUTERS INC. , Cupertino , computer maker , annual sales of $ 1.6 billion , NYSE , said it had no significant damage and should be fully operational within a week . 
He has too readily swallowed the case for the activist law school culture . 
The results were at the upper end of market expectations , which ranged from # 185 million to # 188 million . 
`` I 'm on my own land , '' Mr. Pyszkiewicz says . 
But he stops there . 
In yesterday 's edition , it was incorrectly included with a list of New York chains up for sale . 
In Hollywood , an average family can gain cachet from moving into a home vacated by the famous or near famous . 
GE executives were accused by U.S. prosecutors of providing `` misleading and false '' data to the Pentagon in 1985 to cover up `` longstanding fraudulent '' billing practices . 
It was promoted on cable services , including MTV , Nick at Night and VH-1 , and premiered as the No. 22-rated show for the week . 
LIN added 5\/8 to 110 5\/8 and McCaw lost 1\/4 to 41 . 
New York State law prohibits insurance brokerages from deriving more than 10 % of revenue from insuring affiliated companies . 
But some investors and consultants who have tried it are enthusiastic . 
PROSECUTOR TO JOIN Gibson Dunn : 
Pittston also owns Brink 's Inc. , the security service , and Burlington Air Express , the air-freight concern . 
James Kochan , chief fixed-income strategist at Merrill Lynch , is touting shorter-term securities , which he says should benefit more quickly than longer-term bonds as interest rates fall . 
Surely , the past suffering of any people at any time can not be simply filed away and forgotten . 
Clinton Gas Systems Inc. said it received a contract from Timken Co. , Canton , Ohio , to manage the natural gas purchasing , scheduling and transportation activities for Timken 's seven Ohio and two Pennsylvania plants . 
She did n't have hot water for five days . 
Mr. Nixon 's office said the former president `` expects to have one-on-one discussions with the major Chinese leaders '' and will give his assessment of those leaders to President Bush upon his return . 
Senate leaders had hoped to be able to send a compromise version of the measure to President Bush by the end of the week , but Speaker Foley said that was n't likely . 
Elsewhere , stock prices were lower in Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam , Paris and Zurich . 
The action came as the administration won final congressional approval of $ 9 million in assistance for elections scheduled in Nicaragua in February . 
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th-century French chateau the agency somehow owns . 
The privatization program is designed to rid the government of hundreds of assets and to raise critically needed funds . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Inc. 's common stock was dragged down yesterday amid concerns that a bankruptcy filing by a Finnish shipbuilder would delay delivery of three big cruise ships . 
`` This is paying a big price to maintain their virility as the world 's leading insurance broker , '' said Philip Olsen , an analyst at Kitcat & Aitken , a U.K. brokerage firm . 
The purchase price was disclosed in a preliminary prospectus issued in connection with MGM Grand 's planned offering of six million common shares . 
Hugh Zurkuhlen , analyst with Salomon Bros. , predicts the shift will mean P&G 's sales growth in the second quarter will be `` in the double digits . '' 
Roberto Morelli , Italy analyst for County Natwest Securities in London , said that right now `` the market is n't being influenced by that kind of news , '' referring to the conditional nature of the talks mentioned by Mr. Reuter and by the uncertainty surrounding world stock exchanges this week . 
Mr. Brawer 's wife , Catherine , and Robert Stroup , Elizabeth 's husband , round out the five-member board . 
Because the ANC remains banned , both the government , which approved the rally , and the organizers , who orchestrated it , denied it was an ANC rally . 
`` It now looks like database IV Version 1.1 is n't going to be { widely } available until the first quarter of 1990 , '' said David Bayer , an analyst with Montgomery Securities in San Francisco . 
But gay rights advocates are angry , too . 
Sales of capital goods to foreign and domestic destinations increased 16.6 % in the January-June period from a year earlier . 
That suit is pending . 
As well , reinsurers and insurance brokerage companies will have improved profits . 
He wanted your own unbiased , virgin opinion , '' says Mr. Johnson , now managing director at Georgeson & Co. , a proxy-solicitation and investor-relations firm . 
Bashing the D.C. government is risk-free for members of Congress , who do not have to answer to their own constituents for it . 
California Thefts Make Travel Agents Jittery 
Peter W. Likins , president of Lehigh University , Bethlehem , Pa. , was elected a director of this maker of industrial motion-control parts and systems . 
In a typical year , up to 20 % of the work force goes to personnel specialists with complaints of unfair treatment . 
Paris is currently phasing out fixed commissions under its `` Le Petit Bang '' plan . 
`` I am aware we have real budgetary problems . '' 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
In 1987 , a quarter of the population owned 91 % of the nation 's 71,895 square kilometers of private land , the report said , and 10 % of the population owned 65 % of the land devoted to housing . 
Los Angeles Creates A Courthouse for Kids 
Comair Holdings is the parent of Comair Inc. , a regional air carrier . 
New Technology 
Sales nationally rose 3.9 % through July , the latest month for which the figures are available , the council said . 
If the political establishment is reluctant to forgive sexual misadventures , the private sector sometimes will . 
`` The bottom line is that it 's more hand to mouth than it has been before , '' he said . 
The Fed 's stock market role ought not to be very ambitious . 
Most brokers assume that all orders are day orders unless specified otherwise . 
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million . 
I refer essentially to petroleum , electric power , banking and newsprint . 
The federal funds rate , which banks charge each other on overnight loans , is considered an early signal of changes in the Fed 's credit policy . 
The company focuses on the how-to aspects , says Andrew E. Philip , president . 
Mr. Bauman , a conservative , says he was deserted by the right wing . 
People in the automotive business disagree over how susceptible younger Americans are to brand switching . 
The LDP must make a decision immediately ; Lower House elections must take place before June . 
`` This is clever , subliminal advertising that really says , ` Smokers have rights , too , ' '' says Al Ries , chairman of Trout & Ries Inc. , a Greenwich , Conn. , marketing strategy firm . 
To try to combat the traffic slowdown , airlines started reducing fares ; average fares rose only 1.7 % in August , in contrast to increases of 16 % each in February and March . 
`` Because of distance , it takes a while for them to appreciate the economic stability we 've achieved , '' says one economic policymaker . 
Now , he said , a slowdown in economic activity has slackened demand . 
Mobil Corp. is in the process of vacating its headquarters here , and huge operations like J.C. Penney & Co. and Trans World Airlines have recently left . 
They are telling people what roads are closed and just keeping the public informed has helped to keep the panic down , '' said James Ball , a station supervisor at Daly City Police Department . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
We have a better idea : Dismantle HUD to pay for the war on drugs . 
For the nine months , earnings totaled $ 36.6 million , or $ 1.24 a share , down 46 % from $ 68.1 million , or $ 2.19 a share , a year earlier . 
When we go there , it 's quite different from these Hollywood places where the sandwiches are spread out on the table and the people are picking their noses . '' 
The decision is a setback for President Bush , who needs the support of Democrats to pass the tax cut through the Democratic-controlled Senate . 
But he could n't sell any . 
Still , in recent days , machinists ' union leaders have shown some new flexibility . 
The self-proclaimed father of on-site massage is David Palmer , a 41-year-old San Francisco masseur whose mission is to save the touch-starved masses . 
Fullerton , Calif . 
`` It will be very expensive , '' the spokesman warned . 
-- Taxes of between 15 % and 50 % a year on `` excessive '' profits from the resale of property , or the sale of idle land to the government . 
`` The question remains : how much can the West German market absorb ? '' says one senior dealer . 
So far , instead of teaming up , GE Capital staffers and Kidder investment bankers have bickered . 
The jump in imports stemmed from across-the-board increases in purchases of foreign goods . 
Not everyone has jumped on the Breeden bandwagon , however . 
Sperry ultimately was eliminated from the competition without receiving the work . 
Stanley Rose , a vice president , technological and strategic planning at Bankers Trust , says that despite Digital 's low prices , `` we are n't about to unplug our IBM mainframes for a DEC machine . 
The statement came after officials said Bush complained at a private meeting last week that a strict interpretation of a policy requires the U.S. to notify foreign dictators of certain coup plots . 
There are many reasons for the market 's jumpiness : new trading vehicles such as stock-index futures and options ; computer-driven strategies like program trading ; and crowd psychology . 
The heaviest damage was reported in Tipasa , about 40 miles west of Algiers . 
Sears posted a 16 % drop in third-quarter profit as U.S. retail operations recorded the first loss in over five years . 
The union also ceded the 2 % commission it had received on all Pemex maintenance contracts . 
American International Group climbed 4 to 106 5\/8 , General Re rose 3 1\/8 to 89 5\/8 , Kemper added 2 1\/2 to 48 , AON went up 1 3\/8 to 36 and Chubb rose 1 1\/4 to 82 1\/4 . 
Sansui was late into the mini-component business and failed to branch into other new businesses . 
`` Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the outlook for the newspaper group remains guarded , with no improvement yet seen in operating trends in our Eastern markets , '' said Robert F. Erburu , Times Mirror 's chairman and chief executive . 
The ad campaign , created by Saatchi & Saatchi 's Backer Spielvogel Bates agency , is an extension of the auto company 's `` Cars That Make Sense '' campaign , which emphasized affordability . 
But the apple industry is ripe for change . 
But inflation , as measured by the GNP deflator in Thursday 's report , is expected to rise only 3.5 % , down from 4.6 % in the second quarter . 
It could throw in the towel and hope to win on capital gains late this month , or it could follow the White House strategy , to veto reconciliation unless capital gains was appended . 
Mr. Conway said the Fox shows appearing on nights when Paramount-MCA shows would n't be offered could be promoted on the programs produced by Paramount-MCA . 
'' Minority Leader Dole plans to offer a resolution tomorrow denouncing the Nicaraguan president , whose remarks came during a celebration in Costa Rica marking regional moves to democracy . 
Moscom Corp. said its board approved the repurchase of as many as 300,000 common shares when market conditions are suitable . 
`` You could see massive gyrations here because it 's such a thinly traded market , '' says Jonathan S. Paris , a vice president of European Investors Inc. , a New York investment-management firm . 
Student job postings at Boston University slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 . 
The other , called the Solo , is battery operated and is the first high-performance radar detector that does n't need a power cord , the company said . 
Not everyone is convinced the state must raise new revenue to meet its earthquake needs . 
The Committee on Federal Regulation of Securities for the American Bar Association argues , for example , in its lengthy letter to the SEC , that the proposed changes `` would substantially improve the { law } by conforming it more closely to contemporary business realities . '' 
`` We did see some relief in raw material costs , but it was n't sufficient to offset the drop in sales prices , '' James R. Kuse , the company 's chairman and chief executive officer said in a statement . 
According to the report , inventories outside the farm sector grew at an annual rate of $ 24.6 billion in the third quarter , up from a $ 19.5 billion pace in the second quarter . 
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . '' 
Norton makes sandpaper and other abrasives , diamond tools , specialty plastics and ceramics . 
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch . 
At age 19 , she was a Paris sensation , transformed from unwanted child to international sex symbol in just over a decade . 
The question is how much you get tied in with seedy characters so they can extort you . '' 
The Merc is now cooperating with the Comex in developing such a device to provide such an audit trail . 
The Big Board said carpenters quickly erected a new options floor to accomodate 40 traders from the Pacific exchange . 
The Belgian consumer price index rose a provisional 0.1 % in October from the previous month and was up 3.64 % from October 1988 , the Ministry of Economic Affairs said . 
The Dow Jones Transportation Average fell 49.96 to close at 1254.27 . 
In recent weeks , airlines have cut numerous fares in leisure markets to try to win back customers . 
Fees 1 3\/4 . 
In 1986 , Unocal sold a 7.5 % stake in the Veslefrikk field to Deutsche Erdolversorgungs G.m.b . H. , a West German oil company , for an undisclosed amount . 
Surveying all this , some people now think the best planner might be no planner at all . 
As a Channel Islander , I was amazed to see my birthplace listed as one of `` 86 countries with an income tax . '' 
The program is n't afraid to tackle controversial topics such as nuclear weapons and the environment . 
Bridge and highway collapses will disrupt truck and auto transportation in the San Francisco Bay area for months to come . 
An Asian bloc is n't intended , he said . 
And while it 's too soon to tell how sales will fare in the important 1989 Christmas season , some companies take steps to ease the usual 11th-hour crush . 
Her father , William Rosenthal , designed the then-dress making company 's first bra in the 1920s , which he said gave women a `` maiden form '' compared with the `` boyish form '' they got from the `` flat bandages '' used for support at the time . 
Connecticut already has issued a `` notice of intent '' to revoke Drexel 's brokerage license . 
In offices , triphosphorous bulbs simulate daylight . 
It also could put the government into the RU-486 business , which would please feminists dismayed at what they view as pusillanimity in the private-sector drug industry . 
He flew to Fort Bragg , N.C. , in September of that year for a course in psychological operations , returning to the School of the Americas in Panama for a two-month course called `` military intelligence for officers . '' 
Most own two to 10 stocks , and buy or sell no more than three times a year . 
Once fat and happy , the Cowboys now are losing games , fans and money . 
People who paid a premium for standard CDs purchased on the secondary market could also find that those premiums are n't insured if the institutions that issued the CDs failed . 
Market segmentation in cars is n't new , but it 's far more extensive than when Alfred P. Sloan Jr. conceived the idea 50 years ago . 
That will please once-grumpy affiliates -- another aim of the Pilson plan . 
Bethlehem Steel 's profit plunged 54 % in the third quarter , hurt by higher costs and lower shipments to key clients . 
Never mind . 
`` We are operating an information refinery that takes a broad stream of raw data and turns it into actionable knowledge , '' says Yosi Amram , founder and president . 
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million . 
Lebanon 's Parliament passed the power-sharing accord to end the country 's 14-year-old conflict , but the Christian military leader wad the plan was `` full of ambiguities . '' 
In a statement , Southern Co. President Edward L. Addison said , `` We believe our decision to plead ( guilty ) to these charges is responsible and proper . 
Digital 's new line has been a long time coming . 
Lufthansa AG said passenger volume climbed 5.2 % for the first nine months of 1989 to 15.3 million passengers from 14.5 million passengers in the year-earlier period . 
The shift wo n't affect operations . 
It also allows people to buy the best and the cheapest goods from anywhere in the world . 
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . '' 
Much of the picture 's sensuality emerges from cinematographer Michael Ballhaus 's slyly seductive lens work . 
What had been a deteriorated area with nothing but wig shops and shoe shops is now experiencing a major upgrading in the housing and commercial stock , thanks to a continuously replenished source of revitalization capital that Vermont-Slauson yields . '' 
The world being the nasty place it is , we want Presidents to have the freedom to order operations in which someone might get killed . 
CRESTMONT FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION ( Edison , N.J. ) -- 
When they reapportion their districts after the 1990 census , every other municipality and state in the country will face this issue . 
It 's one more for the baseball-loving lawyers , accountants and real estate developers who ponied up about $ 1 million each for the chance to be an owner , to step into the shoes of a Gene Autry or have a beer with Rollie Fingers . 
International Minerals said the sale will allow Mallinckrodt to focus its resources on its core businesses of medical products , specialty chemicals and flavors . 
Credit Agricole officials could n't be immediately reached for comment . 
It added that it is apparent that any terms of a combination `` would be substantially less favorable than those previously announced . '' 
Stocks have a place in an investors ' portfolio along with real estate , bonds , international securities and cash , he says . 
In the year-ago period , the company had profit of $ 34.3 million , or $ 1.32 a share . 
The summer crop is harvested , winter sowing has yet to begin . 
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain-resistant products with higher quality dyes . 
Liberals may support the stabilizing , quasi-governmental role of the IMF on two conditions : that the administration give assurances that liberal Democrats ' support will not be used against them in congressional re-election campaigns ; and that the legislation address -- with dollars -- social and environmental concerns . 
In Hugo 's wake , Congress allocated $ 1.1 billion in relief funds , and White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said $ 273 million of that money remains and could be diverted for quick expenditures related to the earthquake . 
By advertising disaster relief , these companies are hoping to don a white hat and come out a hero . 
Now we are starting to see real freight-rate increases as carriers replace equipment , pay higher fuel costs and pay more for labor . 
The rate on six-month bills rose to 7.53 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.92 % . 
For instance , he says , International Business Machines and Unisys might look cheap , but investors might continue to do better with stocks like Walt Disney , Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola , strong performers in recent years . 
The blasts blew out windows , spewed debris for miles and crumpled the ceiling in an area elementary school . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
In addition , Moody 's said it downgraded Financiere Credit Suisse-First Boston 's senior and subordinated Swiss debt to single-A-2 from single-A-1 and lowered Financiere CSFB N.V. 's junior subordinated perpetual Eurodebt , guaranteed by Financiere Credit Suisse -- First Boston , to single-A-3 from single-A-2 . 
Mr. Gebhard adds that spending on environmental red tape amounts to between 6.5 % and 7.5 % of Impco 's total operating expenses . 
It endorsed the White House strategy , believing it to be the surest way to victory . 
But LTV 's move marks the first effort by a major steelmaker to counter the free fall in spot prices . 
The topic never comes up in ozonedepletion `` establishment '' meetings , of which I have attended many . 
Trial and Terror 
When President Corazon Aquino , whose command of Filipino is spotty , announced last year that the language would be used in official communications , there was an uproar from many legislators , who continue to conduct debates mostly in English . 
He will remain chairman . 
The State of Wisconsin Investment Board , which owned about 7 % of the company 's voting stock , worked with management to devise a time-limited poison pill . 
Further expansion into southern Europe is also possible , says Mr. Bell , the spokesman . 
The results include record quarterly earnings of $ 76 million from Chrysler Financial Corp . 
Interest payments on the bonds will be payable semiannually . 
TW Services dropped 1 1\/4 to 31 1\/4 following the postponement of a $ 1.4 billion junk-bond offering that would have permitted Coniston Partners to complete its takeover of the company . 
The tapes included wiretaps of Gen. Torrijos 's own phone , according to American intelligence officials . 
In late trading Friday , Jaguar shares bucked the downward tide in London 's stock market and rose five pence to 725 pence ( $ 11.44 ) . 
Less-than-truckload companies , which carry the freight of several shippers in each truck trailer , discounted away a 4.7 % rate increase implemented last April . 
The situation will be especially delicate for Mr. Kimbrough . 
It also said projections of surging U.S. demand for natural gas and price forecasts of C$ 5.25 per thousand cubic feet by 2005 would make the project economically viable . 
What 's more , much of China 's official rhetoric is hostile to the U.S. . 
The study is to provide reporters , academic experts and others raw data on which to base further inquiries . 
When `` The Homecoming '' was first produced on this side of the Atlantic , actors and directors were reverential . 
Besides holding the promise of safer spinal surgery , the probe could improve the diagnosis of brain and nerve disorders such as strokes and multiple sclerosis . 
RESEARCHERS diagnosed a genetic defect in a three-day-old mouse embryo in an experiment directly applicable to humans . 
One person close to the process says it would not be in the best interest of CBS News to comment on a `` work in progress , '' such as the Hoffman re-creation , but says CBS News is `` aware '' of the concerns of Ms. Lawrenson and Mr. Hoffman 's former wife . 
Charleston is historic and aristocratic , as your reporter said , but not haughty , as he suggested . 
But consumer expenditure data released Friday do n't suggest that the U.K. economy is slowing that quickly . 
And with the quiet pragmatism of Mr. Guzman Cabrera replacing the prickly populism of La Quina , government technocrats have been given a free hand to open the petrochemical sector to wider private and foreign investment . 
The other two portions of the deal are remarketings of outstanding debt rather than new issues . 
Ratings under review are Ryder 's A-1 collateral trust debentures , A-2 senior notes and bonds , A-2 preferred stock and the company 's Prime-1 rating for commercial paper . 
Mr. Agnos complained that he was `` ticked off '' that Vice President Dan Quayle , who toured the earthquake site Wednesday , did n't schedule a private meeting with him . 
Plant officials are still assessing damage to parts suppliers and Port of Oakland facilities that handle shipments to the plant . 
Already , personnel officials are talking about the need for a `` Phase Two '' cultural-reform effort of some sort . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Despite the thin trading , and after two painful years of restructuring , the futures market has shown itself to be resilient in two recent tests . 
Others question the impact on Chivas 's upscale image of a promotion that has customers soaking off labels . 
William C. Stuart III 
Trained dolphins : pur-poises . 
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury . 
Mr. Shioya has turned the tables . 
This measure had dropped sharply in August . 
`` Having to take on less debt would certainly be an advantage , '' said Mr. Leblang . 
Wall Street continued to buckle under the public outcry against computer-driven program trading . 
Terms of the transaction were n't disclosed . 
`` If the stock market tremors are behind us , then the bond market will go back to looking at the next batch of economic numbers to determine '' where interest rates are heading . 
All but eight of the 850 branches , which had some structural damage , reopened yesterday for business . 
However , traders disregarded a potential production disruption in Chile and a continued drop in inventories . 
The disciplinary proceedings stem from trading in April 1987 . 
Finally , under the bill , a number of legitimate , longstanding business practices would be arbitrarily banned , unless the CFTC were to take specific and timely action to permit them to continue . 
GM also had dismal results in the first 10 days of the month , while other auto makers reported mixed results . 
He was superb . 
Bank it ? 
Researchers could n't estimate the cost of the drug when it reaches the market , but they said FK-506 will enable patients to cut hospital stays by 50 % and reduce the number of blood tests used to monitor the dosage of cyclosporine and other drugs among transplant recipients . 
Mr. Spiegelman is professor of English at Southern Methodist University and editor of the Southwest Review . 
In recent weeks , traders said , Chemical has sold more than $ 1 billion of tax-free bonds . 
He said the company has cut operating expenses by about 10 % over the last few quarters , while maintaining research and development at about 8 % to 9 % of sales . 
While other mines might yield more carats , a higher percentage of them go to industrial use . 
# 200 million of undated variable-rate notes priced at par via Merill Lynch International Ltd . 
There have been rumblings that , at long last , changes may be in the works . 
And truck sales also are off more than 20 % . 
That happens when nervous stock investors dump equities and buy Treasurys , which are higher in quality and thus considered safe . 
Bids totaling $ 415 million were submitted , and accepted bids were at 7.986 % . 
Mr. Tonkin , who has been feuding with the Big Three since he took office earlier this year , said that with half of the nation 's dealers losing money or breaking even , it was time for `` emergency action . '' 
In other news concerning South Korea 's television industry , Samsung signed an agreement with Soyuz , the external-trade organization of the Soviet Union , to swap Korean television sets and videocassette recorders for pig iron from the Soviet Union . 
`` Things are beginning to settle down . 
Most of the earnings decline reflected an increase in the company 's effective tax rate to 44 % from 37 % in the year-ago third quarter when nonrecurring tax credits were recorded , the company said . 
New York Stock Exchange volume swelled to 198,120,000 shares . 
The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home , education expenses and medical expenses . 
In audio equipment , sales rose 13 % to 44.3 billion yen from 39.19 billion yen . 
Nashua strengthened its poison-pill plan after announcing a Dutch firm is seeking to buy up to 25 % of the New Hampshire copier company . 
A few years ago , State Farm , the nation 's largest home insurer , stopped buying reinsurance because no one carrier could provide all the coverage that it needed and the company found it cheaper to self-reinsure . 
There was `` selling pressure from everyone , '' said one trader . 
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment . 
P.J. Mode , Wilmer Cutler 's managing partner , says the trial team that represented Mr. Bundy was asked by the firm 's pro bono committee whether the new case posed a conflict and that no objections were raised . 
Swedish auto and aerospace concern Saab-Scania AB said it received a 250 million krona ( $ 39 million ) order from Swiss Crossair , one of Europe 's leading regional air companies , for five Saab 340B turboprop commuter aircraft . 
In a separate development , a private meeting is scheduled this morning between House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) and Sen. Dale Bumpers ( D. , Ark . ) in an effort to end a dispute which for two weeks has delayed action on an estimated $ 44 billion agriculture bill . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 12 classes by Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
-- Arnold J. Zarett . 
In late afternoon New York trading yesterday , the dollar stood at 1.8415 West German marks , up from 1.8340 marks late Monday , and at 142.85 yen , up from 141.90 yen late Monday . 
That contract fell a total of 5.75 cents during the first three days of this week , mostly in reaction to last Friday 's stock market plunge , which prompted concern that it might signal a similar sharp slowing of the U.S. economy and thus reduced demand for copper , a leading industrial metal . 
Chimanbhai Mehta , a parliamentarian and former Gandhi ally , predicts Congress ( I ) will win only 150 seats , a quarter of the house , if the opposition fields single candidates in 80 % of the races . 
The would-be raider even hired an investment banker to give teeth to his takeover threat , which was widely interpreted as an effort to flush out an acquirer for USAir , or for his own stake . 
`` This may not make George Bush a one-term president , '' said the Oregon liberal , addressing the Republican side of the House . 
It 's somehow OK for Secretary Baker himself , however , to say all the same things . 
But the computer was proving a hard sell because of its high price , a lack of software and an optical data-storage device that was too slow . 
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs . 
Revenue rose 14 % to $ 4.03 billion from $ 3.54 billion . 
And Ms. Pfeiffer 's particular version of `` Making Whoopee '' -- and the way Mr. Ballhaus photographs her , from the tips of her red high heels right up her clingy red velvet dress -- might make you think of Marilyn Monroe if Ms. Pfeiffer had n't gone and become a star in her own right . 
Few now recall the actual outcome : Scopes was convicted and fined $ 100 , and his conviction was reversed on appeal because the fine was excessive under Tennessee law . 
Sales rose 7.4 % to $ 580 million from $ 540 million . 
Though Sassy has grown quickly since its debut in March 1988 , it has been the target of conservative lobbyists and skittish advertisers who bristled at its frank editorial matter on teen-age problems . 
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990-model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars . 
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay . 
Marshall McLuhan , you should have been there at that hour . 
`` The market can adjust to good news or bad news , but uncertainty drives people wild , '' said Bernard B. Beal , chief executive of M.R. Beal & Co. , a securities firm that specializes in the municipal market . 
It said the situation is caused by efforts to streamline bloated factory payrolls . 
Goldman said Eastern would miss the same mark by at least $ 120 million . 
Each $ 5000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 15 , 1989 , to Oct. 18 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 23 . 
No ? 
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact . 
As part of the drive , the first 50,000 viewers who put up # 10 each will get a package valued at # 170 -- including a satellite receiving dish , equipment installation and a three-month subscription to its pay-movie service . 
At BellSouth , based in Atlanta , customer access lines grew by 162,000 , or 3.5 % , during the 12-month period ended Sept . 
He said summer drought problems that had hit several southern agricultural regions had stopped being a major source of price pressure in September . 
The effective date of the registration is to be determined by the SEC . 
The new bonds will be dated Oct. 30 and mature Oct. 15 , 2019 . 
Nor was it intended to dictate a set of prescriptive solutions , although various points were raised . 
A reflective and growing consensus of Americans clearly wishes to apply the right to privacy in contraceptive matters ( decided in the Griswold case ) to abortion as well . 
That gives it an enviable strategic advantage , at least until its rivals catch up , but also plenty of managerial headaches . 
There are about $ 10 million of 7 % bonds priced at 99 1\/4 to yield 7.081 % in 2004 ; about $ 15 million of 7 % bonds priced at 98 1\/2 to yield 7.145 % in 2008 ; about $ 88.35 million of 7 % bonds priced at 97 1\/4 to yield 7.227 % in 2018 ; and about $ 15 million of 6 3\/4 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2019 . 
Most important , experts say , is to show that a company 's ethical tone is set at the top . 
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . '' 
The commission order named the following companies : Ticor Title Insurance Co. of California , a unit of Los Angeles-based Ticor ; Chicago Title Insurance Co. and Safeco Title Insurance Co. , units of Chicago Title & Trust Co. ; Lawyers Title Insurance Corp. , a unit of Richmond , Va.-based Universal Corp. ; and Stewart Title Guaranty Co. , a unit of Houston-based Stewart Information Services Corp . 
`` Each one has a different agenda . '' 
`` It turned out we could n't sell it , '' a Canadian Pacific official said , adding that acquiring the remainder of Soo Line is now `` the best way to rationalize operations . '' 
The blue-collar machinists , longtime rivals of the white-collar pilots , say the buyout would load the company with debt and weaken its finances . 
The March futures contract traded as high as 14.24 cents , but could n't sustain the advance , '' he said . 
She said she used the market 's wild swings to buy shares cheaply on the sell-off . 
A spokesman said that neither Mr. Fireman nor Mr. LaBonte would be available for comment . 
The law has prevented $ 216 million of unnecessary expenditures since 1986 , according to William S. Conn , president of the Kentucky Hospital Association . 
Except for the gas tank at Hustead 's Towing Service exploding and burning in downtown Berkeley , things here are quite peaceful . 
`` The market started with several strikes against it , '' said Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , referring to news that the labor-management buy-out of UAL Corp. continued to unravel , and reports that the junk-bond market is disintegrating . 
What 's more , a flood of new products has given consumers a dizzying choice of brands , many of which are virtually carbon copies of one other . 
`` Most dealers can not continue to absorb this supply . '' 
And if we 're not ombudsman for our area , we ought to be thrown out of office . 
In Big Board composite trading yesterday , Nynex common closed at $ 81.125 , up $ 1.625 . 
Competitors are known as the `` enemy . '' 
Under the earlier plan , Norfolk was authorized in 1987 to buy up to 20 million shares . 
The 1988 results include a $ 10.7 million charge stemming from a litigation judgment . 
Bank of New York is currently the seventh-largest issuer of credit cards in the 
WATKINS-JOHNSON CO. , defense-oriented electronics manufacturer , annual sales $ 292 million , NYSE , minor damage to headquarters and plant in Palo Alto , no damage to San Jose plant , `` still assessing '' damage at Scotts Valley plant , where main product is furnaces for semiconductor production . 
And even some last-minute phone calls that Mr. Bush made ( at the behest of some conservative U.S. senators ) to enlist backing for the U.S. position failed to stop the march of Mr. Arias 's agenda . 
Finding God 
But in October 1987 , when portfolio insurers rushed to sell at the same time , they overwhelmed both the stock and futures markets . 
The models , which cost about $ 75,000 each , will be used in research . 
For the first six months , the trust and corporation had a net loss of $ 244,000 . 
In the midst of the current turmoil , Saatchi is attempting to shore up its ad businesses . 
On a comparable store basis , including the new acquisitions for both years , sales for fiscal 1989 were up 1.9 % . 
For more than 50 years , it has been the apple of our eye . 
Mercury attributed the loss to rapid prepayments of loans and costs incurred in refinancing many house loans this past spring and summer , when interest rates dipped . 
For Warner , meanwhile , it gives the company a second young partner with a finger on the pulse of the hottest trends in the music business . 
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms . 
In particular , many are snubbing the scotch preferred by their parents and opting for bourbon , the sweet firewater from the Kentucky countryside . 
Today 's agreement gives Control Data a machine to compete against Digital and other general-purpose computer makers , said John Logan , a computer-market analyst at Aberdeen Group Inc. of Boston . 
All of the bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P . 
Nobody smiled onstage , and nobody in the audience was encouraged to laugh . 
The company had a tax credit of $ 1.4 million . 
He said Ms. Levine had never been fired , although she had stopped working at the restaurant . 
Time Warner emphasized in a news release that it should be evaluated based on its cash flow , which the company defined as earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization . 
To mollify shareholders concerned about the long-term value of the company under the BellSouth-LIN agreement , BellSouth also agreed to pay as much as $ 10 a share , or $ 540 million , if , after five years , the trading value of the new cellular company is n't as high as the value that shareholders would have realized from the McCaw offer . 
Warner-Lambert , Morris Plains , N.J. , reported sales that were a record for any quarter and the eighth quarter in a row of 20 % or more per-share earnings growth . 
Beazer PLC , a major British building materials and construction concern , reported a 24 % jump in pretax profit for its latest financial year , helped largely by contributions from its U.S. unit , Koppers Co . 
After years of hesitation , economic and political reform was embraced at the end of 1986 , but ringing declarations have yet to be translated into much action . 
The Staar board also said that John R. Ford resigned as a director , and that Mr. Wolf was named a member of the board . 
Donald Vinson , who oversees the experiments , is n't some white-coated researcher . 
Most were obtained with huge inputs of church money from South Korea and Japan , minimum cash downpayments and sizable mortgages . 
The first thing anybody will tell you about ballooning is that it requires zip in the way of athletic prowess , or even a measure of derring-do . 
Says Mr. Bauman : `` If things get really tough , I can always auction it off at Sotheby 's . 
The British conglomerate cited the recent turmoil in financial markets . 
The franchiser of pharmacies said the added shares will be distributed Dec. 4 to stock of record Nov. 13 . 
At least three other factors have encouraged the IMF to insist on increased capital . 
Sir John has spurned Ford 's advances since the U.S. auto giant launched a surprise bid for as much as 15 % of Jaguar last month . 
Yield on the issue was 7.88 % . 
Company officials said 22 workers were missing and presumed dead . 
Some of the three other bidding groups are expected to increase their offers tomorrow , a date set for revised offers by a bankruptcy court judge . 
But that is not the same as saying that the Federal Reserve has other objectives . 
This maker of electronic devices said it replaced all five incumbent directors at a special meeting called by Milton B. Hollander , whose High Technology Holding Co. of Stamford , Conn. acquired most of its 49.4 % stake in Newport in August . 
It 's a downbeat , `` thirtysomething '' world , in which bright , still youngish people are engaged in a glossy version of day labor , doing free-lance , semi-professional work that brings little satisfaction or security but that they know they should be grateful to do . 
That structural lack is crucial because investors are the only source of market liquidity . 
A lot of big European banks , mostly French , and Swiss arb accounts have been buying the stock just to flip it '' for a quick profit , he said . 
Kidder officials stand by their aggressive use of program trading . 
Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . 
Here , too , Mr. Roberts is way off the mark . 
Weisfield 's had about 1.1 million shares outstanding as of July 31 . 
`` We must either integrate honestly or segregate honestly . '' 
All 700 Toronto-based employees will be offered positions in Calgary , the company said . 
`` I think it is a good theme for what looks to be an uncertain market , '' says Steven Einhorn , partner at Goldman Sachs . 
It told prosecutors not to seek forfeitures if there are `` less intrusive '' alternatives , such as bonds , and in any case not to seek forfeitures `` disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . '' 
But industry watchers expect them to blend the methodical marketing strategies they use for more mundane products with the more intuitive approach typical of cosmetics companies . 
Then as things got rougher , we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching the brick sidewalk under our feet oozing up and down , and the flowers waving in an eerie rhythm . 
Lockheed Corp. -- $ 300 million of 9 3\/8 % notes due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 99.90 to yield 9.39 % . 
Supply troubles were also on the minds of Treasury investors yesterday , who worried about the flood of new government securities coming next week . 
'' In such circumstances , free-speech interests outweighed the interests of the copyright owner . 
His boss complained about neglect of other chores . 
The contract was first proposed more than two years ago , but shortly afterward , the colony 's markets were hit hard by the October 1987 global stock crash . 
Both Saatchi & Saatchi , which announced its intention to sell off most of its consulting business in June , and Cleveland Consulting declined to comment on the proposed sale . 
Asilone , an antacid , was sold to Boots PLC , London . 
Rita Jenrette , the former wife of Abscam-indicted Rep. John Jenrette , has yet to hit it big in Hollywood , although with roles in such movies as `` Zombie Island Massacre '' and `` Aunt Ida 's Bikini Shop , '' she is doing a lot better than her former husband . 
It hinted over the weekend that it would have been interested in a hook-up with Thomson-CSF . 
`` It 's hard to see how an investment by the largest { cable operator } in the weaker of the two networks is anti-competitive , when the stronger of the two networks is owned by the second largest '' cable operator , Mr. Kern said . 
Though some magazines are thriving , the magazine publishing industry remains a risky business . 
Procter & Gamble Co. , helped by a gain from a lawsuit settlement and continued growth overseas , posted a 38 % rise in fiscal first-quarter net income . 
In the quarterly report , Arthur Ochs Sulzberger , New York Times Co. chairman and chief executive officer , said negative factors affecting third-quarter earnings will continue . 
In one sense , this limits him ; unlike a writer such as Gabriel Garcia Marquez , who has a distinctive Latin voice , Mr. Mahfouz 's style offers little that can be labeled `` Egyptian . '' 
Asked whether they agreed or disagreed with the claim that men are emotionally better suited to politics than women , 70 % of the Reagan generation disagreed , compared with under 60 % of younger men and women in the earlier years . 
Nissan had 29 % of the Japanese car market in 1980 before beginning a depressing eight-year slide that continued through last year . 
In the year-ago quarter , net totaled $ 14.7 million , or 38 cents a share , including $ 4 million , or 10 cents a share , reflecting a tax-loss carry-forward . 
Then they opened small gift shops mostly aimed at Japanese tourists . 
McDonnell Douglas Corp. received contracts totaling $ 244.8 million for 72 F-A-18 aircraft for the Navy and helicopter spare parts for the Army . 
Share prices in Frankfurt closed narrowly mixed after listless and directionless trading . 
But many economists pointed to a 1.8 % September rise in orders outside the volatile transportation category . 
After all , gold prices usually soar when inflation is high . 
The U.S. government 's Sverdlovsk complaint , as with Krasnoyarsk , is no mere political posturing . 
Prime will still manage Ramada 's domestic franchise system when the sale closes . 
Amdahl Corp. , backed by Japan 's Fujitsu Ltd. , has a growing share of the market with its low-priced , IBM-compatible machines . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
`` Everything is going through firehoops right now , and { Chicago & North Western } is no exception , '' said Mariel Clemensen , vice president , high-yield research , at Citicorp . 
A competing version of EPO is being developed by Genetics Institute Inc. in Cambridge , Mass . 
There 's little doubt that such a move would be immediately challenged in court -- and that it would quickly make its way to the Supreme Court to be ultimately resolved . 
Major Battle himself speaks in pure Pentagonese : `` Without further monetary-stroke-military aid , scores of Ambiguan freedom lovers , who had gone way out on their life and limbs for us , were literally cut off at the knees without a paddle . '' 
Fuel cost adjustments could change the effective rate increases , however . 
White House aides said that although they made a small compromise on the length of a training wage , the final minimum-wage increase will meet the standards set by Mr. Bush . 
Meanwhile , a federal mediator is scheduled to meet today with Boeing officials and representatives of 55,000 striking Machinists . 
The company 's strategy for keeping its computer products business profitable -- it recently achieved profitability after several quarters of losses -- calls for a narrow focus and a lid on expenses . 
Your Sept. 27 page-one article `` Charleston Lost Quite a Lot to Hugo , Especially Gentility '' leaves the impression that the storm was little more than an inconvenience . 
Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the `` bugs '' are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers . 
Yesterday , the retailing and financial services giant reported a 16 % drop in third-quarter earnings to $ 257.5 million , or 75 cents a share , from a restated $ 305 million , or 80 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The SPCA says it has received more than 100 requests for foster homes on behalf of dogs and cats , though some people have sought temporary homes for birds and fish . 
Mrs. Burford remains bitter over the overwhelming legal expenses involved in clearing her name . 
But he said Columbia remains `` one of the most strongly capitalized thrifts in the industry , '' based on the economic value of its assets and tangible capital . 
Comprehensive Care shareholders have approved acquisition of the developer and operator of Care-Unit chemical dependency and psychiatric programs for about $ 58 million in cash , notes and stock of First Hospital , Norfolk , Va . 
Callum McCarthy , 45 , was named to the new post of deputy head of the corporate-finance division and a managing director . 
But Mr. Mahe adds , `` The net loser in the next few years is the right-to-life side . '' 
A broker may have to approach as many as 20 underwriters who insure the endeavors on behalf of the syndicates . 
At age eight , Josephine Baker was sent by her mother to a white woman 's house to do chores in exchange for meals and a place to sleep -- a place in the basement with the coal . 
He became Gen. Torrijos 's inseparable shadow , and the holder of all Panama 's secrets . 
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager . 
Analysts were only slightly disappointed by Citicorp 's numbers . 
The other 40 % said the Fed ought to worry less about inflation and bring interest rates down . 
It will have 11.8 million shares outstanding after the offering , with Healthdyne owning about 65 % of the total . 
Oils and fats also did well , posting a 5.3 % sales increase . 
Alexander Brody , 56 , will take on the newly created position of president of the world-wide agency and chief executive of its international operations . 
If those who have the money do n't get involved with the museums and the charities , then City Hall will do it , badly . 
Until last week , `` Everyone felt certain they knew the outcome of the election . 
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week . 
In the fibers segment , profit rose to $ 180 million from $ 155 million , a gain Du Pont attributed to higher demand in the U.S. for most textile products . 
During the third quarter , Compaq purchased a former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland , which will be used for international service and repair operations . 
Mr. Dole 's odd effort notwithstanding , most of Turkey 's political problems lie with the Europeans . 
But it 's hard to squeeze much profit out of the personal-computer business these days , and the workstation market , while important , is too small to rely on for much growth . 
Six-month CDs of $ 50,000 and less yielded an average 8.02 % in the week ended Tuesday , down from 8.10 % , according to Banxquote . 
`` Improving profitability of U.S. operations is an extremely high priority in the company . '' 
Mr. Paul quickly became more aggressive in his collecting , with the help of George Wachter , a Sotheby 's expert in old masters whom he met at an exhibition of the Guterman items . 
Universal Studios was working on a competing film , but the studio and its producers ultimately agreed to co-produce the film with Guber Peters and Warner . 
He said that American Telephone & Telegraph , MCI Communications Corp. , Rochester Telephone Corp. and IBM itself would likely be Digital 's subcontractors on the project . 
HealthVest missed an interest payment to Bank of Tokyo on Oct. 1 . 
Daffynition 
`` In our formula , we do n't have any losers except the competition . '' 
Frederick H. Hallett Vice President Industry and Government Relations White Consolidated Industries Inc . Washington 
I do n't want to feel guilty representing my constituents . 
The vehicle has a top speed of 65 miles an hour and requires recharging from a standard wall socket every 100 miles . 
Those hearings also highlighted how Gen. Noriega was able to use his relationships with these agencies to delay U.S. action against him , and to exploit the administration 's obsession with overthrowing the Sandinistas to protect his own drug-dealing . 
Indeed , BellSouth 's cellular operations were among the first in the country to become profitable . 
It is also likely to bolster fears that the Japanese will use their foothold in U.S. biotechnology concerns to gain certain trade and competitive advantages . 
After the announcement yesterday , Digital shares gained $ 1.25 to close at $ 89.875 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
So many people fudge on answers about exercise , the president 's council now uses specific criteria to determine what is considered vigorous : It must produce contractions of large muscle groups , must achieve 60 % of maximum aerobic capacity and must be done three or more times a week for a minimum of 20 minutes . 
However , those premiums are usually far smaller than on zero-coupon CDs , and the simpler pricing structure of a standard CD makes it more apparent when a premium is paid . 
Then , perhaps , Mr. Ovcharenko 's ideas would n't sound like so much blarney . 
Exabyte Corp. , a Boulder , Colo. , maker of high-capacity tape cartridge systems used to back up computer disk drives , started OTC trading with the symbol EXBT . 
In the third quarter , BSB earned $ 2 million , up from $ 1.8 million a year earlier . 
The gains also sparked buying interest in other real-estate companies , traders said . 
Ms. Jepson is a free-lance music writer in New York . 
Turner Broadcasting System Inc. said it formed a unit to make and distribute movies to theaters overseas and , eventually , to U.S. theaters , too . 
In June , the Chicago Board of Trade said it suspended Capcom Financial . 
For example , Akzo has only minor petrochemical operations , is small in plastics and does n't make fertilizers . 
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 . 
Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , CBS Inc. and General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co. unit are expected to announce soon a joint campaign to raise awareness about hunger . 
-- Per capita income of blacks , though still only 60 % that of whites , rose 3.9 % in 1988 , while per capita income of whites rose only 1.5 % . 
Dollar : 141.52 yen , up 0.07 ; 1.8353 marks , off 0.0002 . 
My position is one founded on both the facts and the law . 
`` I love Pilson , but he was the guy who complained most bitterly and loudly , '' says Robert Wussler , a former CBS Sports president . 
Mr. Ritterman said that in the next six months he will take $ 50 million from the Soap Opera Digest sale to acquire new magazines . 
Analysts said the nation 's second-largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes . 
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 . 
Speculation as to the nature of aliens will no doubt continue until we wake up one morning to find they 've taken over `` The Today Show , '' the way they overwhelm an entire town in Jack Finney 's `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' ( Fireside\/Simon & Schuster , 216 pages , $ 8.95 ) . 
Third-quarter earnings at Amerada Hess more than tripled to $ 51.81 million , or 64 cents a share , from $ 15.7 million , or 20 cents a share , a year earlier . 
But he does expect `` a muffler dragger '' of an economy , with `` very slow growth , maybe one quarter of no growth at all . '' 
Mr. Merksamer is leading the buy-out . 
Industry executives said Philip Morris had asked the other agencies to create campaigns in a bid to stop the brand 's slipping market share . 
In April , the psyllium bandwagon got more crowded . 
A heavy dose of cash is prescribed , along with a heavier-than-usual allotment to bonds -- preferably government bonds . 
The new accusations come at a delicate time in U.S. efforts to bring about talks between Israel and Palestinian representatives . 
The latest quarter included a $ 6.6 million write-down of investments . 
That two successful producers who are n't all that well known outside Hollywood could occasion such a clash of corporate titans suggests how desperate the quest for proven talent is in the movie business . 
Why , a Bob Gates might even have said , `` Nor are Soviet problems susceptible to rescue from abroad through abundant Western credits . '' 
However , other knowledgeable observers said they believed Mr. Crandall and the AMR board might well decide to tough it out without taking any extra steps . 
Moody 's also said it raised its rating on the Deposit Insurance Bridge Bank , now known as Bank One , Texas N.A. , reflecting the support of other banking affiliates and substantial assistance for the FDIC . 
A year earlier , the company had a deficit of $ 1.5 million , or six cents a share . 
In responding to questions , Mr. Greenspan played down reports of tension between the Fed and the Treasury over exchange-rate policy . 
A typical British executive car is mass produced and smaller than a luxury car . 
The 650-or-so local whites who are n't Orange Workers are more troubled . 
Though it collects such data daily , its monthly reports on program trading usually come out about three weeks after each month ends . 
This year he produced a men 's line and offers dyed furs in red , cherry red , violet , royal blue and forest green . 
`` The hardest thing in any complex case is to retain objectivity and , in some sense , your ignorance , '' says Mr. Boies of Cravath , Swaine & Moore . 
`` A couple of things Mr. Newsom said were at least misleading , '' said Kevin O'Connell , one of the Washington regulators responsible for the handling of Lincoln . 
Columbia officials also said the thrift should n't face problems meeting regulatory capital requirements , despite the large reserves and write-downs and stiffer regulatory requirements that should be in place by year 's end . 
In other trading , Medco Containment Services gained 7\/8 to 15 on 1.9 million shares after reporting a loss for the first quarter , which ended Sept. 30 . 
Mr. Kristol , an American Enterprise Institute fellow , co-edits The Public Interest and publishes The National Interest . 
General Motors , for example , uses metric terms for its automobile bodies and power trains . 
MLX Corp. said it reached a preliminary agreement with senior lenders to its refrigeration and air-conditioning group to restructure the $ 188.5 million of credit facilities the lenders provide to the group . 
But he says he would prefer to get nominations from rank-and-file folks . 
Sears , Roebuck & Co. signed a contract with Bob Vila , the former host of the popular public television program `` This Old House , '' to star in a half-hour home improvement show sponsored by the giant retailer . 
`` We know how to get from capitalism to socialism , '' Sergiusz Niciporuk is saying one afternoon . 
The Commerce Department also is trying to encourage HDTV because of the benefits that could spin off to the semiconductor and computer industries . 
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily . 
As the trend continues , demand for mass-market items that are high quality but only mid-priced -- particularly skin-care products -- is expected to increase . 
In the nine months , net rose 35 % to $ 120.1 million , or $ 1.64 a share , from $ 89.2 million , or $ 1.22 a share , a year earlier . 
The Fed chairman 's caution was apparent again on the Monday morning after the market 's plunge , when the central bank took only modest steps to aid the markets . 
They would both give part of their combined $ 50 million in common equity in SCI TV to holders of SCI TV 's $ 488 million of junk bonds , as a carrot to persuade them to accept new bonds that might reduce the value of their claims on the company . 
Some days the coaches make you feel as though you are part of a large herd of animals . 
The New York suit was filed on behalf of Justice Isaac Rubin , whose appointment to the state appellate division expires at year end , and all other judges hurt by the alleged age discrimination . 
The scandal has faded and flared , but recent disclosures propelled it back onto the front pages , and that has helped galvanize the opposition , which last week blocked passage of two constitutional amendment bills . 
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire . 
It raised financing of 300 billion lire for the purchase this summer by another Agnelli-related group of the food concern Galbani S.p . A. , by selling a chunk of its IFI shares to Mediobanca S.p . A. 
Industrial production declined 0.1 % in September , reinforcing other signs that the manufacturing sector continues its slowing trend . 
Under the proposal by Equitec , a financially troubled real-estate syndicator , New York-based Hallwood Group Inc. would replace Equitec as the newly formed master limited partnership 's general partner and manager . 
It means it is virtually impossible to fire or even transfer incompetent principals . 
But the Soviets also are insisting that they will reserve the right to withdraw from the completed strategic-arms treaty later on if the U.S. does SDI testing or deployment that the Soviets think violates the existing anti-ballistic-missile treaty . 
`` Aerospace orders are very good , '' Mr. Cole says . 
Automatic Data Processing Inc. plans to redeem on Nov. 16 its $ 150 million of 6.5 % convertible subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2011 . 
Interest on the bonds will be treated as a preference item in calculating the federal alternative minimum tax that may be imposed on certain investors . 
Bell Atlantic Corp. and Southern New England Telecommunications posted strong profit gains for the third quarter , while Nynex Corp. , Pacific Telesis Group and U S West Inc. reported earnings declines for the period . 
Diversification pays . 
Many in Washington say President Bush will have to raise taxes to pay for his war on drugs . 
For the first nine months , advertising pages in consumer magazines tracked by the Publishers Information Bureau increased 4 % from the same period last year , to 125,849 pages . 
That 's a taxable-equivalent yield nearly three percentage points more than the current yield on 30-year Treasury bonds . 
SHORT SKIRTS not welcome in Texas court : 
P&G , in fact , is noted for gaining market leadership by introducing products that offer a technical edge over the competition . 
How easy it is To attack others ' views Without ever setting A foot in their shoes ! 
FEMA still has special disaster centers open to handle the aftermath of Hugo , and spokesman Russell Clanahan acknowledged that `` we 're pretty thin . '' 
`` This is a democratic process -- you ca n't slam-dunk anything around here . '' 
The surprise resignations of two top economic government officials heaped more uncertainty on London 's financial markets , which already have been laboring under worries about Britain 's ailing economy . 
The envelope arrives in the mail . 
Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two-week trading account and the start of a new account . 
If HDTV takes off in the U.S. , there will be demand for some 4,000 to 5,000 HDTV converters , known in the industry as telecines . 
Qintex Entertainment , a producer and distributor of television programs most noted for its co-production of the hit miniseries `` Lonesome Dove , '' said it filed for Chapter 11 protection after Qintex Australia failed to provide it with $ 5.9 million owed to MCA Inc. in connection with the distribution of `` The New Leave It to Beaver Show . '' 
Mr. Marrie said the problems in Arizona have only `` increased our resolve to continue to make our restructuring even more effective . '' 
SOFT CONTACT LENSES WON federal blessing on March 18 , 1971 , and quickly became eye openers for their makers . 
The national office currently has 21 noncriminal audit projects , according to Marshall V. Washburn , deputy assistant commissioner for examination . 
Per-share net rose to 14.95 yen from 14.44 yen . 
The result is that the unthinkable and illogical are happening . 
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment . 
NBI also said it has hired Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. as its financial adviser and investment banker to help it restructure financially and improve its balance sheet . 
Fear of the price police could help cool things off in the 1990s . 
-- A young woman who has been out of town shows up at the Marina Middle School to learn that her apartment is on the condemned list . 
The government 's Office of Bank Supervision and Examination told the National Assembly this month that in the first half of 1989 , the nation 's 30 largest business groups bought real estate valued at $ 1.5 billion . 
Ethan Bronner 's `` Battle for Justice : How the Bork Nomination Shook America '' ( Norton , 399 pages , $ 22.50 ) is a spirited narrative of the nastiest of these hearings , done with journalistic verve , but with a flawed legal philosophy . 
Nor did it ease restrictions on exports to Poland and Hungary , according to U.S. officials who attended the talks . 
On the surface , the decline in September durable goods -- only 0.1 % -- did n't appear very weak . 
I read the exerpts of Wayne Angell 's exchange with a Gosbank representative ( `` Put the Soviet Economy on Golden Rails , '' editorial page , Oct. 5 ) with great interest , since the gold standard is one of my areas of research . 
I could see the flames from San Francisco from my house across the bay . 
A three-judge panel of the court in Cincinnati made the ruling Saturday . 
Sandra Kaul , research analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton , said the market pushed higher mainly in anticipation of a late harvest in the Ivory Coast , a major cocoa producer . 
The largest purchase was by Dudley Taft , who bought 4,400 shares for $ 125,075 . 
Many resorts also are focusing more on the service side of their business . 
He said 1989 's net income could be 11 % to 13 % of revenue , which , assuming current expectations , would be 40 % to 45 % below 1988 's level . 
Consumers Power Co. , now the main unit of CMS Energy , ran into financial problems over its $ 4.2 billion Midland nuclear plant , which was abandoned as a nuclear facility in 1984 because of construction delays and high costs . 
Polly Peck 's chairman , Asil Nadir , echoed the official Japanese view of the accord , which was announced Friday . 
But the administration has dropped any effort to win military aid for the rebels . 
Interest rates generally began declining last spring after moving steadily upward for more than a year . 
As rescuers pressed their efforts after finding a survivor in a collapsed freeway , the San Francisco Bay area girded for hundreds of thousands of commuters seeking to avoid routes ravaged by last Tuesday 's tremor . 
Until then , Conseco said the stock remains convertible into common stock at the rate of 1.439 shares of common stock for each share of preferred stock , which is equivalent to a conversion price of $ 17.50 a common share . 
ONCE YOU MAKE UP your mind about an investment , the rest is easy , right ? 
The figures are at seasonally adjusted annual rates in trillions of dollars . 
The optical products company has signed a licensing agreement with Photoprotective Technologies Inc. , a closely held firm in San Antonio , Texas , which has developed a method to incorporate the synthetic melanin into plastic lenses . 
It was considered a victory for Democratic leaders , who favor a law barring flag burning . 
Our plan is to honor Charles Schulz and the strip all year long . '' 
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting . 
CBS held the previous record for consecutive No. 1 victories -- 46 weeks -- during the 1962-63 season . 
Data for 1987 from the National Association of Suggestion Systems and the Japan Human Relations Association also indicate that Japanese employers adopt four of five suggestions , while their U.S. counterparts accept just one in four . 
Instead , many small and medium-sized banks , and some larger ones , are likely to take one of the other two options open to them under the plan , Japanese banking officials said . 
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million . 
Renault officials said the potential European market for light trucks in the 2.5-ton to 4.2-ton range is between 700,000 and 800,000 vehicles annually , and Renault and DAF are aiming for a combined market share of about 11 % . 
What Aeroflot does n't pour into its own gas-guzzling Ilyushins is bartered to the airport authority , which resells it to 11 Western carriers including Air France , Trans World Airlines and Pakistan International Airlines . 
These are the families who used -- and sometime abused -- their sharecroppers , people who had no encouragement and little access to an education or training for a better life . 
But unlike most patients , her roommate was her husband . 
That would be a huge problem if it were to continue , because Unisys is betting its business on the assumption that customers want to move away from using operating systems that run on only one manufacturer 's equipment and toward systems -- mainly Unix -- that work on almost anyone 's machines . 
This scheme would fit the Arias Plan , which declared a false symmetry between Soviet military aid to the Sandinista dictatorship and that provided by Washington to freely elected governments . 
The 55-year-old Mr. Noriega is n't as smooth as the shah of Iran , as well-born as Nicaragua 's Anastasio Somoza , as imperial as Ferdinand Marcos of the Philippines or as bloody as Haiti 's Baby Doc Duvalier . 
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions . 
Another provision clarifies certain limits on when prosecutors may use tax-fraud charges as a basis for bringing a racketeering case . 
For the nine months Great Western posted net of $ 177.5 million , or $ 1.37 a share , a 5.9 % decline from $ 188.7 million , or $ 1.48 a share , in the year-ago period . 
He said ours is supposed to be `` a government of laws not of men , '' and yet RICO defenders `` tell us that we should rely on prosecutorial discretion to protect against overbreadth of RICO . '' 
While his company 's hotel is building a retail complex in Beverly Hills style and redoing existing rooms , it has decreased the number of its rooms . 
Instead of being just an ad agency , he said : `` We have redefined our mission here . 
United Air 's parent may have to pay as much as $ 53.7 million to the labor-management buy-out group for fees and expenses incurred in their failed $ 6.79 billion takeover bid . 
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage-backed securities were up about 1\/8 point . 
The last time all three companies reported North American automotive losses was in the recession year of 1982 . 
Last week , `` Murphy Brown '' was viewed by 14.1 % of the available television households , while the number dropped to 12.6 % for `` Teddy Z '' and rose to 14.2 % for `` Designing Women . '' 
`` If anything , we 're going to see defaults increase because credit ratings have declined , '' says Paul Asquith , associate professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Sloan School of Management . 
That is the greatest share reported for any year since 1950 , although changing definitions over the years distort the comparison . 
Shares of Kasler , a California road and bridge builder , were heavily traded , jumping 2 1\/8 to 9 7\/8 on 1.3 million shares . 
The $ 6.07 billion increase was the strongest weekly inflow since January 1988 . 
We may ask questions as you go along , or we may wait until the end . '' 
And Japan 's minister of agriculture , forestry and fisheries told a committee of Japan 's parliament that Washington 's proposal was impractical and that Tokyo would continue to heavily subsidize its rice farmers . 
But under the bank 's proposed statutes , an assembly of shareholders must approve board members . 
Under the terms of the settlement , the limited partners would drop their civil suits against Drexel , now pending in federal court in New York , another individual said . 
Connecticut Housing Finance Authority -- $ 132.8 million of housing mortgage revenue bonds priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group . 
Consumers will be able to switch on their HDTV sets and get all the viewing benefits the high-tech medium offers . 
H. Marshall Schwarz was named chairman and chief executive officer of U.S. Trust Corp. , a private-banking firm with assets under management of about $ 17 billion . 
The S&P 500 rose 4 % , the Dow Jones Equity Market index gained 3.7 % and the New York Stock Exchange composite index added 3.5 % . 
But how sweet it is . 
White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater said negotiations between Bush aides and lawmakers ended Monday without success . 
Cray Research will retain a 10 % interest in the new company , which will be based in Colorado Springs , Colo . 
In subsequent experiments , one of two neutron detectors occasionally indicated a burst of neutrons but neutron bursts were never recorded in both detectors at the same time . 
It is n't a current topic of conversation at the company , '' said Barry Diller , chairman and chief executive officer of the Fox Inc. unit of News Corp . 
Then I noticed the car was bouncing up and down as if someone were jumping on it . 
Not a gripping question , unless you 're the pastry chef of this city 's Chez Panisse restaurant and you 've just lost your priceless personal dessert notebook . 
Tokyo stocks closed firmer Monday , with the Nikkei index making its fifth consecutive daily gain . 
Still to come are big issues by Bindal Agro Chem Ltd. , a petrochemical and agrochemical company , and Usha Rectifier Corp . ( India ) , a semiconductor maker . 
But `` a bunch of utilities '' should post profit increases . 
Mr. Smith recommends Cypress Semiconductor that is currently showing a robust 63 % earnings growth rate . 
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . '' 
A Bank of New York spokesman in Manhattan , Owen Brady , said , `` That 's the maximum , outside figure . 
Israel was seated by a vote of 95-37 , with 15 abstentions . 
The three existing plants and their land will be sold . 
The bill vetoed by the president in June , which the House failed to override , would have lifted the minimum wage to $ 4.55 an hour by late 1991 , with a training wage for up to two months , generally for a worker 's first job . 
India 's overregulated businessmen had to be persuaded , but they have started to think big . 
A record date has n't been set . 
They lied to me on the recruiting trip . 
Loan guarantees do n't appear at all until the borrower defaults , so new guarantees do not raise the deficit , even though they create future liabilities for the government . 
`` What have you got ? 
In the third paragraph it referred to the senators seeking loophole suggestions from lobbyists for various sectors of the economy . 
CALIFORNIA REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT Corp. said its directors declared a dividend of five cents per Class A common stock payable Nov. 6 to stock of record Oct. 16 . 
Pressed on the matter , he is more specific . 
The issue by Chicago & North Western is one of the so-called good junk-bond offerings on the new-issue calendar . 
These A 's , however , got few grades as low as B on their 1989 report card . 
Eastern and its creditors agreed in July on a reorganization plan that called for the carrier to sell off $ 1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from Chapter 11 status in late 1989 at two-thirds its former size . 
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners 821-201 , with 103 unchanged . 
Ronald Edwin Parsons Ballwin , Mo . 
PaineWebber repeated a buy recommendation on the stock and raised its 1990 earnings estimate by 35 cents a share , to $ 5.10 . 
Intel 's microprocessors are the chips of choice in many of today 's personal computers and the 80486 microprocessor is the spearhead of the company 's bid to guard that spot in the next generation of machines . 
Mr. Templeton owns shares in several of the 33 funds that his firm manages , but only in three of the 10 available to U.S. investors , according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
That contrasts with the penny-ante sales of things such as pen-and-pencil sets and office supplies that are known as `` Hollywood '' scams . 
Ending tax-free shopping in the European Community after 1992 could threaten more than 3,000 jobs , the International Duty Free Confederation said . 
We suspect voters are fed up with the finagling . 
And if that happens , the entire process of transferring technology to the marketplace could be harmed , they say . 
THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY 'S 1988 costs of fund raising and administration were $ 72.4 million , or 23.2 % of its revenue . 
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19-story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 . 
Analysts estimate Colgate 's world-wide third-quarter sales rose about 8 % to $ 1.29 billion . 
Critics contend that traders were putting buying or selling for their own accounts ahead of other traders ' customer orders . 
Did Mr. Loeb seek personal gain ( and if so , how ) ? 
But the greatest damage was visited on buildings and roadways perched upon landfill , as were the Marina District of San Francisco and the Bay Bridge -- two areas of maximum devastation . 
Not selling into a panic turned out to be very good advice : Despite the market 's volatility , the Dow Jones Industrial Average has surged 114 points in the past four days . 
The implication is that your permanent-insurance policy is really some kind of CD or mutual-fund account with an added feature . 
Next month , Seagate Technology , which is the dominant supplier of hard-disk drives for personal computers , plans to introduce its first family of low-power drives for battery-operated computers . 
Selling the presidency for a mess of pottage is not so much a devaluation from the norm of public life today as it is a reflection of the disintegration of public standards . 
But with industrial growth stagnant and inflation showing signs of easing , some voices may call for measures to pump new life into the economy . 
Mr. Genscher and U.S. Secretary of Commerce Robert A. Mosbacher , in separate speeches at the conference , appealed for more Western contributions to economic reforms and business development in Hungary and Poland . 
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health-club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. , buoyed by improved operating profit in its tire segment , reported that third-quarter net income rose 11 % to $ 70.5 million , or $ 1.22 a share . 
Moreover , some analysts said they expect a foreign paper company with deeper pockets than Georgia-Pacific to end up acquiring Nekoosa , signaling to the rest of the industry that hostile bids are unproductive . 
FOR YEARS , costume jewelry makers fought a losing battle . 
Motorola is in good company . 
The Sandinistas of Nicaragua , for example , also are part of the Castro-Medellin cartel nexus . 
The agency 's three California offices , previously called AC&R\/CCL Advertising , will now be called AC&R Advertising to match the name of its New York office . 
She thinks the next area of support for copper is in the $ 1.09 to $ 1.10 range . 
Coca-Cola Enterprises said it had to boost spending for trade and dealer incentives to try to keep volumes from slipping . 
Mr. Fernandez does n't take control in New York until January , but already he 's roiling the waters . 
The Food and Drug Administration that day said Bausch & Lomb could start selling them in the U.S. . 
The S&L bailout could cost $ 300 billion , computing interest on the government 's loans . 
There are seemingly endless twists to universal life , and it pays to ask questions about all of them . 
In addition , they said that months of exposure to the chemicals has left them sensitive to a wide range of commonly used substances . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
He bases the estimate on a survey of hundreds of Digital 's largest customers . 
The $ 472 million of losses State Farm expects from Hugo and an additional $ 300 million from the earthquake are less than 5 % of State Farm 's $ 16.7 billion total net worth . 
Digital , however , does n't expect to displace IBM mainframes that are already installed at big companies . 
The per-share loss was $ 5.32 . 
United met the $ 38 but then withdrew . 
I realize you were just looking for something snotty to say about California and its environmental movement , but picking Frank Lloyd Wright to say it for you was a bad call . 
Today , with business activity in Hong Kong staggering along at an uneven pace , the economy itself seems locked in a struggle between hope and fear . 
Investors will develop `` thicker skins , '' and their confidence will return , he says . 
Without any admission or denial of guilt by Mr. Holmes , that agreement settled SEC charges that Mr. Holmes sold unregistered securities and misled investors . 
But Mr. Runkel said the government is n't `` backing off on these kinds of matters at all . 
`` I 'm certain that in the course of the hearings the names { of the senators } will be brought out , '' Mr. Gonzalez says . 
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales . 
Its stock closed at $ 38 , up $ 1.875 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
Wang had previously forecast a loss . 
Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include Union Carbide , RJR Nabisco , American Natural Resources , Boise Cascade Corp. , General Foods Corp. , Houston Natural Gas and FMC Corp . 
MiniScribe has been on the rocks since it disclosed early this year that its earnings reports for 1988 were n't accurate . 
Investors , trying to raise cash , have sold `` large liquid issues '' such as RJR Holdings Corp. and Kroger Co. ; declines in these benchmark issues have contributed to the market 's distress . 
`` We believe that the court will find it unlawful , '' said a US Sprint spokesman . 
In a statement to employees , Eastern said the company was disappointed by the ruling . 
National Convenience Stores Inc. , trying to shake the doldrums in the convenience-store business , said it will rearrange the merchandise in all of its stores in the next 18 months to cater better to the neighborhoods around its stores . 
What 's more , Mr. Lang says he has what all publishers wish for : a bona fide niche . 
But Sun Microsystems slipped 1\/4 to 17 1\/4 . 
`` It 's going to set things back for a period , because it reinforces the concern of volatility , '' says Jeffrey B. Lane , president of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The magazine alleged that in making the donations , the pachinko industry may have been offering bribes to win support in the battle against prepaid cards , or it may have been laundering money back and forth between the JSP and the North Korean residents ' organization , the Chosen Soren . 
Josh makes clumsy passes at Kate when she 's seething with anger and fear , but we know from the outset that he 's not a member of the evil patriarchy . 
When traders become confident that the stock market has stabilized , oil prices are expected to rise as supply and demand fundamentals once again become the major consideration . 
The Nasdaq over-the-counter market did n't fully recover from a selling stampede , and closed down 1.2 % . 
Among the three worst-performing groups , with declines of 10 % to 20 % , are airlines , casinos and securities brokers . 
`` Foothills wants to make it clear to other pipeline companies that it 's on first insofar as transporting gas from the Arctic to southern markets , '' Mr. Hillary said . 
Such concrete analysis is likely to lead to more fruitful dialogue between management and shareholders than the abstract debate about poison pills . 
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders . 
Alongside the current non-convertible ruble , a second currency would be introduced that could be freely exchanged for dollars and other Western currencies . 
They also chart the evolution of a city that has grown tenfold in the author 's lifetime , from a colonial outpost of fez-wearing pashas to a Third World slum choking on its own refuse . 
Of the almost 3,000 athletes surveyed , 1,240 took the time to respond . 
ABB Asea Brown Boveri is the Dutch unit of the Swedish-Swiss electrical engineering group ABB Asea Brown Boveri AG . 
`` Unions would have a profound effect on the whole culture of the company , '' says Bernard La Londe , a professor at Ohio State University at Columbus and a Federal consultant . 
Both offers are conditional on regulatory approvals and enough shares being tendered to give the bidders a majority of Connaught 's shares outstanding . 
Mercury 's stock closed yesterday at $ 4.875 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
The issue has assumed some of the character of past civil-rights debates and reopens old regional divisions in the Democratic majority . 
The Italian auto maker confirmed that it was discussing technical cooperation with Saab , but declined to comment on rumors that it was planning to buy Saab 's car division . 
On Monday , a letter from Mr. Skinner 's deputy , Elaine Chao , said the administration opposed the legislation `` in its present form . '' 
Arizona Instrument Corp. said it expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 600,000 , or 25 cents to 27 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 214,000 , or 10 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Miss DeLay requested that he come to her studio with a tape of the recital . 
`` He 's a very tough man , but one who 's also open to arguments , '' adds an aide to West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl . 
Erik Keller , a Gartner Group analyst , said organizational changes may still be required to really take advantage of CIM 's capabilities -- someone on the shop floor may not like having someone in an office using a personal computer to look over his shoulder , for instance , and may be able to prevent that from happening . 
Time Warner reported a $ 176 million loss for the third quarter , reflecting the cost of the recent merger and a method of accounting for the deal . 
SHIBUMI : 
The scope of the improvement in the U.S. business caught some analysts by surprise . 
Nor does it at all resemble ( despite what some executives think ) the more intimate variety offered at specialty parlors in bad parts of town . 
The decision , which affects millions of dollars of trading positions , was made late yesterday because the Pacific exchange 's options floor was shut down as a result of Tuesday 's earthquake . 
Although the East German news agency ADN claimed Mr. Honecker had asked to be relieved of his duties for `` health reasons , '' West German government sources said the 26-man Politburo had asked for his resignation at a separate meeting late Tuesday . 
You built your career on prejudice and hate . 
But Brooks declined , figuring that transporting the mucked up money to Washington would cost the company thousands more . 
Royal Business Group Inc. said it filed suit in federal court here charging Realist Inc. and its directors with violating federal securities laws `` by engaging in a scheme to prevent '' Royal from acquiring Realist . 
The `` Fairness '' Doctrine 's enthusiasts are incumbents in the House who know the rules squelch lively discussions on broadcasts , deterring feisty challengers . 
JUMPING THE GUN : 
Turnover was 382.9 million shares , compared with 449.3 million Wednesday . 
That means it 's unlikely the company will surpass last year 's $ 4.9 billion full-year profit , even though net for the first nine months was up 1.9 % to $ 3.52 billion on revenue of $ 95.57 billion . 
Allen B. Richards Peterborough , N.H . 
The Polish rat will eat well this winter . 
Vincent M Ciavarella , regional manager of Property Management Systems , insists he does n't know of any bogus telemarketers operating in the 1.6 million square feet of office space around Fashion Island that his company leases for Irvine Co. , the owner and developer of the project . 
Businessland Inc. said it purchased a major regional computer retailer , Data Systems Computer Centre Inc. , Springfield , New Jersey . 
The highest level was in June 1989 , when a daily average of 22.1 million shares traded in program strategies . 
The unsecured creditors agreed in principle to support New Haven , Conn.-based United Illuminating 's new bid . 
And it calculates how often the words appear in the story compared with how often they appear in the entire data base . 
`` Mad Rush '' began its life as the accompaniment to the Dalai Lama 's first public address in the U.S. , when Mr. Glass played it on the organ at New York 's Cathedral of St. John the Divine . 
`` On a stand-alone basis , the network ought to make money , '' he says . 
First-round draft picks have done even better : Average salaries and bonuses for them rose to $ 685,000 this year , up 44 % from 1987 . 
They have maintained that banks remain interested in financing the transaction . 
In addition , Ralph Ingersoll II , 43 , chairman and chief executive , said he would take on additional responsibilities as editor in chief of the company . 
In addition to selling Japanese-made photocopiers and facsimile machines in Europe and copier supplies in the U.S. , Nashua has three other major businesses : labels and tapes , data storage disks for computers and mail-order photofinishing . 
It 's a danger . 
`` The company 's product businesses , with the exception of electronic components , had higher operating earnings for the first nine months of 1989 , '' the company said . 
Such news is good for bonds because economic weakness sometimes causes the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in an effort to stimulate the economy and stave off a recession . 
Mr. Lombardo , the last of the defendants to settle the suit , agreed to pay the government the $ 250,000 within one week . 
`` The capriciousness would completely disrupt our operations , '' says Ernesto Vega Velasco , Desc 's finance director . 
Those chains include Bloomingdale 's , which Campeau recently said it will sell . 
In the lingo of computer security , the NASA intruder is technically a computer worm , Mr. Redmond said . 
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
Business : Restaurants 
Lawrence B. Seidman , 41 years old , was named chairman of this savings and loan institution . 
Money manager Robert Ross , head of Duncan Ross Associates Ltd. in Vancouver , British Columbia , says stocks would have to fall 15 % to 20 % before they are competitive with less risky investment alternatives . 
For the nine months , it had a loss of $ 58.3 million , or $ 2.44 a share , after earnings of $ 29.5 million , or $ 1.20 a share , in the 1988 period . 
However , to resume the bull trend , according to Mr. O'Neill , copper would have to close over $ 1.19 . 
The purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential . 
JROE : 
People familiar with B.A.T say possible acquirers for the units include managers from both retailing chains , and General Cinema Corp. , which is interested in bidding for Saks . 
The latest month 's figures show that imports of steel from European Community nations fell to 466,000 tons from 481,000 a month earlier , while imports from Japan rose to 323,000 tons from 288,000 in July . 
The suit seeks `` in excess of $ 350,000 in damages . '' 
If a TV weatherman gets butterflies facing the camera again after a questionable forecast , Donald H. Straszheim surely understands . 
Beneficial Corp. -- 
In the end , Mr. Davis used junk bonds so that he could raise Paramount 's bid to $ 200 a share . 
That 's a break from Compaq tradition , because the company does n't announce products until they 're actually at the dealers . 
Fog shrouded the base before touchdown . 
Says Mr. Chan : `` When I showed it was from my own brain , they lost for the second time . '' 
StatesWest Airlines said it submitted an offer to the directors of Mesa Airlines to acquire the Farmington , N.M. , carrier . 
The results of the quake certainly raise questions about whether reasonable care was taken , Mr. Messina says . 
Apparently acknowledging weaker U.S. sales systemwide , McDonald 's vowed `` to use our size and muscle to do all that is necessary to build the brand . '' 
Stephen A. Saltzburg , one of five trustees appointed to monitor payments to women injured by the Dalkon Shield intrauterine contraceptive , resigned , citing personal reasons . 
But this is not the entire Afghan army , and it is no longer Kabul 's only military force . 
`` I believe everyday pricing in the current environment does n't work , '' says Walter Loeb of Morgan Stanley & Co. , pointing to soft durable-goods sales . 
-- Freshman football player . 
InterMedia Capital Corp. , Robin Cable Systems L.P. and Brenmor Cable Partners , offering of senior subordinated discount reset debentures , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
At the same time , my share in a wide variety of entertainment pursuits has given perhaps the most dramatic demonstration of the benefits of creative personal financial planning . 
According to the proxy statement , James E. Cayne , 55 , Bear Stearns 's president , made $ 3.9 million ; an executive vice president , Michael L. Tarnopol , 53 , made nearly $ 3.4 million ; and two executive vice presidents , Vincent J. Mattone , 44 , and William J. Michaelcheck , 42 , made about $ 3.3 million each . 
The electronics-instruments maker is to be acquired by Asset Management Associates for $ 7.25 a share . 
The metaphor of theater is not entirely coincidental . 
The memo attempts to remove the tourist board as far as possible from the agency , which pleaded innocent to the charges . 
The close was the highest since Aug. 15 . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3425.22 , up 
Mr. Simmons declined to comment , and the White House said the congressmen 's letter is under review . 
GM closed down $ 1.875 at $ 44.875 in New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday . 
Jim Pattison Industries , a holding company with annual sales of about C$ 1.9 billion , largely from car dealerships and grocery stores , did n't elaborate on the statement , and a company official declined further comment . 
`` I guess I thought , ` This is the World Series and I 'm not gon na wimp out ! ' '' 
Yet the chief reason for the closure , he says , was rooted in a family tradition that would n't allow a bank to bear the Rothschild name without a Rothschild in its management . 
Earlier this month , Mr. Icahn boosted his USX stake to 13.4 % . 
The charge of being `` outside the mainstream '' of legal thought gravely undercut Mr. Bork 's scholarly standing , leaving him bleeding on the platform . 
One of the two British companies still making hard toilet paper stopped production of it . 
Revenue rose 17 % to $ 1.62 billion from $ 1.39 billion . 
The team even created a points system to identify those couriers and subgroups that were doing the most to reduce package-sort cycle time . 
Gold and silver broker Preston Semel asked a federal court to halt the Commodity Exchange from imposing a record $ 550,000 fine on his firm . 
Its shares closed at $ 5.125 each in composite New York Stock Exchange trading , down 37.5 cents . 
I 've been advising small businesses many years and have lived with the fact that 50 % will go out of business within two years , and 80 % in five years . 
Dime Savings Bank of New York was cleared by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to acquire Starpointe Savings Bank of Somerset , N.J. , the banks said . 
What 's really going on here ? 
Ali Khalifa Al-Sabah , Kuwait 's oil minister , recently estimated OPEC capacity at 25 million barrels a day . 
It is one of a series of studies on health commissioned by the New York Business Group , a non-profit organization with about 300 members . 
Investors who wish to be out of a position , without the risk of receiving a worse-than-expected price from a market order , may use this type of order to specify the price at which the order must be filled . 
Some people argue that strong brands can afford to stop advertising for a time because of the residual impact of hundreds of millions of dollars spent on advertising through the years . 
Peter Pae in Pittsburgh contributed to this article . 
The Wilbur translation is remarkable -- well worth a read and even better seen in the theater if you ever have the opportunity . 
Strong profit in the process industries , including chemical and pulp and paper , were offset by higher interest expense and by lower earnings as the company closed out certain long-term contracts . 
`` Adverse pressure on gross margins ... has subsided , '' Mr. Sculley said . 
But the pilots union , which has been pushing for a takeover since 1987 , appears to be pressing ahead with the revised bid to avoid further loss of momentum even though it has n't found a partner to replace British Air . 
The bank syndicate is made up mostly of European banks , but it includes China 's state-owned Citic Industrial Bank . 
Guardian Royal Exchange Assurance PLC , a major British composite insurer , said it is taking a stake in Nationwide Anglia Building Society 's estate agency business as part of a plan to create a range of commercial linkages in the U.K. and Europe . 
Why did East Bloc participants unanimously endorse market-based pollution approaches ? 
A large part of the long-term appreciation of assets reflects inflation , and the taxation of inflation-created capital gains is confiscation . 
Americans did n't dislike metrics ; they simply ignored them . 
The information on 125 metropolitan markets is supplied by retailers such as Sears , Roebuck & Co. and K mart Corp. as well as closely held concerns such as R.H. Macy & Co . 
For the nine months , net income rose 48 % to $ 124.2 million , or $ 1.41 a share , from $ 83.8 million , or 96 cents a share a year earlier . 
`` I wanted to be in business . '' 
Odds and Ends 
Kellogg is so anxious to turn around Corn Flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents , trade sources say . 
`` It 's just like weather forecasting , '' says Energy Transportation trial attorney Harry Reasoner of Vinson & Elkins . 
With Mr. Icahn breathing down his neck , however , Mr. Corry may have little choice but to sell at a weak price , even if it means losing some steel-related tax-loss carryforwards . 
There are two exceptions : Josh ( Jeffrey DeMunn ) , the local doctor who has always loved Kate ; and Lincoln ( Richard Masur ) , Kate 's simple-minded but affectionate brother . 
Soybean futures for November delivery gained 5.25 cents a bushel to close at $ 5.66 a bushel on the Chicago Board of Trade . 
As a result , Mr. Telzrow said he cut his fiscal 1990 per-share earnings estimate for Tandy to $ 4.05 from $ 4.20 . 
The unit 's first two offerings are slated to be `` The Secret Life of Ian Fleming , '' a dramatization about the former British spy who wrote the James Bond novels , and `` Treasure Island , '' produced by Charlton Heston , who also stars in the movie . 
When the Supreme Soviet passed laws on workers ' rights in May 1987 and on self-managing cooperatives a year later , some Western observers assumed Mikhail Gorbachev had launched the Soviet Union on a course that would lead inevitably to the creation of a market economy . 
Mr. Rockefeller , buried beneath a 180-foot-tall granite obelisk , did n't seem right for an ad either . 
Other companies based in the area include Hewlett-Packard , which rose 1\/4 to 49 ; National Semiconductor , which went up 1\/4 to 7 5\/8 , and Genentech , which eased 1\/4 to 19 5\/8 . 
Dana also said it was hurt by slumping U.S. truck sales and by a strike at a parts supplier . 
Federal Paper Board Co. said it completed the previously announced purchase of Imperial Cup Corp. , a closely held maker of paper cups based in Kenton , Ohio . 
It came on the heels of a number of local newspaper articles suggesting that Mr. Paul has benefited handsomely from his association with CenTrust . 
2 ) Encourage long-term occupancy by forgiving one month 's payment ( off the tail end of the mortgage ) for every six months paid ; or perhaps have the down payment deferred to the end of the mortgage ( balloon ) , but `` forgiven '' on a monthly pro-rata basis as long as the owner remains the occupant . 
The rest , as they say , is history . 
Take the scene in which Kate stands naked by a lighted window , whispering to her hidden assailant , `` Look all you want . 
Researchers in Belgium said they have developed a genetic engineering technique for creating hybrid plants for a number of crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice . 
A group of investors recently bought the remaining assets of Spendthrift , hoping to rebuild it . 
The incident was n't the only time the judge got special treatment from his local bank . 
Camera sales showed the strongest gains , rising 37 % to 50.59 billion yen . 
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days . 
So the Kidder brokers had to call other company offices to get quotes on stocks . 
Polaroid Corp. , benefiting from staff-reduction savings , reported a strong gain in third-quarter operating results and net income of $ 29.9 million , or 40 cents a share , after preferred-stock requirements . 
Copper 
It was supposed to be a routine courtesy call . 
`` It 's like everyone climbing out of the QE II and getting into a lifeboat , '' says John Jacobson , an analyst with AUS Consultants . 
Mr. Corry also ruled that all board meetings would be held in Pittsburgh instead of New York or Findlay , Ohio , Marathon 's home . 
The French analysis goes further . 
It is partly for this reason that the exchange last week began trading in its own stock `` basket '' product that allows big investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in the Standard & Poor 's index in a single trade . 
Three other major U.S. banks posted earnings increases . 
`` It 's very revealing and soul baring , '' said Ms. Volokh . 
Stores in Hispanic areas will stock an assortment of Spanish-language magazines , Mexican cooking items and candies . 
`` That 's the problem with trying to hedge too much , '' said Mr. Brouwer . 
As of March 1 , its Flint office , with about 2,500 employees , stopped delivering bulk mail and non-subscription magazines . 
Glenn Hall contributed to this article . 
New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust -- $ 75,075,000 of various bonds , including $ 40.86 million Wastewater Treatment insured bonds , Series 1989A , and $ 34,215,000 Wastewater Treatment bonds , Series 1989B , via competitive bid . 
Mr. Baker seems especially sensitive to the Washington ailment known as Beltway-itis . 
Finally , there is one family movie that quite eloquently explores the depth of human emotion -- only its stars are bears . 
David Nash , formerly group finance director at Cadbury Schweppes PLC , will become Grand Met 's first group finance director in January . 
Barry Frank , the agent who took Mr. Pilson to lunch last March , says that even if CBS loses , say , $ 10 million , it matters little . 
As a result , Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's government is n't currently expected to ease interest rates before next spring , if then . 
But will it ? 
Price : $ 265 million . 
For Nekoosa , defense options may be undercut somewhat by the precarious state of the junk-bond market , which limits how much value the target could reach in a debt-financed recapitalization . 
They still buy apples mainly for big , red good looks -- that 's why so many taste like woodchucks ' punching bags . 
Of course , the greater volatility of the younger couple 's portfolio does n't necessarily mean those investments are riskier in terms of meeting the holders ' long-term goals . 
ENGRAPH INC. recently reported third-quarter earnings , which were mistakenly shown in the Quarterly Earnings Surprises table in last Tuesday 's edition to be lower than the average of analysts ' estimates . 
This law aids hurricane-wracked locales named by the president as disaster areas , as well as regions so designated after other 1989 disasters . 
`` I do n't want to be like { financier Alan } Bond and the other Australians . 
Diversified , the holding company for Fidelity Federal Savings & Loan Association , said the agreement also gives Star States the option to acquire 588,300 of Diversified 's 1,774,326 shares outstanding `` under certain circumstances . '' 
Finally , the case of Dr. Morgan gave Congress an opportunity to act with unaccustomed decisiveness and to engage in one of its favorite pastimes -- bashing the District of Columbia government . 
Cable & Wireless benefited from a market squeeze , bouncing 13 to 498 in moderately active volume . 
Bethlehem had little choice but to go with a European steelmaker , because its competitors already have tapped the Japanese and South Korean industry leaders , analysts noted . 
Their stock in trade as `` executive producers '' is sniffing out hot properties , locking them up and then getting big studios to bankroll and distribute them . 
Betty Lombardi is a mild-mannered homemaker and grandmother in rural Hunterdon County , N.J . 
Some individuals went to some lengths on their own to avoid the anticipated gridlock . 
MEA CULPA . 
S. Waite Rawls III , vice chairman of Continental Bank , First Options ' parent company , said the firm took on about 160 accounts formerly held by Fossett , almost all of them belonging to professional floor traders . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
In London , British Airways Chairman Lord King was quoted in the Times as declaring he is `` not prepared to take my shareholders into a hasty deal . '' 
Democrat Gene Taylor won a special election to fill the congressional seat vacated by the death of Republican Larkin Smith , taking back the GOP 's lone redoubt in Mississippi 's House delegation . 
The declines in investment and efficiency explain in part why Mexico has been importing gasoline this year . 
Here is the Commerce Department 's latest report on personal income . 
Manufacturers produced 46,835 of the vehicles -- which have engines of 500 cubic centimeters or less -- an increase of 31,777 units . 
In this they are aided by years of American , European , Pakistani and Saudi support for the most extreme factions -- radical Islamic fanatics with leaders whose policies are anathema to the Afghan public . 
Mr. Mulford , responding to critics of intervention , also said intervention is `` highly visible , '' is taken seriously by financial markets and works better than `` was recognized some time ago . '' 
Mr. Bartlett had slimmed Moliere 's cast of characters to six and set them in the London media world of Thatcherite Britain . 
A congressional subcommitee has been investigating the potential abuse from researchers holding stock in companies exploiting their research . 
The survey reported the number of people who said they bowl regularly has fallen to just 8 % from 17 % in 1981 . 
The process dramatically increased our average life expectancy , eliminated much pain and constantly improved health and well-being . 
The debt-rating concern cited the bank 's move into the Texas market , noting its profitability and capital adequacy measurements will be depressed relative to the bank 's past performance . 
`` They need to do something about this , '' said Maury Harris , economist at PaineWebber Group Inc . 
Pretoria releases the ANC leaders , most of whom were serving life sentences , and allows them to speak freely , hoping that the ANC will abandon its use of violence . 
The coating segment also posted higher sales particularly in North America and Europe . 
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 . 
So , one analyst said , even though the long-term production problems may be easing , there will still be a significant need for copper over the next three months , when inventories will remain relatively low . 
The Epilepsy Institute 's reporting of breakthrough seizures stemmed from concerns about the people we treat and care about daily . 
The Sept. 30 end of the federal fiscal year may have prodded contractors to get any behind-schedule road and bridge construction under way `` before the clock ran out , '' Mr. Christie said , referring to threatened 5 % across-the-board budget cuts . 
Collectors who have made their money on Wall Street have become an increasingly important part of the art business and their money has helped fuel the art boom , but recently it appears Sotheby 's has been returning the compliment . 
Put option on Dec. 31 , 1991 , at a fixed 107 to yield 3.43 % . 
The stock market 's precipitous drop frightened foreign investors , who quickly bid the dollar lower . 
And when he 's told `` Try a little tenderness , '' he shoots back `` I 'm going home to try a little linguine . '' 
She added that the company was considering bringing sanctions against Mr. Greenfield for making `` grossly inaccurate and unsupported allegations . 
`` Our intensive discussions with Jaguar , at their invitation , '' GM said , `` have as their objectives to create a cooperative business relationship with Jaguar that would provide for the continued independence of this great British car company , to ensure a secure future for its employees and to provide an attractive long-term return for its shareholders . '' 
Ways and Means Chairman Rostenkowski backed a simplification plan in the pending House tax bill , but the plan turns out to be a big revenue loser . 
Advertisers are resisting higher prices , which would help close the gap . 
Third-quarter sales of the Indianapolis , Ind. , company rose 11 % to $ 1.045 billion from $ 940.6 million . 
A part of the construction-oriented conglomerate SsangYong Group , it took over the dying Dong-A Motor Co. in 1986 . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , American Brands shares rose $ 1.75 to $ 73 . 
You must have world-class brands , a long-term perspective and deep pockets . '' 
Construction is set to begin in early 1991 . 
Ticketron 's automated wagering business , which operates lotteries in a half dozen states , is not for sale , the company said . 
That offer was endorsed by the shareholders committee . 
`` The alternative -- Giuliani -- is ghastly . '' 
Pinkerton 's had locked itself into low-price contracts to win new business , with no hope of profitability until the contracts expired , he adds . 
Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % . 
So Mr. Barrett , then vice president of the Alabama Steamship Association , took a steel-toothed garden rake and taped it to the underside of a leaf rake about nine inches up . 
Net was $ 192.1 million , or $ 3.33 a share , compared with net of $ 293.7 million , or $ 5.13 a share , the year earlier . 
`` Batibot , '' which started in 1983 as a hybrid of the U.S. program `` Sesame Street , '' has developed into a distinctly Philippine effort . 
But the utility may not continue next year . 
His latest coup : September 's masterminding of the five billion Swiss-franc ( $ 3.07 billion ) merger between Adia S.A. , the world 's second-largest temporary employment agency , and Inspectorate International S.A. , a Rey-controlled product-inspection company . 
He also says he is losing money now . 
Twenty-five years ago the poet Richard Wilbur modernized this 17th-century comedy merely by avoiding `` the zounds sort of thing , '' as he wrote in his introduction . 
And so on . 
His mail regularly recalls `` my one event , '' and has been growing in recent years . 
According to a spokesman , One Liberty will have paid out as dividends the required amount of its taxable income to maintain its legal status as a real estate investment trust . 
The network 's own production company , NBC Productions , supplies a half-hour family-oriented show titled `` Saved By The Bell . '' 
Mr. Marous said the business will achieve higher sales this year than the company 's target goal of 8.5 % . 
To sweeten the pact further -- and to ease concerns of institutional investors -- BellSouth added a provision designed to give extra protection to holders if the regional Bell company ever decides to buy the rest of the new cellular company . 
Like other Soviet bloc nations , it had been known as a `` people 's republic '' since 
Art indexes track winners , not losers . 
For many companies , the instinctive first response is to cut costs . 
Saying this is a first for a Western company , West Germany 's largest mail-order group said the newly established Moscow-based Intermoda company is scheduled to begin operations in February 1990 . 
But some so-called high-quality junk issues fell as some mutual funds sold their most liquid issues to raise cash . 
But , he adds , `` We ca n't tell where it will go at all because we 're still in the middle of it . '' 
As part of his image polishing , Mr. Krenz is expected to take modest steps toward reform to rebuild confidence among the people and reassert the party 's authority . 
If nothing else , such initiatives as these will provide an awareness to citizens and lawmakers and encourage appropriate corrective action . 
Granges said it also plans in the third quarter to write down the carrying value of the Tartan mine by 2.5 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 2.12 million ) , and to write off most of the C$ 6.3 million carrying value of its Windflower gold property in British Columbia . 
At the end of the third quarter , Bank of New York 's credit-card business consisted of 2.4 million accounts with $ 3.6 billion in loans outstanding . 
Many funds allow investors to void orders before the close of trading . 
Some analysts are concerned that the mega-issues , in such an unregulated environment , could lead to a mega-crash . 
For the six months ended Aug. 12 , Provigo posted net income of C$ 6.5 million , or eight Canadian cents a share , compared with C$ 18.1 million , or 21 Canadian cents a share , a year earlier . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP. ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
`` We 're very pleased with the new deal . 
They maintain that a president needs the ability to surgically remove pork-barrel spending projects that are attached to big omnibus spending bills . 
`` I would suspect that a lot of investment committees are looking into whether ( they ) want to be in stocks at all , '' he said . 
K mart tested the warehouse-club sector last year with its acquisition of a 51 % interest in Makro Inc . 
During the third quarter , Exxon purchased 8.34 million shares of its stock at a cost of $ 373 million . 
The price of the second simulator ranges between C$ 16.4 million and C$ 18 million , CAE said , depending on when the Army exercises its option . 
Now there 's an idea . 
Carl Ericson , who runs the Colonial Intermediate High Income Fund , says the fund 's 25 % leverage has jacked up its interest income . 
Analysts said SKF 's results for the first nine months lived up to market expectations as brokerage firms had predicted a pretax profit of 1.74 billion to 1.86 billion kronor . 
Spokesmen at Drexel and First Executive said the companies had n't yet been served with the suit . 
Single-cell protein never panned out , and most companies abandoned such research . 
Linking up Showtime with the largest cable operator in the U.S. could sharply boost its subscribers . 
In national over-the-counter trading , LIN shares soared $ 4.625 to closed at $ 112.625 , while McCaw fell $ 2.50 a share to $ 37.75 . 
Stratus Computer , which reported earnings late Friday that were in line with a disappointing forecast , eased 3\/4 to 24 on 816,000 shares . 
There 's no risk to the protesters , and you ca n't keep an abortion clinic open if there are 3,000 people standing outside every day . '' 
SsangYong began making variations of the Jeep-like `` Korando '' vehicle . 
Some 1,111 Big Board issues advanced in price and only 448 declined , while broader market averages rose sharply . 
We observed at least two large plastic bags of shredded paper loaded into this truck . '' 
The U.S. contends that the rules are n't justified on health grounds . 
That started the still-raging bidding wars . 
For the 1990 wage negotiations , the IG Metall is demanding a further cut in the German workweek and steep wage increases , which could sharply increase the costs for German industry . 
But I liked the easy friendliness of the people around me , liked it that they 'd brought their children , found it charming that , true citizens of the state of the future , they had brought so many TVs and radios to stay in touch with electroreality at a live event . 
`` If the { new } deal had us putting up less money but still having 15 % , that would be a point in our favor , '' he said . 
It would be 72%-owned by United Illuminating holders and 28%-owned by current holders of PS of New Hampshire preferred and common stock . 
Clairol , which makes hair and skin products , was a division of Bristol-Myers Co. before that company 's merger with Squibb Corp . 
Journal readers are relatively affluent , with a median household income of between $ 75,000 and $ 99,000 . 
Yesterday 's vote on Japanese-American reparations ensures final enactment of the entitlement provision , which abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts but is seen as a more realistic path to expediting compensation first authorized in 1988 . 
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 . 
`` I think the people will be judging the regime by a petty policeman , by a corrupt revenue collector . 
Some in Big Oil are easing the grip on their wallets . 
But now , other agencies are getting into the business with their own competing media-buying groups -- and Carat wants to expand to the rest of Europe . 
The fact that the city will issue such a large amount of debt was interpreted as a sign that New York 's budgetary problems are more serious than had been expected . 
PRIMERICA Corp. , New York , raised its quarterly 14 % to eight cents a share , from seven cents , payable Nov. 24 to stock of record Nov. 6 . 
They 've been given a mandate from Switzerland '' to expand their U.S. chocolate operations . 
The exchange had forecast that the contract would begin trading by December . 
Nearly half of U.S. consumers say they 'll pay up to 5 % more for packaging that can be recycled or is biodegradable , according to a survey commissioned by the Michael Peters Group , a design consultant . 
Volatility is here to stay . '' 
If rates unexpectedly rise , the increasing return on the money fund will partly offset the lower-than-expected return from the bond fund . 
People on fixed incomes get a break at Espre ; over 55 wins a 45 % discount at Anaheim Imperial Health Spa . 
Even as the stock market has generally done well this year , IBM 's shares have slipped steadily from its 52-week high of $ 130.875 . 
In addition , Delmed , which makes and sells a dialysis solution used in treating kidney diseases , said negotiations about pricing had collapsed between it and a major distributor , National Medical Care Inc . 
Also closed yesterday were the company 's Santa Teresa software-development lab and the Almaden research center . 
Now the 33-year-old housewife , whose husband earns a modest salary as an assistant professor of economics , is saving harder than ever . 
He said Mr. Steinberg had insisted that the merger talks move quickly . 
Dollar : 
The talks may drag on for weeks before any concrete result is announced , people familiar with them said . 
Guarantee by Industrial Bank of Japan . 
Neither the Quilted Giraffe nor the Paul Stuart renovation reflects much of Mr. McDonough 's environmental concern . 
`` You ca n't buy anything nowadays . 
Companies that only recently were thriving find themselves scrambling to survive . 
The city 's economy is growing weaker and expenditures are rising as tax revenue is falling . 
That included capital gains that were passed along to customers . 
Consolidated Papers Inc. said it plans to spend $ 495 million on new paper-manufacturing equipment and facilities . 
But analysts noted that excluding transportation - where what they believe was a temporary surge in auto demand pushed up the figures - order backlogs have declined for three months in a row . 
In the year 's first six months , Kurzweil had a loss of $ 6.9 million on sales of $ 11.2 million . 
The man , it seems , has a Lichtenstein corporation , licensed in Libya and sheltered in the Bahamas . 
Companies that piled on debt in leveraged buy-outs during the past two years `` will continue to surface as business problems . '' 
Most of the factory closings and job cutbacks will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture automotive plastics , hoses and other industrial and automotive parts . 
The account had previously been handled by Saatchi & Saatchi Wegener , New York . 
The Census Bureau also said : 
The three-page Crown Royal ad features a black-and-white shot of a boring holiday party -- and a set of colorful stickers with which readers can dress it up . 
For a while , it looked like the deal -- not to mention the courtroom itself -- was on the verge of collapse . 
A claim by Peter Testa of New York that a stranger paid him $ 500 to go into a bank and change $ 44,400 in small bills into large bills `` is unconvincing , '' the Tax Court found . 
Star lecturer at Harvard , author of numerous popular books on science , and scourge of the creationist lobby , Mr. Gould is perhaps the world 's most eminent evolutionary theorist . 
Continental 's logic : It does n't want business companions abusing the promotion by falsely claiming to be related . 
Steel shares fell back after advancing for three days . 
The time is now to lift the burdensome Social Security earnings limit from the backs of our nation 's seniors . 
One senior vice president at Bechtel said he got up at 3 a.m. to drive into San Francisco from the East Bay . 
The company was to repay $ 58 million in debt on Dec. 31 and $ 15 million on March 31 . 
The failed rights issue also should have a modest impact on British Air shares . 
UGI Corp. said its AmeriGas subsidiary completed the previously announced sale of its air separation plant and related assets in Waukesha , Wis. , to AGA Gas Inc. , Cleveland . 
Measures already in effect that are expected to be made law include a ban on military sales and exchanges , a suspension of most high-level government contacts and a halt to U.S. trade enhancement programs , such as the Overseas Private Investment Corp. and the Trade Development Program . 
EVEREX SYSTEMS INC. , Fremont , maker of personal computers and peripherals , annual sales of $ 377 million , OTC , had minor damage and was almost fully operational yesterday . 
Virginia Public School Authority -- $ 55.7 million of school financing bonds , 1989 Series B ( 1987 resolution ) , due 19912000 , 2005 and 2010 , through a BT Securities Corp. group . 
But would n't a president who acted despite Senate objections be taking grave political risks ? 
In over-the-counter trading Monday , the stock closed at $ 10.625 , off 37.5 cents . 
Capital goods orders outside of the defense sector tumbled for the second month in a row , posting a 5.6 % drop after a 10.3 % decline . 
After being trampled in Tuesday 's selling stampede , the Nasdaq over-the-counter market dusted itself off and moved on in moderate trading . 
International Business Machines and Bank of America are among the companies using the single-adjudicator approach . 
Therefore , the debate about poison pills will continue to rage in the boardrooms of corporations and the halls of academia . 
As in other jittery times , many small businesses expect a particularly rough time raising funds as investors shun risky deals , seeking safety in bigger companies . 
Fannie Mae 's 9 % issue was at 98 7\/32 , up 1\/8 . 
Early in the decade he saw that fur workers in many foreign countries were willing to work longer hours at lower wages than their American counterparts and were more open to innovation . 
Your story missed some essential points of the conference on `` The Global Environment : Are We Overreacting ? '' 
Howard Mosher , president and chief executive officer , said he anticipates growth for the luxury auto maker in Britain and Europe , and in Far Eastern markets . 
Peter Karches , managing director at underwriter Morgan Stanley & Co. , said the issue was oversubscribed . 
Richard L. Sherman , 42 , will advise midsized businesses . 
Not so the Soviets . 
The first Merkur , the XR4Ti , went on sale in early 1985 . 
Revenue rose 15 % , to $ 36 million from $ 31.2 million . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
The selling that started on Friday continued yesterday . 
Only five of 496 branches statewide remain closed , while 23 of 600 automated-teller machines remained out of order . 
And , beginning in 1992 , it will have a claim on as much as 20 % of Manville 's annual net income . 
The portfolio currently includes $ 95 million in receivables , GE Capital said . 
Racial gerrymandering has been a familiar policy in New York City since 1970 , when Congress first amended the Voting Rights Act to expand its reach beyond the Southern states . 
If approved at a shareholder meeting in December , the number of shares outstanding would decrease to five million from 50 million , and par value would rise to 10 cents from a penny . 
( CenTrust shares have fallen sharply in price from a high of $ 15.125 in 1986 to close yesterday at $ 2.875 . ) 
Last Monday , Qintex Australia announced a restructuring plan and said it would sell off assets . 
The offering , Series 1989-89 , backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities , brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 33.2 billion and its total Remic volume to $ 45.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
A continuing slide in the pound could force the government to push through another rise in the base rate , currently 15 % . 
To do that , they must think in terms of sheetrock by the square foot , carpeting by the square yard , wallpaper by the roll , molding by the linear foot . 
But all funding is cut for the Philippines , and projects in South Korea are cut to $ 13.6 million , or less than a sixth of the administration 's request . 
Now they know who you mean and you know who you mean . 
The Direct Selling Association , a trade group , points out that its members , which include Amway Corp. , cooperate with the IRS to distribute tax-compliance material to sales people and are helping to prepare a public-service television program on the subject . 
The company did n't announce the sale until after the close of the market . 
A man said he saw the upper rim undulate . 
Officers of the company , a health-care concern , `` were very discouraged on Friday and felt they should n't go public ; we felt they should , '' says Sanford Robertson , partner in the banking concern . 
Still , most retailing observers expect that all the proposed retailing LBOs will depend partly on the sale of junk bonds , a market already in tumult , in part because of concerns associated with bonds issued by the Federated and Allied units of Campeau . 
We will not know until a first generation of female guinea pigs -- all of whom will be more than happy to volunteer for the job -- has put the abortion pill through the clinical test of time . 
Because of the early settlement , the Federal Reserve was unable to purchase bills for its system account . 
The latest quarter included a gain of about $ 62 million on the sale of the company 's urethane polyols and propylene glycols businesses . 
What few comments he has initiated have been oblique , such as urging `` greater efforts toward the protection of human life '' at a meeting of Catholic lawyers in Boston last month . 
It was the most active of the 100-share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday . 
David L. Koffman , president and chief executive officer of Jayark , holds about 40 % of Kofcoh , Jayark said . 
Bloomingdale 's does an estimated $ 1.2 billion in annual sales . 
At noon Friday , a senior White House official advised Richard Rahn , the Chamber 's chief economist , that the White House would not agree to a budget reconciliation bill unless it had firm assurances that a vote on substance would be permitted in the Senate . 
But we 're ... going to be in the exact same situation next year . '' 
In the aforementioned episode of `` In the Heat of the Night , '' we saw Althea being attacked , but we were n't invited to enjoy the spectacle . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.63 , up 0.25 ; spot index 129.84 , off 0.25 . 
Fees 1 1\/4 . 
Recession or not , people still eat , smoke , and take medicine when they 're sick . 
Mr. Sanford was told Mr. Noriega 's friend , Mr. Wittgreen , would be handling the shah 's security . 
One U.S. trader , however , dismissed sterling doomsayers while acknowledging there is little immediate upside potential for the U.K. unit . 
His violin classmates included Shlomo Mintz , a protege of Isaac Stern who performed with major orchestras while still a student ; Cho-Liang Lin , who joined the roster of ICM Artists Inc. at the age of 18 ; and Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg , who launched her career by winning the 1981 Naumberg Competition . 
But predictions that central banks of the Group of Seven ( G-7 ) major industrial nations would continue their massive dollar sales went astray , as the market drove the dollar downward on its own , reacting to Wall Street 's plunge and subsequent price volatility , lower U.S. interest rates and signs of a slowing U.S. economy . 
`` We are crossing the river and we need a little more help to get to the other side , '' said Rodrigo Sotela , an economic affairs specialist at the Costa Rican Embassy in Washington . 
Tandy Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire two units of Datatronic AB of Stockholm for cash . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Eagle shares rose 12.5 cents to $ 11 . 
Housing construction sank in September to its lowest level since the last recession , the Commerce Department reported . 
Now , the nationwide average yield on a six-month CD is just under 8 % , and 8.5 % is about the best around . 
The court ordered FERC to justify within 60 days not only its cost-sharing deadline , but other major elements of its proposed regulation for introducing more competition into natural-gas transportation . 
Inflation-adjusted social benefits would ensure that the poor and elderly do n't suffer unduly . 
NASA estimated that , on Monday , about four computer centers were affected . 
We now know that the words were not always his own . 
But the next important piece of news on the economy 's health -- this morning 's release of the national purchasing manager 's survey for October -- could prompt investors into action . 
-- The U.S.S.R. has taken unprecedented unilateral measures of openness , by giving American representatives a possibility to inspect the building site of the Krasnoyarsk radar as well as radar vans in the areas of Gomel and Moscow , so as to see for themselves that there are no violations of the ABM treaty of 1972 on the part of the Soviet Union . 
The current vaccine for whooping cough , or pertussis , is part of the `` DPT '' ( for diphtheria , pertussis , tetanus ) shot given most infants and young children . 
The appeals court , however , said the judge did n't adequately consider whether the delay would actually hurt the chances of a fair trial . 
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 . 
A last-minute snag in negotiations with AMR , over an unrelated lawsuit between American and another Texas Air unit , caused the deal to collapse . 
At the center of any court fight will be the differing interpretations of the written contract between Warner and the two producers , but other murkier issues will play a big role . 
Among possible delays , the sales of Saks and Marshall Field -- which were expected to be on the block soon after the crucial Christmas season -- may slide into the second quarter or second half . 
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money-fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century . 
Similarly , Alfred Rubega , New Hampshire 's director of securities regulation , said his state had n't received any complaints about Drexel , so it really could n't press the issue . 
Baker had lots of them . 
Concord is a camera and photographic products company . 
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument . 
Over several decades , for instance , investors who put up with the stock market 's gyrations earned returns far in excess of those on bonds and `` cash '' investments like Treasury bills . 
`` Maybe this will jolt us out of the post-Vietnam syndrome that we never are prepared to use force , '' he says . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , First Union shares rose 25 cents to $ 23 . 
So the U.S. found itself paying about $ 2 billion in baksheesh to various Arab potentates for basing rights around the Indian Ocean . 
Delmed Inc. 's top two officers resigned and were succeeded by executives of Fresenius USA Inc. and its parent , Fresenius AG , a major Delmed holder that has been negotiating to acquire a controlling stake . 
However , people familiar with the buy-out group said Mr. Pope 's departure would weaken the airline 's management at a critical time . 
Keep your Thomas Jeffersons , or St. Augustines or Michelangelos ; I 'd take baseball 's Flying Scot without hesitation . '' 
Banc One Corp. said Frank E. McKinney plans to retire as the bank holding company 's president effective Jan. 12 . 
General Motors Corp. 's Chevrolet division , reacting to slow sales , said it will offer $ 800 rebates on its 1990 Beretta , the two-door version of its core compact-car line . 
Secretary of State James Baker , who accompanied President Bush to Costa Rica , told reporters Friday : `` I have no reason to deny reports that some Contras ambushed some Sandinista soldiers . '' 
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares . 
Mr. Guzman Cabrera says the union 's sacrifices will be offset by a wage and benefit package that amounts to a 22 % increase in compensation . 
Directors of Bergen Bank and Den Norske Creditbank , two of Norway 's leading banks , announced they had agreed to the formal merger of the banks . 
Of course , that was before Ford 's latest move . 
He said many portfolio managers , whose year-end bonuses are tied to annual performance , are selling now rather than risk seeing their gains erode further . 
Sales increased 5.5 % to $ 9.81 billion from $ 9.3 billion . 
A total of 157 lawsuits were filed on behalf of crash victims . 
Nine-month net income dropped 47 % to $ 26.3 million , or 54 cents a share , from $ 49.7 million , or $ 1.02 a share . 
Two old friends , George Bush and Deng Xiaoping , are trying to limit further damage to U.S.-China ties . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
A cutoff of U.S. military aid would merely abandon them to die in vain . 
Because of his remarkable success turning around P&G 's international operations , analysts have high hopes for his tenure . 
The overall private-sector employment cost index , which includes both wages and benefits , rose 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September , compared with 4.5 % for both the 12 months ended in June and the 12 months ended September 1988 . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Rey has been very careful since then to make sure his moves are welcome . 
Thieves stole a 12th century fresco from an abandoned church in Camerino , Italy , by removing the entire wall on which the work had been painted , police said ... . 
In `` The Cuckoo 's Egg '' ( Doubleday , 326 pages , $ 19.95 ) , he spins a remarkable tale of his efforts over 18 months to catch a computer spy . 
But I do n't think we 're at that point yet . '' 
Among other things , the memo contends that Young & Rubicam gave false assurances that the investigation would n't uncover any information that would `` embarrass the government of Jamaica or the Jamaica Tourist Board . '' 
However , operating profit fell 35 % to $ 16.4 million . 
This mincemeat of tiny gridlocked squares was inspired by the artist 's own digs : `` My loft was 50 by 100 feet , so 50 feet by 50 feet seemed like a good garden room . '' 
( See , for instance , Jim Bakker 's remarks upon being sentenced to prison this Tuesday for defrauding the faithful . ) 
Americans are expected to conform to the Japanese culture when in Japan . 
So far , Mr. Paul has unloaded but three of his masterpieces , he wo n't say to whom . 
It was n't until the early 1980s that Akzo nursed itself back to health . 
But at a critical moment , stock-index arbitrage traders showed their power and control . 
Following that announcement Tuesday , however , company officials were unavailable to elaborate . 
When the company last considered adding the equipment two years ago , it estimated the cost at $ 21 million to $ 22 million , but a task force will have to prepare a detailed plan before the company can predict the current cost . 
Newport Beach fits the scam artists ' specifications perfectly . 
The malaise has created a nostalgic longing for the uncomplicated days of the mid-1980s , before a rash of securities-firm mergers on the eve of the industry 's deregulation in 1986 . 
In addition , the bank has an option to buy a 30.84 % stake in BIP from Societe Generale after Jan. 1 , 1990 at 1,015 francs a share . 
In his letter to Knight-Ridder President James K. Batten , Mr. McMaster said he arrived at the $ 68 million figure using Knight-Ridder 's corporate financial statements and comments by Knight-Ridder officials that the Free Press has a $ 50 million value in salvage . 
L.J. Hooker Corp. is expected to reach an agreement in principle this week to sell Merksamer Jewelers Inc. to management , say executives familiar with the talks . 
The company also cited the stronger dollar , which cuts the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars . 
His success is easy to understand . 
Liza said hello to me . '' 
According to available details , yields range from 8.70 % , a spread of 80 basis points over three-year Treasury securities , to 10.37 % , a spread of 230 basis points over 20-year Treasurys . 
It was a heady experience for the pockmarked and slightly built Mr. Noriega , who was known to his friends as Cara la Pina -- pineapple face . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
Some will likely be offered severance packages while others will be transferred to overseas operations . 
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways . 
Municipal bond analysts said the sell-off was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health , rumors of a $ 900 million bond offering coming soon , and political uncertainty . 
The current ruble rate has long been out of line with the black market . 
Predictably , guarantees outstanding have risen by $ 130 billion since 1985 , while direct loans outstanding have fallen by $ 30 billion . 
The new U.S. package also says countries could temporarily raise tariffs on certain products if they experience an unusually heavy volume of imports . 
Loral 's profit from continuing operations for the first six months of fiscal 1990 was $ 36.4 million , or $ 1.44 a share , up 31 % from $ 27.8 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier . 
Some analysts also were disturbed by a pickup in the growth of business inventories . 
The unprecedented transfer of accounts underscored the options industry 's desire not to have its credibility tarnished by potentially widespread trading defaults on Monday . 
Continental Bank Corp. 's third-quarter net income slipped 11 % despite a big gain from the sale of the company 's London headquarters building . 
Look at what happened to UAL 's chairman , Stephen M. Wolf , and its chief financial officer , John C. Pope . 
Such companies `` are increasingly being left behind '' in the global liquor business , says Nomura 's Mr. Littleboy . 
In contrast to the 1 % conversion fee charged by Visa , foreign-currency dealers routinely charge 7 % or more to convert U.S. dollars into foreign currency . 
Under the agreement , which had been widely expected , Bell Atlantic would be buying Control Data 's customer base and its approximately 100 U.S. maintenance facilities in about 33 cities . 
Mr. Maxwell said he would n't be surprised if , over the next two years or so , General Mills ' share increased to 30 % or more . 
Dean Witter now recommends 85 % , Goldman 65 % and Merrill Lynch 50 % . 
Mr. Hall says Mr. Paul `` was known to spend a lot of money . 
The Dow Jones industrials , down over 80 points in the morning , closed off 3.69 , at 2659.22 . 
The latest earnings reflect an increase of about 5.5 million in common shares outstanding . 
Analysts expect Conner 's earnings to reach roughly $ 40 million , or $ 1 to $ 1.05 a share , on sales of $ 650 million , for 1989 , the company 's third full year in business . 
Cipher Data Products Inc. posted a net loss of $ 14.2 million , or 97 cents a share , for its fiscal first quarter , compared with net income of $ 3.8 million , or 27 cents a share , a year ago . 
In the year-ago quarter , Viacom also paid preferred stock dividends of $ 17 million ; Viacom exchanged its preferred stock for debt in March . 
In Europe , the dollar ended lower in dull trading . 
His seven-bedroom cedar and brick house outside of Johnstown is up for sale to pay for his lawyers . 
By pooling their resources , the two groups have effectively halved the design and development costs that would otherwise have been entailed , he said . 
It was above 33 , adjusted for a subsequent split , in 1987 , and has n't gotten much higher since . ) 
Eagle , now called Eagle-Berol , remains a leading company among the 10 in the U.S. that produced about 2.3 billion pencils last year , according to the Pencil Makers Association . 
Fund managers said Friday 's profittaking was a natural result of the week 's `` abnormal fever '' in buying real estate , shipbuilding , steel and construction shares . 
In an Oct. 10 editorial-page article , `` It 's the World Bank 's Turn to Adjust , '' Paul Craig Roberts lays most of the blame for what ails developing countries at the doorstep of the World Bank . 
The Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers said proceeds will be used for expansion , to pay debt and for general corporate purposes . 
But TCI President John Malone has long been concerned about HBO 's dominance of the pay TV business , and has been eager to keep Showtime as a healthy competitor . 
While Monday 's rebounding markets helped other investors recoup losses , many options customers and professional traders in stock-index options and the options on takeover stocks were left with multimillion-dollar losses , traders here and in New York said . 
Canadian Indians are taking five countries to court in a bid to stop low military flights over their homes , the Dutch Defense Ministry said . 
But it gave ground to Mr. Inouye on a number of projects , ranging from a $ 11 million parking garage here , to a land transfer in Hawaii , to a provision to assist the Makwah Indian Tribe in Washington state . 
Mobil Exploration & Producing U.S. Inc. , the group involved , currently has a work force of somewhat less than 5,000 . 
The New Jersey paper , like the New Haven , Conn. , paper , was purchased by Ingersoll on Goodson 's behalf as part of the management contract . 
RAYCHEM CORP. , Menlo Park , plastics manufacturer , annual sales $ 1 billion , no major damage and no production slowdown is anticipated . 
The new options carry out part of an agreement that the pension fund , under pressure to relax its strict participation rules and to provide more investment options , reached with the SEC in December . 
The bank made a $ 4.5 million provision in the 1988 quarter . 
Quotron Systems Inc. , a Citicorp unit , blamed the 30-minute foul-up on `` a timing problem in our software '' caused by the enormous early volume -- about 145 million shares in the first hour of New York Stock Exchange trading . 
In a June 5 reaction , the Bankers Trust Co. unit proclaimed the economy `` shockproof . '' 
About 9,800 technical workers , notably chemists and lawyers , were switched to non-union status . 
The year-ago results , however , included the operations of a bottling business , which was sold last December . 
The bank , which previously said it was for sale , said it has received no offers and that its board will review whether to continue soliciting bids . 
In Mexico , the analyst added , employees at the Cananea mine , who have been out of work since late August when the mine was declared bankrupt by the government , accepted a 35 % cut in the 3,800-man work force . 
The arms-kickback scandal is likely to be one of the big talking points in the campaign , but it 's unclear how it is viewed by average Indian voters . 
One risk : Investors may regret the restriction if the stock reaches 54 and then falls . 
Various cultural and economic forces have suppressed demand . 
Valhi said the articles did n't accurately reflect Valhi and its affiliates ' intentions toward Lockheed . 
Maybe he did n't start it , but Mohandas Gandhi certainly provided a recognizable beginning to non-violent civil disobedience as we know it today . 
Mr. Andersson is anxious to strengthen Trelleborg 's balance sheet . 
The United Kingdom reports came from Dr. Patrick Toseland , head of clinical chemistry at Guy 's Hospital in London . 
Fed officials appear reluctant to ease their credit grip any further because a bold move does n't appear necessary , several investment managers said . 
If there is no law against it , do it . 
APPLIED MATERIALS INC. , Santa Clara , maker of computer-chip machine systems , annual sales of $ 490 million , OTC , had slight damage to headquarters , no damage to manufacturing plants . 
If that option is favored by gas buyers and regulators , Foothills said it would build another smaller pipeline connecting Mackenzie Delta reserves to the Alaska mainline . 
Toshiba Corp . ( Japan ) -- $ 1.2 billion of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par , via Nomura International Ltd . 
Ad agencies typically earned a straight 15 % commission ; if a client spent $ 100 million on TV time , the agency made $ 15 million . 
The Canadian Pulp and Paper Association , an industry group , said Canadian mills produced 532,000 metric tons of market pulp in September , compared with 527,000 metric tons a year earlier . 
They are starting to buy growth stocks . 
IL-4 is a hormone which directs the growth and function of white blood cells involved in the body 's immune response . 
While bond investors would have preferred growth to be a little slower , they were cheered by inflation measures in the data that showed prices rising at a modest annual rate of 2.9 % . 
He predicts the pound will continue to trade in a very volatile fashion , with `` fits of being oversold and overbought '' before recovering its losses . 
EXXON Corp. , New York , oil company , NYSE , said its refinery northeast of San Francisco was operating at a slightly reduced rate as a precaution in case of aftershocks . 
Humana Inc. said it expects to receive about $ 27 million in federal income-tax refunds and interest from a court ruling on a tax dispute . 
`` Name-dropping is pervasive and getting more so as society becomes more complex and alienating , '' says Herbert Freudenberger , a New York psychoanalyst , with a high-powered clientele . 
It said it will exercise that right only if it sells substantially all of its other core businesses . 
Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 . 
IBM can raise its stake in Paxus to 20 % over three years , but agreed to not go beyond 20 % in that time . 
Republican Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania engaged the nominee in a verbal contest aimed at showing that Mr. Bork was willing to stretch the Constitution in one area ( free speech ) while remaining rigid in all the others . 
He said Eaton 's quarter profit margin on controls was lower than he anticipated . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 28 , 1989 , through Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 26 . 
The Southfield , Mich.-based company earned $ 774,000 in the quarter last year . 
At the same time four of six design projects were spiked , he said . 
From Chevy trucks to Lipton iced tea to a host of battling banks , the state has been inundated with broadcast commercials and print advertising campaigns celebrating Texans and castigating outsiders . 
Not that oil suddenly is a sure thing again . 
It said $ 10 million would go to the University of Toronto . 
The economy 's stutter steps leave investors wondering whether things are slowing down or speeding up . 
1 . Make sure you have a strong personnel department . 
`` Obviously , we got a lot more smoke than fire from the people who told us the market was n't so risky , '' says Bradford Cornell , professor of finance at University of California 's Anderson Graduate School of Management in Los Angeles . 
While they can target some of the most obvious miscreants , enforcers concede that they are only scratching the surface . 
Shops represented by the Automotive Service Industry Association and the Motor Equipment Manufacturers Association oppose any increase in warranty length . 
The state-controlled French metals group Pechiney S.A. said it has signed a preliminary accord to sell its Paris headquarters to Groupement Foncier Francais and Nouveaux Constructeurs for 2.76 billion francs ( $ 443 million ) . 
Last week , Mesa rejected a general proposal from StatesWest that the two carriers combine . 
Comprehensive Care Corp. , which has agreed to be acquired by closely held First Hospital Corp. , reported a $ 4.7 million loss for its Aug. 31 first quarter and said it is negotiating an extension of senior bank debt past its Oct. 18 due date . 
Over at the Shell station , owner Rudi van Dyk , who doubles as Morgenzon 's mayor , worries that the Orange Workers have made his town the laughingstock of the nation . 
Japan is a major target for the Soviets . 
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner . 
A year earlier , net was $ 71.6 million , or $ 1.22 a share . 
`` Equipment orders on the domestic side were particularly strong in shipping and power utilities , '' said an agency official . 
London 's Financial Times 100-share index shed 40.4 points to finish at 2149.3 . 
`` If that gets people excited , it could serve as an impetus to the fixed-income markets to lower their rates , '' he added . 
`` I 'm one of them who hope they will , with $ 6 billion in debt on the books . 
`` Such determination may translate into extreme physical , emotional and financial costs , '' the letter warns . 
That was his reward for working until 11 p.m. seven days a week to cover his $ 3,000 a month rent . 
W.J. Usery Jr. , labor secretary during the Ford administration , was named to mediate talks to settle the six-month strike by the UMW . 
But even a little appeal has a lot of attraction these days . 
They 're more worried about bread on the table . 
By any measure , third-quarter earnings were still robust , equivalent to a 0.92 % return on assets even excluding tax credits . 
The heat energy plus the energy consumed by the breakup of the water molecules added to far more energy coming out of the apparatus than electrical energy going in , they reported . 
But if you overlook all this , it is a beautiful market for investment still . '' 
Sitting at the bar of the Four Seasons restaurant , architect William McDonough seems oblivious to the glamorous clientele and the elegant setting . 
This estimate does n't include claims under workers ' compensation , life , health disability and liability insurance and damage to infrastructure such as bridges , highways and public buildings . 
Call from Nov. 24 , 1994 , at 101 1\/2 , declining 1\/4 point a year . 
Aetna Life & Casualty Co. 's third-quarter net income fell 22 % to $ 182.6 million , or $ 1.63 a share , reflecting the damages from Hurricane Hugo and lower results for some of the company 's major divisions . 
Under current rules , investors in Taiwan can buy overseas stocks only through the purchase of mutual funds issued by local and foreign investment trusts . 
Establishing these practices would permit earlier identification of emerging financial crises , provide better information for loan sales and budgeting decisions , and reduce fraud . 
Pfizer said third-quarter sales increased 4 % to $ 1.44 billion from $ 1.38 billion . 
The witness table is center stage and below it , the paraphernalia for the ever-present media , in this case TNN , the Total News Network . 
It can happen in any industry . 
Only 10 % of the 250 shippers polled expected their freight-transport costs to decrease , compared with 30 % who had looked to freight transport to reduce costs in past years . 
In early trading in Tokyo Thursday , the Nikkei index rose 145.45 points to 35587.85 . 
`` It 's frightening , '' Mr. Shattuck said . 
`` It has never been done before , but there 's always a first . 
That Moscow , with its dilapidated economic machine , would try to sell high technology to Japan , one of the world 's high-tech leaders , sounds like a coals-to-Newcastle notion . 
The GM agreement is expected to retain Jaguar 's independence by involving an eventual 30 % stake for the U.S. auto giant as well as joint manufacturing and marketing ventures . 
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev has pressed hard for a change in East Germany 's rigid stance . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
`` We like to follow up and make sure operators are achieving our standards of company service , '' says Ms. Dale , who supervises 350 operators . 
Stop Order : Stop orders tell a floor broker to buy or sell an investment once the price reaches a certain level . 
Shortly after Texas Air took control of Eastern , some Machinists union supervisors received a 20 % pay raise . 
This test was the first to predict reliably whether an individual could expect to develop cancer . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
But what we may not know is just what makes somebody a sucker . 
Contractors such as Parker Drilling Co. are raising cash again through stock offerings , and for the first time in years , two oil-service companies recently went public . 
One dealer , Martin Zimet of French & Co. in New York , says he `` would have loved to buy '' a Jan Davids de Heem painting from the bank . 
Ever since the bad days of Big is Bad antitrust enforcement , this law has required that anyone proposing a merger must make a filing describing the effects on all relevant markets . 
Last month , Polly Peck posted a 38 % jump in pretax profit for the first half to # 54.8 million from # 39.8 million on a 63 % rise in sales . 
If the ship fails to arrive , those per-share earnings estimates could be trimmed 15 cents or more . 
Mr. Stein was fined $ 25,000 and suspended for three years . 
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage . 
It 's the first time in the survey 's 15 years that the over-50 group came out ahead . 
The jump reflected record results in Las Vegas , Nev. , and Atlantic City , N.J. , as well as a full quarter 's results from Harrah 's Del Rio in Laughlin , Nev . 
The FTC first issued an administrative complaint in the case in 1985 . 
Among possible buyers , Grand Metropolitan PLC might find Beefeater a useful addition to its portfolio . 
B & H Crude Carriers Ltd. -- Four million common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
They noted that studies completed after the 1987 crash exonerated program trading as a source of volatility . 
Daily output is expected to decline by at least another 500,000 barrels next year . 
It even took the unusually frank step of telling analysts in a morning conference call that orders in Europe were up in `` double digits '' in foreign-currency terms . 
OPEC has repeatedly raised its self-imposed production ceiling to legitimize some of that unauthorized output . 
It also opens a rift in the bank 's shareholders ' syndicate that could lead to a battle for control of the concern . 
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment . 
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc . 
There is no effective regulation of planners , no accepted standard for admission into their ranks -- a dog got into one trade group -- no way to assess their performance , no way even to know how many of them there are ( estimates range from 60,000 to 450,000 ) . 
Then , when the currency falls , interest rates are raised to attract financial flows in order to stabilize the exchange rate . 
Dr. Grossman , who also is president of New England Medical Center Hospitals in Boston , noted that the hospitals he runs deal with more than 100 utilization management firms and that many of them have different procedures and requirements . 
These states have been entering into settlements with Drexel as part of the firm 's efforts to operate freely anywhere in the U.S. despite its record as an admitted felon . 
There 's a certain cruel logic at work here : It 's particularly appropriate -- and tragic -- that the land that produced Karl Marx should prove socialism 's failure in an experiment that uses its own people as controls . 
Both regions are the fastest-growing areas for Basf , the company said . 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. is reviewing debt issued by 12 California counties , and `` there are potential isolated problems , '' said Hyman Grossman , a managing director . 
But persuading investors to buy bonds may be especially tough this week , when the U.S. government will auction more than $ 30 billion of new securities . 
While some automotive programs have been delayed , they have n't been canceled . '' 
European venture capital funds total about $ 14 billion and are expected to continue growing 35 % annually . 
The appeals court said there was no evidence that Congress intended to allow the pension agency to consider a company 's creation of new benefit plans as a basis for ordering that company to reassume liability for old plans . 
Several medical concerns , including Pfizer Inc. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , Colgate and Abbott Laboratories intend to pursue a similar consortium approach . 
For travelers , though , the industry 's problems have had some positive effects . 
Not only is Mr. Boyd giving the theater a new sense of adventure and excitement on stage , the balance sheet is the best the theater has had in 10 years . 
Investors and analysts applauded the news . 
Mr. Thomson sent off a card to Martha : `` It does n't seem like 25 years since I hit that home run to celebrate your birth , '' it read . 
Through the first nine months of the year , the unadjusted total of all new construction was $ 199.6 billion , flat compared with a year earlier . 
A whole morning of ballooning and I had been off the ground barely 30 minutes . 
Ocean Drilling said it wo n't hold any shares of the new company after the restructuring . 
Consider , for instance , two bond funds from Vanguard Group of Investment Cos. that were both yielding 8.6 % on a recent day . 
In the year-earlier quarter , Comprehensive Care earned $ 1.6 million , or 18 cents a share . 
`` My staff indicated that had we made such findings in one of our own institutions , we would have sought an immediate cease-and-desist order to stop the hazardous operations , '' Mr. Seidman said . 
Once she did so , the big-souled German maestro with the shaky nerves who so often cancels offered a limpid , flowing performance that in its unswagged and unswaggering approach was totally at odds with the staging . 
The owners meet again tomorrow . 
The Santa Fe Pacific spokesman declined to comment on that aspect , saying the deal was still under negotiation . 
That would leave Hun Sen and the Khmer Rouge . 
In making polyethylene sheets out of plastic chips , for instance , a chip sometimes does n't melt , gets caught in the machinery and creates a run in the sheets . 
From its inception , Conner has targeted the market for battery-operated machines , building hard-disk drives that are smaller and use far less power than those offered by competitors such as Seagate . 
The Amex Market Value Index recorded its sharpest gain of the year by climbing 4.74 to 382.81 . 
In New York , a spokesman for American Brands would n't comment . 
In any settlement , Warner is almost certain to demand rights to most of the 50 or so projects Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters have locked up for the next few years , notably sequels to `` Batman . '' 
In China , a great number of workers are engaged in pulling out the male organs of rice plants using tweezers , and one-third of rice produced in that country is grown from hybrid seeds . 
It also bars future suits against Robins company officials , members of the Robins family and Robins 's former insurer , Aetna Life & Casualty Co . 
Before the law went into effect last month , car rental companies were charging as much as $ 12 a day for the waiver in Texas . 
American Petrofina Inc. , a Dallas-based integrated oil company , yesterday said its third-quarter earnings declined by more than half . 
And the practice often varies from location to location even within a company . 
And David Riley , a federal examiner who worked under Mr. Scott , said he found his chief oddly upbeat about Lincoln . 
UNESCO somehow converted the founding U.N. ideals of individual rights and liberty into `` peoples ' rights . '' 
Texas Rep. William Archer , the ranking Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee said , `` I do n't see how we have the votes '' to place a capital-gains tax cut there . 
The shipments went mostly to food-service distributors that supply pizzerias and restaurants . 
He charges the city 's critics with spreading `` unfounded emotional rhetoric . '' 
Owners of the building in New York say they will be asking $ 50 per square foot for rent to fill the space that Exxon is vacating . 
By comparison , Republicans have held closer to the anti-abortion movement . 
British Gas shed 8.5 pence a share to close at 185 pence ( $ 2.90 ) . 
Nor is CBS a shoo-in to get blockbuster ratings . 
Separately , the New York Times reported that the Israeli government had provided its correspondent in Jerusalem with different documents that Israel said prove the PLO has been conducting terrorism from the occupied Arab territories . 
NIH staff members believe the guidelines are essential to prevent the escalation of problems that have already begun to surface in scientific ventures . 
Mr. Rubendall could n't be reached . 
Sen. Lloyd Bentsen ( D. , Texas ) was outraged after a private word to John Motley , lobbyist for the National Federation of Independent Business , resulted in a news release saying that the Senate Finance Committee chairman would recommend repeal of Section 89 . 
The latest 10-year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday . 
The aftershocks of the highway tragedy are reverberating in Los Angeles as well , as local politicians spoke yesterday against plans to bring double-decking to Los Angeles freeways by 1994 . 
Storehouse gained 2 to 
The managers do n't expect to complete the evaluation until Nov. 30 . 
His `` Mr. Clean '' image was muddied by an arms-kickback scandal , which will be a major campaign issue . 
We may all hope that California 's voters will heed the scientific realities that their own university 's renowned Prof. Tom Jukes provides them and ignore the charlatanry profferred by their `` wealthy Hollywood weepers . '' 
The company said it plans to use the sale proceeds to invest in business opportunities more closely identified with the company 's `` refocused direction . 
Though the ink is barely dry on its new , post-bankruptcy law structure , Bill Bullock , Manville 's head of investor relations , says the company is continually pondering `` whether there is a better way to be structured . 
Now it 's on the fence . 
However , he stressed that the improvement depends on a continued reduction in smoking . 
FirstSouth 's former chairman and chief executive officer , Howard Weichern , is also charged with conspiring to conceal the agreements with Messrs. Watson and Taylor . 
For example , he says , the company is planning to go nationwide with a new service , tested in parts of the country , aimed at taxpayers who want refunds in a hurry . 
Not long ago , scientists holding stock in Spectra Pharmaceutical Services Inc. were accused of falsifying research to boost the stock . 
His commanding officer at the Chiriqui Province garrison , Major Omar Torrijos , gave him an intriguing assignment : Mr. Noriega would organize the province 's first intelligence service . 
In Japan , he 's known in racy weekly magazines as the `` King of Shady Money . '' 
But trading risk stems from credit risk . 
Although the proposal must be approved by federal Judge Harold C. Abramson , W. Herbert Hunt has agreed to the Peruvian mineral concern 's proposal . 
Stokely says stores revive specials like three cans of peas for 99 cents . 
The walls of the church are covered with leaflets , news clippings , and handwritten notes associated with the country 's political opposition . 
Justice should review these cases to see what other prosecutorial abuses may have occurred . 
He says the strike-force lawyers will work more efficiently under the supervision of U.S. attorneys . 
Shares of Varian , which last month warned there would be a fourth-quarter plunge , closed at $ 22.75 , down 62.5 cents in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
When he was hired , Mr. Payne lauded Mr. Decker 's `` extraordinary ... skills '' and his `` outstanding reputation as one of the West 's brightest bankers . '' 
`` Those who manage ideology and a large number of writers reacted badly '' to the restyled paper , says Lai Nguyen An , a literary critic . 
Bonds : Excludes bond funds . 
Revenue was $ 778.6 million . 
Lucas Industries , a British automotive and aerospace concern , rose 13 pence to 614 pence after it said its pretax profit for the year rose 28 % . 
Because the funds ' investments are denominated in foreign currencies , their value expressed in dollars goes up when those currencies rise against the dollar . 
There 's a 95 % probability any year 's result will fall in the range . ) 
`` This is n't a new kind of union leadership , it 's a new Mexico . 
In addition , the executives said IBM will be offering programming tools designed to let anyone working on a factory floor write ad-hoc software , for instance , to do statistical analysis that would pinpoint a problem on a manufacturing line . 
This is an enviably low level . 
The machine employs reduced instruction-set computing , or RISC , technology . 
In the wake of the failed Panama coup , a bumper sticker appears : `` Ollie Would Have Got Him . '' ... 
The company has said the paper is n't for sale , and has rebuffed Mr. McMaster 's earlier requests for access to Free Press financial statements . 
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . '' 
Mr. Junius said Nashua 's `` intention is to remain an independent public company . '' 
In the 15 companies I studied , reversal rates range on the average from 20 % to 40 % . 
The Fed chief opposed a bill - introduced by Reps. Lee Hamilton ( D. , Ind. ) and Byron Dorgan ( D. , N.D. ) -- that , among other things , would require the Fed to disclose all monetary policy moves immediately and increase outside scrutiny of the Fed . 
The offer was automatically triggered by the recent sale of Control Data 's Imprimis disk-drive business to Seagate Technology Inc . 
In Los Angeles , for example , Central has had a strong market position while Unilab 's presence has been less prominent , according to Mr. Harlow . 
Even abortion opponents , however angry with Mr. Florio , ca n't hide their frustration with the Republican 's ambivalence . 
Genentech Inc. said the West German distributor of its heart drug TPA reached a joint marketing agreement with a subsidiary of Hoechst AG , which makes the rival anti-clotting agent streptokinase . 
They did themselves even more good . 
The outlook on both federal bills is uncertain , especially remembering the 1987 defeat . 
Furthermore , a U.S. rejection of the capital increase ( and transfer of shares to Japan ) would give Japan an argument against future calls for economic burden-sharing . 
Things wind down at about 4:30 p.m. , just in time for afternoon tea . 
In each show , Mancuso gets to unleash similar harangues : 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Montgomery Securities Inc. are co-managing the offering . 
It now is quietly circulating among creditors a preliminary plan to restructure debt . 
Teens will be able to listen to music with headsets . 
They say it s possible some of their members may be donating privately . 
Mr. Trump and Bally also appeared to have some leverage in the case because in the state of Delaware , where Bally is incorporated , courts have held that greenmail is often protected by the business-judgment rule . 
In Japan , the bellwether No. 111 4.6 % bond of 1998 ended off 0.03 at 95.72 , to yield 5.32 % , and in West Germany , the 7 % benchmark issue due October 1999 ended 0.05 point lower at 99.85 to yield 7.02 % . 
`` Bargain hunters believe that silver offers the best value amongst precious metals , '' says Frederick R. Demler , analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
The agreement is said to be similar to Warner 's 50-50 partnership with record and movie producer David Geffen , whose films and records are distributed by the Warner Bros. studio and the Warner records unit . 
The two producers own a combined 28 % stake in Guber-Peters . 
Mr. Icahn may not want to sell out unless he can get a special dividend similar to one he received before selling his stake in Texaco Inc. in June -- a coup that gave him enough cash to make his USX move . 
But last February , a federal appeals court in New Orleans upheld a damage award against General Dynamics , rejecting the company 's use of the government contractor defense . 
The fund 's cash position is now about 22 % , which Mr. Bacarella calls `` still bearish . '' 
Charles Nathan , co-head of mergers and acquisitions at Salomon Brothers Inc. , says it is natural for banks to try to expand beyond their bread-and-butter business of providing senior debt for buy-outs . 
Time executives complained about the shoddy editorial quality , and in the end , one Time executive who asked not to be identified said , `` Frankly , McCall 's and the joint venture were an embarrassment . '' 
The cost of raising a pig kept bounding ahead of the return for selling one . 
After 20 years of pushing labor proposals to overhaul the nation 's health-care system , Bert Seidman of the AFL-CIO is finding interest from an unlikely quarter : big business . 
Nicholas Hall , the president of the Colnaghi U.S.A. Ltd. gallery in New York , sold Mr. Paul `` Abraham and Sarah in the Wilderness '' by Giovanni Battista Tiepolo . 
What 's in a name ? 
Sock it away in long-term instruments ? 
Traders expect the issue to be priced to yield 12 % . 
And when many firms had to `` pay up , '' Monday 's sudden rally was sparked . 
Sales amounted to 1.011 trillion yen , climbing 29 % from 787.02 billion yen . 
Few market participants expect the U.S. unit to rally sharply on the news , if it turns out as expected . 
`` It is a cheap-shot suit -- procedurally defective and thoroughly fallacious -- which was hurriedly filed by a contingency-fee lawyer as a result of newspaper reports , '' said a GE spokeswoman . 
The sector was still 8.8 % above its output levels from a year earlier , however . 
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines . 
He explains that he was `` merely storing the paintings at home -- with some display -- because of the special dehumidified environment '' required for their safekeeping , until CenTrust 's new building was ready for them . 
Mr. Noriega also conveyed intelligence from his spy operation inside the Nicaraguan capital of Managua . 
Also unaltered : 12 cents for charitable activities and nine cents for medical and moving costs . 
The Swedish Academy in Stockholm cited the 73-year-old Cela for `` rich and intensive prose . '' 
A spokesman for Dean Witter , a unit of Sears , Roebuck & Co. , declined to comment . 
The company said that it is discussing a management-employee buy-out of the facility , but that it would stop mining and selling coal at year end when existing sales contracts expire , regardless of the outcome of those talks . 
Aluminum shipments of 329,600 metric tons were nearly equal to the year-earlier period , the company said . 
FEDERAL COURTS URGED to cut costs and reduce delays of civil suits . 
Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir 's top adviser on counterterrorism , Yigal Carmon , was here Monday to present the report to members of Congress , reporters and others . 
Because of this and the huge trade gap , the deficit in China 's current account , which measures trade in goods and services plus certain unilateral transfers of funds , is expected to widen sharply from the $ 3.8 billion deficit last year . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.49 , off 0.13 ; spot index 131.64 , up 0.30 . 
Mr. Kellner said that despite losses on UAL stock , his firm 's health is `` excellent . '' 
For those with no holdings , the prospects of buying a home are ever slimmer . 
But let Stevens continue in his unwitting comic manner ( his conscious efforts at `` banter '' always fail -- most comically ) : `` This whole question is very akin to the question that has caused much debate in our profession over the years : what is a ` great ' butler ? '' 
National Environmental also said it will move its headquarters from Hingham to Folcroft , Pa. , the site of its sludge dewatering facility . 
But is exile in Hollywood enough ? 
Thompson , a unit of WPP Group , will handle Faberge Organic shampoo and conditioner and Aqua Net hairspray . 
Chemical said Steven Edelson resigned recently , but one individual close to the situation said the resignation was forced . 
The two `` have a wonderful chemistry -- Jon is very impulsive , and Peter is very compulsive , '' adds Mr. Birnbaum , who is now head of production at News Corp. 's 20th Century Fox Film Co . 
`` When elephants start fighting , ants get killed , '' says Murray Riese , co-owner of National Restaurants , a New York franchisee for Pizza Hut , Roy Rogers and other chains . 
The company continues to trade in the over-the-counter market with an exception to listing requirements . 
On this basis , `` there 's no way the average person can know a good charity from a bad one , '' says David Ormstedt , an assistant attorney general in Connecticut . 
The success of the NWA financing , and the failure of the UAL deal , also seem to highlight the important new role in takeover financing being played by Japanese banks . 
Until now it had sat idle . 
The letter apparently came in response to a request for clarification by LIN earlier this week . 
`` What you 're really asking is , Are the profit and loss margins anticipated on the events acceptable to management ? '' he says . 
That Labor Day , in his first major act after succeeding the resigned Richard Nixon as president , Gerald R. Ford signed the Employee Retirement Income Security Act . 
Panamanian dictator Torrijos , he was told , had granted the shah of Iran asylum in Panama as a favor to Washington . 
Wisconsin Toy has 71 retail stores , primarily in discount settings . 
And it may be right , judging from last week 's report that inflation-adjusted gross national product rose at a 2.5 % annual rate in the third quarter . 
The major gateway to Asia and one of the nation 's 10 busiest airports was closed to all but emergency traffic from the time the quake hit Tuesday afternoon , until 6 a.m. PDT yesterday when controllers returned to the tower . 
The study covered 11 major U.S. attorneys ' offices -- including those in Manhattan and Brooklyn , N.Y. , and New Jersey -- from 1980 to 1987 . 
And Mr. Shultz curtly told Mr. Abrams that the general should be told that only he could repair his tarnished image . 
An average 102.5 million common shares were outstanding in the latest quarter , up from 87.1 million . 
Much is being done in Colombia to fight the drug cartel mafia . 
Western Digital Corp. reported a net loss of $ 2.7 million , or nine cents a share , for its first quarter ended Sept. 30 , citing factors as varied as hurricane damage , an advance in graphics technology and the strengthening dollar . 
Most junk bonds , which have been battered in recent weeks , continued a slow recuperation and ended unchanged to slightly higher . 
`` The affluent people and the corporations can buy it , the poor radicals { in political cases } get it free , and everybody in between is at a disadvantage , and that 's not the kind of system we want , '' says Amitai Etzioni , a prominent sociologist who teaches at George Washington University . 
Mr. Uhr said that Mr. Petrie or his company have been accumulating Deb Shops stock for several years , each time issuing a similar regulatory statement . 
Coca-Cola Co. may be about to intensify the cola wars . 
Such problems may not be over . 
But after restructuring under new management , the profits began rolling in . 
When the weather cools , Mr. Baker says , hobos often hole up in abandoned houses . 
A genuine market for labor and wages would replace the present rigid , centralized system . 
The agency expects the bids to be equivalent of more than $ 80 million . 
UAL has fallen $ 87.25 , or 31 % , in the three trading days since disclosure of the buy-out 's collapse jolted the stock market . 
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . '' 
While Seita does n't own the French tabacs , its close alliance with them offers distribution possibilities . 
Buddy Young , president , said the company expects to conclude negotiations with other creditors within 60 days . 
Estimated volume was a light 1.7 million ounces . 
`` We need a Western Ostpolitik , '' says John Roper , of the Royal Institute of International Affairs in London , referring to West Germany 's longstanding policy of a diplomatic opening to the East . 
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance . 
The Wilmington , Mass. , garment service company also boosted its quarterly dividend 20 % to three cents a share adjusted for the split . 
Toyota Motor fell 40 to 2,680 . 
Amstrad PLC , a British maker of computer hardware and communications equipment , posted a 52 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year . 
Money-fund assets soared $ 4.5 billion in the week ended Tuesday , to a record $ 348.4 billion , according to IBC\/Donoghue 's Money Fund Report , a Holliston , Mass.-based newsletter . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. became the first company world-wide to announce a product based on the chip earlier this month , but it wo n't start shipping the computers until early next year . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Halsey closed at $ 5.8125 a share , up 6.25 cents . 
When the Engelken family got back from its trip up north , Mr. Engelken wrote it all down , just to make sure no detail was missed . 
Amex short interest climbed 3 % to 53,496,665 shares from 51,911,566 shares . 
Moreover , the extensive program in effect establishes a floor for the stock price , said Joel Price , analyst for Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
And lawmakers are putting the finishing touches on a compromise that would give the Air Force nearly all of the $ 2.4 billion it wants for production of Northrop Corp. 's radar-eluding B-2 bombers , which cost $ 530 million apiece . 
Or in other couples , the embryo could be temporarily taken out and tested three days after conception and returned if healthy , or discarded if not . 
That 's helping put pressure on both the market 's winners and its losers . 
Libya 's revolutionary Committees have threatened attacks on Italians if Rome does n't pay compensation . 
The prime minister and her new chancellor of the exchequer , the untested John Major , need to haul the country through something like a recession to bring down inflation and set the economy moving again . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained about an eighth of a point , or about $ 1.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
What am I doing in Jackson Hole ? 
So after all the prosecutorial hoopla no one has established what , if anything , Drexel did wrong . 
Writing in the 1960s Ms. Carson suggested that the human race could be eliminated in 20 years , and Mr. Wald suggested that life on earth might end by 1985 . 
Mr. Ross , who has been studying retail investors ' perception of risks in the brokerage industry , said a market plunge like Friday 's `` shatters investors ' confidence in their ability to make any judgments on the market . '' 
`` As a result of your ultimatum , '' writes the Wisconsin Democrat , `` I guess there is no longer any point in taking administration views into account on other items in conference , inasmuch regardless of their resolution you apparently intend to veto this bill . 
Texaco , like many other oil companies , has been struggling to replace its falling oil and gas reserves . 
The U.S. indictment charges Ad Ventures was a front used to funnel kickbacks to the then-minister of tourism . 
A spokesman also said margins for the company 's service business narrowed somewhat because of heavy investments made in that sector . 
Mr. Bussieres was president and chief operating officer of Provigo 's Quebec retail and wholesale grocery unit . 
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter . 
Digital Equipment Corp. , with major facilities in Santa Clara , Cupertino , Palo Alto and Mountain View , said that all of its engineering and manufacturing sites had reported to corporate headquarters in Maynard , Mass. , Tuesday night . 
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L . 
An early battleground was the U.S. Department of Agriculture . 
Moreover , the interest on asset-backed securities is fully taxable , while interest on Treasury issues is tax-free at the state and local level . 
Still , no one expects IBM 's rivals to deliver a knockout . 
After thoroughly digesting reams of information , he often concludes that more data are needed , and when he finally decides to act , his movements sometimes seem excrutiatingly small . 
`` We had a lot of problems , '' Mr. Sinyard says . 
The attitude of the Wisconsin Investment Board reflects a growing receptivity to time-limited poison pills on the part of institutional investors , as shown by the discussions at recent meetings of the Council of Institutional Investors and my informal survey of several retirement plans with large stock positions . 
The ensuing scandal , in which the bank 's management resigned , has helped renew calls for privatization , or at least an overhaul , of Italy 's banking system , which is about 80 % state-controlled . 
But he said JAL is talking to Lufthansa and Air France about some sort of cargo venture . 
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says . 
U.S. officials said the plan was flexible , and was intended as a pragmatic approach for gradually removing trade-distorting subsidies . 
`` Noriega managed the whole thing . 
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading , stock in Georgia Gulf , which has been mentioned as a takeover candidate , rose $ 2.125 a share to close at $ 46.125 . 
He also urged House and Senate negotiators to rid the deficit-reduction bill of all provisions that increase the budget deficit , including the House-passed capital-gains provision . 
`` While Mr. Reuter 's comments please us very much , there currently are no talks in progress regarding the automotive industry , '' a Fiat spokeswoman said . 
`` Business has never been this tough before . 
In 1976 , he teamed up with record producer Neil Bogart in Casablanca Records and Filmworks -- later called Polygram Pictures -- where they produced such hits as as `` The Deep , '' and `` Midnight Express . '' 
And Bill Konopnicki , a Safford , Ariz. , licensee of McDonald 's Corp. who is chairman of the company 's National Operators Advisory Board , says some fast-food outlets `` could be in serious trouble , based on the amount of discounting that seems to be going on . '' 
Half of those polled see the currency trending lower over the next three months , while the others forecast a modest rebound after the New Year . 
Since 1979 , the number of motel rooms has fallen by 17,000 . 
Some bankers are reporting more inquiries than usual about CDs since Friday . 
Says psyllium exporter Mr. Patel : `` I just got back yesterday from the U.S. . 
The French electronics and defense group said attributable consolidated net profit for the first six months of 1989 totaled 244 million francs ( $ 38.4 million ) , compared with 130 million francs ( $ 20.5 million ) in the corresponding period of 
Mr. Kossuth was vice president and director , corporate finance , of Nesbitt Thomson Deacon Inc. , a Toronto investment dealer . 
On Friday , when only a dozen common stocks hit 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange , five were gold-mining issues , and another four were utilities . 
Michael A. Miles , chief executive officer of Philip Morris Cos . ' Kraft General Foods unit , bought 6,000 shares of the company on Sept. 22 for $ 157 each . 
Meanwhile , Secretary of State Baker said the U.S. protested to Moscow over shipments of East bloc arms to Salvadoran rebels from Managua . 
It is music for people who want to hear something different but do n't want to work especially hard at the task . 
Clinton said in Columbus , Ohio , that its Clinton Gas Marketing unit wants to line up a number of such gas management contracts . 
In Pennsylvania , small businesses are pushing for a voluntary alternative ; they favor a commission that would develop sample leave policies that employers could adopt . 
Bond mutual funds offer diversification and are easy to buy and sell . 
And they can further reduce the monthly amount if they start saving earlier -- when mother and child come home from the hospital . 
Other weak blue-chip issues included Chevron , which went down 2 to 64 7\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 1.3 million shares ; Goodyear Tire & Rubber , off 1 1\/2 to 46 3\/4 , and American Express , down 3\/4 to 37 1\/4 . 
RJR Holdings Capital Corp. 's 14.7 % bonds due 2009 fell one point . 
Pacific First Financial Corp. said it signed a non-binding letter of intent to acquire the construction lending unit of Old Stone Bank of California . 
Why , even 20 % of the Republican vote is going to Dinkins . '' 
Shell 's chemical earnings fell by $ 67 million , to $ 137 million , reflecting lower margins and less demand for commodity chemicals . 
But the strategy can backfire ; if the ads appear too self-serving , the companies may end up looking like rank opportunists instead of good Samaritans . 
The Justice Department is in the process of trying to gain control over a law that federal Judge David Sentelle recently called a `` monster . '' 
Mr. Ginn said the company 's cellular operations now serve about 341,000 customers , up 46 % from a year ago . 
For greater efficiency , employees at those locations will be reorganized into teams responsible for managing the properties under their jurisdiction , Mobil said . 
Also , maintaining current demand assumes no significant slowdown in world economies . 
Not yesterday . 
Its partners are United 's pilots , who were to own 75 % , and UAL management at 10 % . 
This will add to the appeal of small business , he says , where investors often have a degree of influence . 
That is gilding the lily . 
`` And there he was , '' recalls Mr. Engelken . 
Finally , as shown in the table , Democrats allocate a higher proportion of their personal staffs to district offices -- where local benefit-seeking duties matter more and national policy making activities matter less relative to Washington offices . 
Payola is the practice of making illegal , undisclosed payments to radio station personnel in return for getting the stations to play certain songs over the air . 
It 's followed by Stroh Brewery Co. , which has agreed to sell its assets to Coors . 
`` Cathay would love to keep going , but the general sense is they 're going to have to do something . '' 
Mr. Rifenburgh also noted that 150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock were traded during the past three years , `` so there 's a tremendous amount of exposure . '' 
`` I demand the utmost severity in the fight against drug traffickers , '' President Mitterrand said after the meeting in Valladolid , Spain . 
Chase is vacating 1.1 million square feet of space , and Salomon Brothers Inc. , whose headquarters is in the building , also plans to move shortly . 
ABUSE to our bodies is overwhelming . 
Omnicom Group Inc. , New York , reported third-quarter net income rose 54 % to $ 5.6 million , or 22 cents a share , from $ 3.6 million , or 15 cents a share , a year earlier . 
David Vranian M.B.A. Student University of Colorado Boulder , Colo . 
Meanwhile , a woman sitting next to a new Fujitsu terminal writes stock-market information on a chart with a pencil and adds it up with a hand calculator . 
Because of cost overruns on fixed-price military work , Mr. Shrontz said , the company 's defense business will record `` a significant loss '' in 1989 . 
They were frustrated by the longer queues at the cashier and the small coins given as change . 
Kajima advanced 40 to 2,120 and Ohbayashi added 50 to 1,730 . 
The reserves dropped for the first time in recent years , to $ 14 billion in June from $ 19 billion in April . 
Indeed , many traders said that uncertainty about today 's monthly expiration of stocks-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks , prompted a lot of buying by speculative traders who were unwinding positions that were bets on declining stock prices . 
The Indian stock markets have been on a five-year high , with dips and corrections , since Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi started liberalizing industry . 
As part of its decision to leave the building , Chase tried to sell its interest , along with the Atlas estate 's interest , shortly after the October 1987 stock market crash . 
Budget is set at $ 1.5 million . 
Last year , there was an issue of `` death-backed bonds '' -- securities backed by loans to life-insurance policyholders . 
The Poles would plant a 10-square-mile forest somewhere in the country at a cost of $ 150,000 , with the center 's developer footing the bill . 
American Airlines parent AMR and USAir Group , both subject to takeover efforts themselves , have each warned of declining results . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the automobile and trucking insurer had earnings of $ 1.4 million , or 48 cents a share on a restated basis , on revenue of $ 16.5 million . 
A Seagram spokesman in New York would n't comment . 
Among the targets of the Big Board companies ' campaign will be some corporate pension funds that use program-trading strategies to maximize returns on their investments . 
The judge held that the combination of colors used for the Sony products is distinctive and subject to protection under New York state law , rather than federal law . 
As Mr. Noriega 's political troubles grew , so did his offers of assistance to the Contras , an apparent attempt to curry more favor in Washington . 
The merchandise trade deficit widened in August to $ 10.77 billion , the Commerce Department reported , a sharp deterioration from July 's $ 8.24 billion and the largest deficit of any month this year . 
The proposed BellSouth-LIN cellular company , including the newly acquired Metromedia stake , would give the new entity 55 million potential customers , including about 35 million in the nation 's top 10 markets . 
Britain 's current account deficit dropped to # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.56 billion ) in September from an adjusted # 2 billion ( $ 3.21 billion ) the previous month , but the improvement comes amid increasing concern that a recession could strike the U.K. economy next year . 
The consortium faced a setback in May when technical problems forced it to postpone the September launch until next spring . 
Officials expect difficulty routing traffic through downtown San Francisco . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Hutchinson predicted that 1989 would be `` solidly profitable '' for Westmoreland and that 1990 would bring `` more of the same . '' 
What brought the naval issue to a head is that the Crusaders are literally falling apart , without any immediate plan to replace them . 
An outstanding issue in yesterday 's session was Mitsubishi Rayon , which surged 95 to 905 yen ( $ 6.34 ) a share . 
When last we left him , FBI Agent Nick Mancuso had solved a murder mystery , unraveled a Washington political scandal , and racked up some pretty good ratings numbers in the miniseries `` Favorite Son . '' 
China might stave off a crisis if it acts as forcefully as it did to arrest the 1985 decline , when Beijing slammed the brakes on foreign-exchange spending and devalued the currency . 
`` I was upset with Roger , I fumpered and schmumpered , '' says Mr. Peters . 
Although he called current market conditions `` highly competitive , '' Mr. LaMothe , Kellogg 's chairman and chief executive officer , forecast an earnings increase for the full year . 
B.A.T Industries PLC won overwhelming shareholder approval for a defensive restructuring to fend off a # 13.35 billion ( $ 21.23 billion ) takeover bid from Sir James Goldsmith . 
Consumers Power Co. filed with the Michigan Public Service Commission a contract to buy power from the Palisades nuclear plant under a proposed new ownership arrangement for the plant . 
`` They 'll be more timorous in tackling their own voters , like opening up more to agricultural imports from America , hurting their farmers . '' 
Grain , milk and meat come next . 
If start-ups ca n't have early access to research being conducted at institutions , `` we have to replicate it ourselves or do without the research , '' says Ruth Emyanitoff , manager of business development at Applied bioTechnology Inc. , a Cambridge , Mass. , concern . 
Air & Water , which provides environmental services and systems , paid about 1.4 million of its shares for Falcon . 
For last year 's fourth quarter , the company 's tax rate was less than 20 % , he said . 
Consolidated Freightways plans to raise its rates 5.3 % late this year or early next year , and at least two competitors have announced similar increases . 
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University . 
Winners outnumbered losers 645-293 , with 186 issues unchanged . 
This gives them the added benefits of international diversification -- including a foreign-exchange boost during periods , like the past week , when the dollar declines against other major currencies . 
Columbia announced the results after the close of the stock market . 
The tentative agreement calls for 3M to use the 115,000-square-foot plant and 19 acres of land for research laboratories . 
It was `` the Soviets ' Vietnam . '' 
Both are mining concerns . 
The June increase compared with a rise of 10.5 % in May from a year earlier . 
Mr. Leigh-Pemberton reiterated that the exposure of United Kingdom banks to leveraged deals have n't yet reached `` worrying levels . '' 
What 's more , he believes seasonal swings in the auto industry this year are n't occurring at the same time as in the past , because of production and pricing differences that are curbing the accuracy of seasonal adjustments built into the employment data . 
`` He reassured me that the hurricane would end , '' Mr. Deaver recalls . 
Joseph Jr. runs Coors Ceramics Co. , the other operating unit , which had about $ 150 million in 1988 sales . 
Kurzweil Music Systems Inc. said it retained Kidder , Peabody & Co. to study financial alternatives , including the possible sale of the financially struggling company . 
Demand is so strong that all of the domestic makers -- Hyundai , Kia Motors Corp. , Daewoo Motor Co. and even upstart SsangYong Motor Co. -- plan to build more factories . 
These include the extension of liability into areas beyond those established by judicial precedent and the expansion of liability to include punitive damages . 
`` When the chain stores took over , there was no longer a connection between grower and consumer . 
By repeatedly drawing the jury 's attention to the arm , the defense lawyers planted doubt about the origin of the woman 's injuries . 
In the year-earlier period , the company had net of $ 77.2 million , or $ 3.68 a share , and a tax credit of $ 7.7 million . 
But it said extraordinary expenditures for its radio station and restoration of buildings increased the deficit to $ 57.2 million . 
In the opener , Sony Corp. would agree to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. in a transaction valued at close to $ 5 billion . 
In August , Mr. Lewis pleaded guilty to three felony counts . 
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do . 
It relies on the fact that certain atoms give off detectable signals when subjected to an intense magnetic field . 
`` Last season , we did a story that involved spending $ 700,000 in converting a two-family house into a bed and breakfast . '' 
Share prices on the Frankfurt stock exchange closed narrowly mixed in quiet dealings after recovering most of their early losses . 
Instead , China is likely to shell out ever-greater subsidies to its coddled state-run enterprises , which ate up $ 18 billion in bailouts last year . 
Third-period sales were $ 2.49 billion , up from last year 's $ 2.34 billion . 
When it did a half-hour into the session , it was priced at $ 150 a share , down more than $ 28 from Monday 's close . 
`` Read my lips , '' said Mr. Smith . 
Chugai also will help Gen-Probe with its regulatory and marketing expertise in Asia , Mr. Bologna said . 
Directed Technologies received a $ 28.3 million Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency contract for advanced propulsion systems research . 
Tom Trettien , a vice president with Banque Paribas in New York , sees a break in the dollar 's long-term upward trend , a trend that began in January 1988 . 
With Japan 's cash-flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult . 
`` Magazines are not providing us in-depth information on circulation , '' said Edgar Bronfman Jr. , president and chief operating officer of Seagram , in a panel discussion . 
Within the IRS , nearly $ 1.95 billion is provided for processing tax returns , a 12 % increase over fiscal 1989 and double what the government was spending five years ago . 
Based on the current number of La Jolla shares , that gives the transaction a value of $ 104 million . 
He estimated that 1-2-3 outsold Microsoft 's Excel spreadsheet by four-to-one in the quarter , and held a 70 % or better share of the spreadsheet market . 
Even though such facilities use a relatively small amount of crude , analysts say , now the facility wo n't need any , at a time of already high availability . 
But in private meetings yesterday , Budget Director Richard Darman argued that only $ 1.5 billion in new federal appropriations are needed to supplement existing resources . 
Washington , D.C. -- 
Security Pacific Corp. has set its sights on buying its second bank holding company this year . 
But recent events indicate that federal credit is out of control . 
`` I would like to go back to 1970 . 
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 . 
It said it expects net to rise 45 % to 380 billion yen . 
`` We would n't have had to refinance if a lot of the problems had n't been there , '' Mr. Wathen says . 
Analysts said the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa broke the pall that settled over the takeover business for the past three weeks in the wake of the collapsed UAL Corp . buy-out . 
Other retail properties for sale include Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field , retailers now owned by B.A.T PLC , the British tobacco conglomerate . 
The flat report followed a four-month string of declines . 
Both Gen. Scowcroft and his deputy , Robert Gates , are experts in U.S.-Soviet affairs . 
Following the consolidation , the entertainment company , which has film and television operations in Beverly Hills , Calif. , will have about 4.1 million shares outstanding . 
Troubled chains could see their sales drop as much as 8 % , he believes , as managers distracted by fears about the future allow their stores to get sloppy . 
The farmers stayed angry . 
Among the new issues was Massachusetts 's $ 230 million of general obligation bonds . 
`` I do n't want expensive machines . 
New York City bonds were sold off by many investors last week amid political and economic uncertainty . 
Erich Krampe , president of the U.S. sales arm of West German auto maker Daimler Benz AG , predicted luxury-car sales will rise to 840,000 in 1990 from 830,000 this year primarily because of the new Japanese makes . 
They 're small time in the small time-hotels ( not the best ones ) and restaurants in Seattle . 
Mr. Schwarz says the competition `` broadens the base of opportunity for us . '' 
He said Mr. Klein will return to his post at the end of the trial `` at which he will be vindicated . '' 
Her view is that stock prices have three major props : merger and buy-out proposals , earnings and the economic outlook . 
Such disclosures of big holdings often are used by raiders to try to scare a company 's managers , and to stir interest in the stock . 
Couch-potato jocks watching ABC 's `` Monday Night Football '' can now vote during halftime for the greatest play in 20 years from among four or five filmed replays . 
THE HOUSE votes down a proposal to put pension plans under the control of joint labor-management boards . 
Questions like that really stir up Marshall 's ghost . 
Couple Counseling Grows to Defuse Stress 
`` Think I 'll redo my image -- get this changed to a glove , '' quipped the big first baseman Saturday night , fingering the gold bat he wears on a neck chain . 
Traders said Goldman Sachs , Shearson Lehman Hutton and Salomon Brothers were the main force behind the futures buying at the pivotal moment . 
It requires financial planners to register with states , pass competency tests and reveal to customers any conflicts of interest . 
Trinity Rep meanwhile is one of the nation 's oldest and most respected regional theaters , still hosting an annual `` A Christmas Carol . '' 
'' Mr. Sohmer confesses that it was partly in response to such attitudes that he is now `` a dweller on one of the two islands off the coast of America . '' 
The politician appearing is highly controversial and has recently generated a good deal of rancor amid certain groups . 
LONGS DRUG STORES INC. , Walnut Creek , drugstore chain , annual sales of $ 1.9 billion , NYSE , had only minor damage and only four of its 75 Bay-area stores , all in the Santa Cruz area , were closed . 
Thrifts raised capital mostly by selling mortgages and mortgage-backed securities , which were reduced by $ 7.8 billion in August from the prior month . 
Not so Michigan . 
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick . 
Meanwhile , underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. are expected today to price a $ 350 million high-yield offering by Continental Cablevision Inc . 
Ad Notes ... . 
As part of the upscale push , Kidder is putting brokers through a 20-week training course , turning them into `` investment counselors '' with knowledge of corporate finance . 
Company officials have said they plan to reduce that ratio to less than 50 % over the next 2 1\/2 years . 
Council member Cardinal Gerald Carter of Toronto told Vatican Radio : `` Now that we say we covered our deficit this year , people are going to relax and say well that 's fine , the Holy See is out of the hole . 
If you 're going to take the risk in this market , you want something extra . '' 
`` This is a rare case of a company with a big majority holder which will probably act in the interests of the minority holders , '' one investor says . 
Okay , now you can pick up that phone . 
He says he thinks his company is just a few years from doing that . 
But in California , says Craig Ito , a Fuji-apple grower , `` There 's a Fuji apple cult . 
`` It happens . '' 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : 
Seita is a partner in the project , which was developed by Matra SA using Japanese technology . 
More and more observers now realize that the key to ending future HUD scandals lies in forcing Congress to clean up its own act . 
`` Bertie , '' she said , `` Happy 50th Birthday . 
The Kraft package included a specially published cookbook , a national free-standing insert in Sunday newspapers , and a Kraft `` advertorial '' section that ran in five Meredith magazines . 
Its chairman told the union to prepare for the worst in next year 's confrontation with employers over a new three-year wage deal . 
Those days are over now , he believes . 
A lot of car alarms went off . 
Insiders have been selling shares in Dun & Bradstreet Corp. , the huge credit-information concern . 
So IBM will be announcing more than 50 products that will be aimed at letting even the dumbest machine tool talk to the smartest mainframe , or anything in between . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Furukawa said the U.S. market is strengthening as related computer technology gains in sophistication and quality . 
But sooner or later , most of us have to think about life insurance , just as we often have to think about having root-canal work . 
But the bikes ' burgeoning numbers , safety concerns and fear that they damage fragile landscapes have prompted pleas , from the Sierras to the Eastern Seaboard , to ban them from the back country . 
Mr. Padovan is currently a director at Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd . 
The action , in the Canadian Federal Court , will be against Canada , the Netherlands , West Germany , Britain and the U.S. , the ministry spokesman said . 
GM is close to completing a friendly deal with Jaguar that is likely to involve an eventual 30 % stake and joint manufacturing ventures . 
Thus , it remains crucial for RJR to obtain top dollar for its smaller assets like the candy brands . 
Third-quarter sales dropped 11 % to $ 1.27 billion from $ 1.43 billion a year ago . 
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down-payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program-driven financial futures . 
At first it attributed the slump to temporary business disruptions , but when no orders were logged in August and September , manager Donald Lai became convinced that business would be bad for many months . 
Inco said it plans to buy back as many as five million common shares over the next 12 months if nickel market conditions are favorable . 
Atlantic City casino owner Donald Trump is scouting the Las Vegas market with an eye toward building an appropriately spectacular place . 
A lawyer for Lawyers Title said that , because the named companies no longer use the type of cooperative rating bureaus attacked by the FTC , the commission 's order wo n't have much practical impact . 
In Japan , small suggestions are encouraged . 
Proceeds from the note sale will be used to repay a portion of the bank borrowings used by Beatrice to redeem its $ 526.3 million principal amount of increasing rate debentures in August . 
The bill would authorize courts to order the licenses as a condition of probation . 
First National Bank of Chicago will act as trustee , and the transaction will be supported by an 8 % letter of credit issued by Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd. , Chicago branch . 
But the economy `` is slowing enough to give the Federal Reserve leeway to reduce interest rates . '' 
Stanford , MIT and other utmosts will cost no less . 
BOND FUNDS : 
That 's the market . '' 
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet . 
Takeover speculation , which has been buoying stocks of supply houses , may also ease , says Peter Sidoti , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
He recently trimmed his portfolio of International Paper , Dow Chemical , Quantum Chemical , International Business Machines and Digital Equipment . 
Mr. Kageyama is accurate to deny a specific anti-American bias . 
He said a clear majority of senators back the tax reduction and that ultimately there would be enough senators to overcome any procedural hurdle the Democratic leadership might erect . 
Even a pack of 20 Western cigarettes can fetch 20 rubles or more . 
For the private domestic business economy , the bias was a bit over 0.5 percentage point . 
A new in-house magazine , Kidder World -- which will focus on the firm 's synergy strategy , says Mr. Carpenter -- confides that on weekends Mr. Newquist `` often gets value-added ideas while flying his single-engine Cessna Centurion on the way to Nantucket . '' 
Biosource Genetics Corp. , Vacaville , Calif. , is developing a spray containing a gene that spreads from cell to cell and interferes with the genes that are responsible for producing pollen . 
In the SEC filing , the Kass-Pedone group said it intends to acquire additional H.H. Robertson shares `` with a view towards a possible change in control of the company . '' 
The perception lingers , says an official at a major industrial company . 
In April 1987 , evidence surfaced that commissions were paid . 
`` The stories are rubbish , '' a British Air spokesman said . 
But Mr. Simonds-Gooding said he is n't talking to any studios about investing . 
Mr. Kryuchkov was quoted as saying that in place of the infamous 5th Directorate a new unit would work `` to foil the conspiracies of foreign intelligence services to create and use organized anti-government groups in our country . '' 
Harold Jones , Lincoln 's chief retail banking officer , said there has n't yet been `` a discernible response , '' although the ad included a coupon that could arrive later in the week . 
These programs could be expanded to focus on funds for project planning , identifying sources of funds , and for acquiring a site and preparing it . 
Behind them was a huge ANC flag and an even bigger sign that said `` ANC Lives , ANC Leads . '' 
So would someone recently divorced or widowed . 
`` A lot of people think I will give away the store , but I can assure you I will not , '' he says . 
The company gained shareholder approval Thursday to restructure in a bid to fend off the hostile takeover . 
The exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held until it reached a maximum of 35 % . 
The release of several economic reports had little impact on the market , including a report that the U.S. trade deficit expanded to a surprisingly wide $ 10.77 billion in August , up from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July . 
The refund is about $ 9 million . 
But the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court held that federal law did n't pre-empt the states from such a prosecution . 
The issue brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 30.2 billion and its total volume to $ 42.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
Using Gnu-Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes . 
It did n't work . 
Mr. Pilson recalls that in April 1986 , after CBS 's annual meeting in Philadelphia , he and Mr. Tisch took the 90-minute train ride back to New York , and Mr. Pilson used this extended private audience to outline his ambitions . 
Some of the biggest service-industry exporters -- American financial-service companies , for example -- have yet to be fully included in our export statistics . 
Some analysts said Inco , which had cash reserves of $ 272 million as of Sept. 30 , could still announce a special dividend in the next few months , though it would be smaller than the $ 10-a-share special dividend it paid last year . 
West Germany 's cost-of-living index rose a preliminary 0.3 % in October from September and was up 3.3 % from a year earlier , the Federal Statistics Office in Wiesbaden said . 
Cotton Inc . Campaign 
The other insiders , all senior or executive vice presidents , sold between 2,520 and 6,881 shares , representing between 8 % and 70 % of their holdings , according to SEC filings . 
Now 48 years old , Ms. Volokh has definite ideas about what she wants . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
The rumor , which has been neither confirmed nor denied , has China buying 125,000 to 200,000 bales for near-term delivery . 
Some analysts do n't expect a quick revival of any takeover by the pilots . 
In August , personal income rose 0.3 % and spending grew 0.9 % . 
The commission found that if the British government attempted to block the merger , Rhone-Poulenc would likely respond by closing the salicylates plant Monsanto operates in Wales , removing the matter from U.K. jurisdiction . 
Arthur H. Rosenfeld , previously president of the Prentice Hall Tax and Professional Services division , was named president of the newly formed Macmillan Professional and Business Reference division . 
In Japan , Furukawa said it will raise production at a plant outside Tokyo to 300,000 sheets monthly from 100,000 . 
But the news was even worse for Sears 's core U.S. retailing operation , the largest in the nation . 
But he says he did n't understand he was buying the CD on the secondary market , and he contends his broker never fully explained the risks . 
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries a warrant exercisable Nov. 24 , 1989 , through Oct. 29 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 31 . 
Perhaps most important , Mr. Noriega 's allies have intervened to encourage -- in some cases , to demand -- that the dictator maintain his grip of the throne . 
That effect holds true for both short-term and long-term bonds . 
`` He has mastered the art of survival . '' 
They added that the settlement is the culmination of a 2 1\/2-year investigation into the company 's aluminum pricing practices in connection with KC-135s . 
To get around the delays caused by the optical device , Businessland , which is Next 's exclusive dealer to corporations , has for months been advising customers to purchase hard drives with the machines . 
The drug was introduced in West Germany this year . 
Why had Mr. Korotich been called ? 
The space shuttle Atlantis landed at a desert air strip at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif. , ending a five-day mission that dispatched the Jupiter-bound Galileo space probe . 
Small-business interests have lobbied against the so-called Section 89 tax rules . 
I know many schoolteachers and , on the whole , they are seriously committed to conscientious teaching . 
Neither has plans to be a market maker for now . 
But the implications of such a shift to market approaches go well beyond the fact that Poland is already working on nationwide emissions trades to reduce smelter pollution , or that the Soviets plan to introduce marketable pollution permits in some republics next year . 
Treasury Undersecretary David Mulford defended the Treasury 's efforts this fall to drive down the value of the dollar , saying it helped minimize damage from the 190-point drop in the stock market Oct. 13 . 
Many couples `` are like ships passing in the night , '' a communications gulf that sparks problems on the job and at home , says psychologist Harry Levinson . 
China 's People 's Daily took note of the growing problem of computer fraud . 
To be sure , the program has n't completely stalled . 
For one thing , Digital , Maynard , Mass. , has sold fewer machines . 
Guarantee by Credit Suisse . 
The Diet does n't normally even debate bills because the opposition parties are so often opposed to whatever LDP does that it would be a waste of time . 
The trade deficit in the first eight months is already wider than the trade gap of $ 1.09 billion for all of 1988 . 
The failed bank had assets of about $ 129.6 million . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Other news that weighed on the market : Initial unemployment claims rose by 62,000 last week ; American Telephone & Telegraph Co. will reduce its managerial staff by 15,000 through attrition ; the oil market turned weaker ; there was n't any investor demand for bullion ; and the dollar strengthened during the day , putting pressure on gold . 
`` What kind of right to exist , '' he asked , `` would a capitalist German Democratic Republic have alongside a capitalist Federal Republic ? '' 
That was n't always the way the Reagan administration handled such matters . 
Thomas A. Donovan , 37 years old , formerly vice president , West Coast operations , at this hazardous-waste-site remediation concern , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer , both newly created posts , and a director , filling a vacancy . 
Samuel Hall , Howard University 's placement director , also does n't see it . 
Sen. Dole also said he hoped for unanimous support for a resolution he plans to offer tomorrow denouncing the Nicaraguan leader . 
Merieux previously said it would ensure its bid remained open pending a final decision by Canadian regulators on whether to approve the takeover . 
Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. was dropped , effective today , from the recreational products and services industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index . 
Last week , the Grand Union offering was sweetened to include warrants that allow bondholders to acquire common stock . 
Detroit-to-Tokyo flights were booked solid this week as Motor City executives , including Ford Motor Co. Chairman Donald E. Petersen and Chrysler Corp. Vice Chairman Gerald Greenwald , flocked to see the future . 
These include trying to protect its print advertising by invoking the First Amendment , and wooing blacks by portraying itself as a protector of civil rights . 
He says his company 's prowess at packaging and marketing `` is why we 'll be good at Columbia . 
If it is n't completed , Comprehensive Care said it would be `` required to promptly restructure its debt . '' 
Looking ahead to commodity markets this week : 
The robot probe was dispatched Wednesday by the shuttle crew , which is to conduct a series of medical and other experiments before their scheduled landing Monday in California . 
Four years ago , Pittsburgh was designated the most-livable U.S. city by Rand McNally 's Places Rated Almanac , and the honor did wonders to improve Pittsburgh 's soot-stained image . 
Two weeks later -- perhaps in retaliation -- Mr. Ortiz was shot three times in the back , during what police classified as a third robbery attempt . 
His skis spread farther and farther apart -- just as buy-sell spreads widen during a financial panic -- and soon he is out of control . 
Shortly after announcing its quarterly loss , USAir 's stock tumbled $ 3 a share . 
Still , if nothing else , a revoked brokerage license could be a burden because it must be disclosed in many of the transactions in which Drexel could be involved . 
The flying telephone : `` You tangle the base cord around a chair leg , and the receiver does seem to fly off . '' 
`` People were n't so happy in the 1930s , '' says Thomas Lessner , another local professor and the biographer of the legendary Fiorello LaGuardia , the city 's fusion mayor who built a coalition Mr. Giuliani hopes to emulate . 
The $ 7.81 billion of six-month Treasury bills were sold with an average discount rate of 7.50 % , the highest since the average of 7.60 % at the Oct. 10 auction . 
They plan to increase cooperation in freight ground-handling and create a world-wide computer system to process cargo . 
Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge alone is thought to hide more than three billion barrels of oil . 
Mr. Krampe also said that Mercedes plans to bring out new models every year through the mid-1990s and it will shorten its product development cycle to eight years from 10 or 12 years to compete more effectively with Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus , Nissan Motor Co. 's Infiniti and Honda Motor Co. 's Acura luxury-car divisions . 
Some people think the search for liquidity is fruitless . 
Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler Corp. representatives criticized Mr. Tonkin 's plan as unworkable . 
Explaining his change of mind , Mr. Straszheim says later , `` It 's hard to pin this on one factor . '' 
Mr. Wall 's deputies complained that they had n't been given an opportunity to respond to the criticism brought out during the Banking Committee 's hearings , which Committee Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) has used as a forum to flay Mr. Wall 's handling of the affair and to demand that he step aside from his job . 
Shaw-Walker , based in Muskegon , Mich. , makes metal files and desks , and seating and office systems furniture . 
But John LaWare , a Fed governor , told the subcommittee the evidence is mixed and that the Fed 's believes the vast majority of banks are n't discriminating . 
Net fell 1 % to 3.23 billion yen from 3.26 billion yen . 
As part of the same bill , the finance panel also voted in favor of billions of dollars in narrow tax breaks for individuals and corporations , in what committee member Sen. David Pryor ( D. , Ark . ) calls a `` feeding frenzy '' of special-interest legislating . 
The decline in prices cut broadly through the blue-chip issues , as Siemens tumbled 7.5 to 544 , Deutsche Bank plunged 7 to 657 , and the auto makers fell sharply as well . 
`` Back in 1964 , the FBI had five black agents . 
Moreover , the burden of consumer credit payments relative to disposable income may be `` lower in this cycle than earlier , '' Mr. Durkin says . 
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares . 
`` We always heard about the earthquake , but as children we did n't always listen . 
He said he believes UAL management was badly advised on the funding of its original transaction . 
A crusade of NO to the consumption of drugs is imperative . 
GE Chairman John Welch has been `` besieged with phone calls '' complaining about his unit 's program trading , according to a person close to him . 
`` I have to attribute the lackluster performance to a natural disaster , '' said Mr. Premner . 
At its November meeting , it will try to revise its quotas to satisfy Persian Gulf members that can produce far more oil than their allotments . 
The acquisition was completed in September . 
Ted Eubank , Coda 's president , said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month dedicated to repayment . 
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama-based company , Southbrook Holdings . 
The Treasury Department proposed that banks be required to keep detailed records of international wire transfers , which officials believe is the main vehicle used by drug traffickers to move billions of dollars in and out of the U.S. . 
Often the genteel , conservative , long-term-oriented investment bankers were displaced by crude traders : `` When angered , he cursed so forcefully that his face reddened and his pale-blue eyes narrowed into tiny slits , '' the authors say of Lehman 's Lewis Glucksman . 
The Cypress structure opened in June 1957 , and as such , like many buildings in the San Francisco Bay area , does not meet current building codes requiring considerably more steel support . 
From 1984 to 1987 , its earnings soared six-fold , to $ 3.8 million , on a seven-fold increase in revenue , to $ 44.1 million . 
Microsoft 's stock rose $ 2.875 a share in national over-the-counter trading to $ 78.625 . 
Judging by the crush at the exhibition , deprived Soviet consumers are more than ready for U.S. products . 
These federal-court suits accuse the officers of failing to disclose that Easy Eggs were unlikely to sell briskly enough to justify all of Michael 's production capacity . 
DREYER'S GRAND ICE CREAM INC. , Oakland , ice cream maker , annual sales of $ 225 million , OTC , said it is delivering ice cream wherever roads are passable . 
Daewoo Motor , a 50-50 joint venture with General Motors Corp. and the Daewoo Group conglomerate , is the only auto maker that appears to be hurting . 
When the balloon is cruising along at a steady altitude there is little sense of motion . 
Those who are n't worried about how Japanese manufacturers ' investments will affect trade note that many new products are n't replacements for imports . 
`` The profit locking-in is definitely going on , '' said Mr. Mills , whose firm manages $ 600 million for Boston Co . 
The company said it also is making progress in negotiating the buy-out of its design division by management . 
By the end of the century scientists had embraced the system . 
November gasoline slipped slightly . 
It will have a Russian tavern , an English pub , a discotheque and Japanese and Italian restaurants , according to a Sheraton announcement . 
`` With the repeal of Section 89 , we can no longer say they 're discouraging businesses from offering health plans , '' says Christine Russell , the Chamber of Commerce 's small-business advocate . 
CRA said then that it was looking for a partner for the mine , which produces more than three million metric tons of coal a year . 
Lawyers and their clients who frequently bring business to a country courthouse can expect to appear before the same judge year after year . 
Psychologists say isolated people who do n't discuss their investments with others are particularly at risk for fraud . 
`` With Krenz , we just do n't know what to expect . '' 
Mr. Lee concedes the statements made to him are far different from others being issued in China , but attributes that to the fact that the situation in China is `` very complex . '' 
Meat consumption is at 1979 's level , pork production at 1973 's , milk output at 1960 's . 
Now , in the wake of UAL 's troubles in financing its buy-out , the airline raiding game has been grounded . 
There were no immediate reports of deaths , but officials said a number of workers were still unaccounted for last night . 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills . 
A Merc spokesman said the plan has n't made much difference in liquidity in the pit . 
They note that stocks experienced volatile swings long before futures . 
Someone with a master 's degree in classical arts who works in a deli would be ideal , Litigation Sciences advises . 
NCAA Executive Director Richard Schultz , in accepting a place on the Knight Commission , urged that the panel take a `` balanced '' view , which looks for all the world like a plea not to rock the boat too much , and the presidents ' recommendations could face considerable opposition at the NCAA 's full convention in January , which will vote on them . 
And much better at that than at { the price-cutting } he 's been doing recently . '' 
RJR Nabisco agreed to sell three candy businesses to Nestle for $ 370 million . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , K mart closed yesterday at $ 36 a share , up 12.5 cents . 
Newport Beach telemarketers concentrate on precious metals and oil-leasing deals that typically cost thousands of dollars a shot . 
This change comes less from a shift in public opinion , which has n't changed much on abortion over the past decade , than in the boundaries of the debate . 
Meanwhile , the Treasury sold $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills yesterday . 
`` You 'll start to see shows where viewers program the program . 
LIN Broadcasting and BellSouth sweetened their plan to merge cellular phone operations , offering LIN holders a special $ 42-a-share payout . 
But the warranty on simpler parts would be lowered to two years or 24,000 miles . 
The Canadian government , with a view to becoming more politically active in Latin America , is expected to announce tomorrow its application to join the Organization of American States , a Washington-based regional agency . 
Members of the Senate Banking Committee know Mr. Breeden from working on the thrift-bailout bill , and the relationship generally remains warm . 
Yesterday 's major economic news -- a 0.2 % rise in the September index of leading economic indicators -- had little impact on financial markets . 
SHORT-TERM MUNICIPALS : 
For the survey , Peter D. Hart Research Associates asked some 2,000 consumers , including Mrs. Lombardi , whether they usually buy one brand of a certain type of product or have no brand loyalty . 
They also insist that touching is a basic need , as powerful as the need for food or sleep , and that the office is as good a place as any to do it . 
Since the China crisis erupted , Mr. Mushkat says , the scenario as depicted by the middle-of-the-road group bears a remarkable resemblance to the difficulties Hong Kong currently faces . 
EARNINGS : 
Eaton earned from continuing operations $ 165.1 million , or $ 4.40 a share , down 7 % from $ 177.5 million , or $ 4.76 a share , a year earlier . 
Now the best of them age as gracefully as Grannies , the industry 's gold standard for storability . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.09 % two months ; 8.06 % three months ; 8 % six months ; 7.94 % one year . 
As the yen soared in recent years , Sansui 's deepening financial problems became a vicious circle . 
It blames most of these on Fatah . 
He did later threaten vetoes over legislation restoring the District of Columbia 's right to use its own tax money to fund abortions for poor women and over restoring funding to the United Nations Population Fund . 
Troubled Saatchi & Saatchi Co. has attracted offers for some of its advertising units , with potential suitors including Interpublic Group , but has rejected them , people familiar with the company said . 
Towering overcapacity in the synthetic fiber business , which accounted for half of the Dutch chemical company 's sales , led to huge losses and left Akzo 's survival in doubt . 
So far , analysts have said they are looking for $ 3.30 to $ 3.35 a share . 
So there is reason to believe that Michael 's hopes for a bacteria-free , long-shelf-life egg were n't all hype . 
WALL STREET , SHAKE hands with George Orwell . 
Officials in East Berlin , responding to complaints from opposition groups , admitted police used excessive force in dispersing protesters this month . 
`` We just have n't learned what it takes to compete . 
`` They 've been promising 13 % to 15 % growth based on the strategic moves they 've made , '' he said . 
In the San Francisco area , roughly 800,000 barrels a day of crude , about a third of all the refining capacity in California , is processed daily , according to industry data . 
But that was not the case at NBC News , which has been dogged with the image of not being aggressive on major breaking stories . 
Indentical conditions for the two parts . 
But it has only the Fed to pursue price-level stability . 
The Financial Times 100-share index has dropped about 12 % from its 1989 high of 2423.9 on Sept. 8 . 
In Cupertino , Calif. , Apple said that it believes the case has no merit , and that HyperCard does not infringe `` any valid claims '' of the Quickview patents . 
Now the assault is on , '' said one top trader . 
Second , the World Bank 's recent $ 75 billion capital increase -- $ 14 billion from the U.S. -- has left the IMF feeling less than first fiddle among international financial institutions . 
Intelogic Trace , a computer services company , was spun off to Datapoint holders in 1985 , after Mr. Edelman gained control . 
Krenz , however , vowed to preserve the Communist Party 's hold on political power and said East Germans should n't destabilize the nation with unrealistic demands . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Coca-Cola Enterprises closed at $ 16.375 a share , down 62.5 cents . 
Like West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl , he represents the postwar generation that has grown up during Germany 's division . 
No doubt many of his ideas are worthy , but ultimately he is proposing to make fundamentally flawed programs work slightly more fairly and efficiently . 
The impact of the destruction of this 2.5-mile stretch of highway was tragically measured in lost lives . 
`` This is the first year since transportation deregulation in 1980 that we have had such a dramatic and broad-based upturn in perceived transportation rates , '' said Bernard LaLonde , a transportation logistics professor at Ohio State in Columbus . 
-- `` Arms Control Reality , '' Nov. 20 , 1984 , the first of some 20 Journal editorials saying that Krasnoyarsk violated the ABM treaty . 
But it 's just as plausible to argue that if even David Boren can get mired in this sort of mess , the problem goes beyond legal interpretation . 
But the stock market , despite some stomach-churning declines , has far outperformed other securities over extended periods . 
She worked part-time as a consultant and wrote a book , but never restarted her high-powered legal career . 
The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing on Jan. 25 , 1990 , and April 26 , 1990 , respectively . 
A close look at his record over the last 15 years suggests that Mr. Bush has well-stated his views -- on all sides of the issue . 
`` It 's like panning for gold outside of Grand Central Station . 
As expected , the longer-term tax-exempt New York bonds had yields nearly as high as those on taxable long-term Treasury bonds . 
Yesterday , Mobil said domestic exploration and production operations had a $ 16 million loss in the third quarter , while comparable foreign operations earned $ 234 million . 
For such businessmen , the Canadian government is organizing 55 missions this year to U.S. states bordering on Canada . 
And some U.S. Army analysts worry that the proposed Soviet redefinition is aimed at blocking the U.S. from developing lighter , more transportable , high-technology tanks . 
Mr. Tannenbaum is a reporter in the Journal 's New York bureau . 
When the opportunist Lucio ( Jack Stehlin ) visits the convent to inform Isabella of her brother 's fate , Lucio not only slaps the mother superior on her rear , but brings along a voluptuous companion ( Jill Powell ) , not in Shakespeare 's script , to undulate lasciviously . 
`` Arby 's is n't for sale , '' said Renee Mottram , senior vice president at DWG . 
Daniel Brigham 
The deal by the Ford Motor Co. unit , priced Monday , was increased to $ 3.05 billion from $ 2.58 billion . 
Fujisawa gained 50 to 2,060 . 
`` The absurdity of the official rate should seem obvious to everyone , '' the afternoon newspaper Izvestia wrote in a brief commentary on the devaluation . 
It also saves money . 
What 's more , the seven mail personnel aboard were missing . 
In New York , Harris Amhowitz , general counsel of Coopers , said Coopers `` was aware of the litigation , '' but he declined further comment . 
This is keeping the gold traders handcuffed . '' 
AGIP , the state-owned energy giant , made the announcement about the gas field last month . 
The three-month bills will still mature Feb. 1 , 1990 , and the six-month bills on May 3 , 1990 . 
The figures show that spending rose 0.1 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 3.8 % from a year ago . 
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full-time American members and 25,000 `` associates . '' 
For the nine months , the company said profit fell 49 % to $ 23.5 million from $ 46 million in the year-earlier quarter , which included divestiture-related gains of $ 50.6 million . 
A 20-story mesh spire will stand atop 50 stories of commercial space . 
`` In that sense , the whole debate is sort of a fraud , '' argues a Democratic Senate staff member . 
Rally 's also said it formed a committee of three directors , who are n't associated with either the Patterson or Sugarman groups , to analyze the situation . 
AMR , which owns American Airlines , rose 3 3\/8 to 72 1\/4 ; USAir Group fell 1 1\/2 to 38 5\/8 , and Delta Air Lines rose 1\/2 to 66 1\/2 after posting higher earnings for the September quarter . 
The controversy kicked up by the proliferation of these all-terrain bicycles is one of the most divisive storms to blow through the national conservation movement in recent memory . 
Manville said it expects the plant to begin operating at the end of 1991 . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Lep Group said a possible course of action may include acquiring some or all of the Profit Systems shares it does n't already own . 
Mr. Muniak 's company , Balag Ltd. , has agreed to set aside the money to plant and maintain it , but discussions are still going on over where to place it and how to ensure that it will be maintained . 
The debt was reoffered priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.15 % in 2008-2009 . 
A slight recovery in the stock market gave currency traders confidence to push the dollar higher before the unit dropped back by day 's end . 
Mr. Mark attributed the improvement to cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending together two sales organizations and more carefully focusing the company 's promotional activities . 
But in spite of a wind-driven rainstorm , gridlock never materialized , mainly because the Bay Area Rapid Transit subway system carried 50 % more passengers than normal . 
For the nine months , AMR 's net rose 15 % to $ 415.9 million , or $ 6.59 a share , from $ 360.1 million , or $ 5.99 a share . 
The Dow Jones industrials gained 4.92 , to 2643.65 . 
And the Japanese are likely to keep close on Conner 's heels . 
Sansui was once one of Japan 's premier makers of expensive , high-quality stereo gear for audiophiles . 
But it may lead to separate financial reports based on different rules for the government entities under FASB rules and those still under GASB rules . 
Most foreign government bonds markets were quiet . 
Shared Technologies Inc. , offering of 2.5 million common shares , via Smetek , Van Horn & Cormack Inc. and Oakes , Fitzwilliams & Co . 
In an attempt to persuade investors that his bid was n't just `` a stock play , '' Mr. Trump promised last week to notify the market before selling any shares . 
The office , a Treasury Department unit that is the successor to the Federal Home Loan Bank Board , said this was the first announcement of an enforcement action since this year 's thrift-bailout legislation ordered that all such actions by federal banking regulators be made public . 
Eventually , he believes , investors will be willing to pay higher prices for companies with proven track records of earnings growth . 
Many people here expect a room-rate war as the new projects open . 
In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year . 
Intel eased 1\/8 to 31 7\/8 . 
They build extended minivans and the Dodge Spirit , Acclaim , Shadow and Sundance . 
It quoted Liu Changyi , deputy director of the Beijing Public Security Bureau , as saying that there were many more people involved in prostitution now than in 1985 , when there were about 100 cases . 
Teddy , the eldest of Max 's sons , has made the most dramatic escape by becoming a professor of philosophy at an American university . 
To begin with , we should note that in contrast to the U.S. deficit , Britain has been running largish budget surpluses . 
In Panama , the U.S. interests at stake were happily minor ; the only people killed were foreigners hapless enough to trust American will . 
Tele-Communications , the U.S. 's largest cable company , said it may seek other cable partners to join in its investment . 
I myself took such courses in college , thinking I might end up a schoolteacher . 
But Goodyear said total U.S. tire unit sales were off about 2 % . 
If all the debt was converted , about 13 million new shares would be issued . 
For example , the proposed overhaul of prices -- an extremely sensitive political topic -- is far more precise than the vague plans announced by Mr. Gorbachev in 1987 and later dropped . 
In May 1988 , an ammonium perchlorate plant in Henderson owned by an American Pacific Corp. unit was leveled by a series of explosions . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. will manage the offering . 
Blue-chip advertisers have plenty of complaints about the magazines they advertise in , ranging from inadequate consumer research to ad `` clutter '' and a seemingly unchecked proliferation of special interest magazines . 
`` Many programs we have now come from the West and are not suitable to our culture , '' a government minister said . 
If the matter requires further legal work or litigation , Mr. Cane says , his lawyers may refer the client to a law firm . 
In the 1980s , the Justice Department and lower federal courts that enforce the Voting Rights Act have required state legislatures and municipal governments to create the maximum number of `` safe '' minority election districts -- districts where minorities form between 65 % and 80 % of the voting population . 
Earnings from Union Pacific Realty dropped 50 % to $ 3 million . 
But again , the themes get tangled in Mr. Mahfouz 's elliptical storytelling . 
The combined companies will become profitable by January 1990 , said James P. Sherblom , Transgenic 's chairman and chief executive officer . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Typical , perhaps , was the situation at New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. , the General Motors Corp.-Toyota joint-venture auto plant in Fremont , about 35 miles south of Oakland . 
True , Ford was declared the winner Sunday , but only after the Honda driver who crossed the finish line first was disqualified because it hit another car and skid momentarily out of bounds . 
The panel found that since 1987 , real-estate prices rose nearly 50 % in a speculative fever fueled by economic prosperity , the 1988 Seoul Olympics and the government 's pledge to rapidly develop Korea 's southwest . 
`` I do n't think anyone is now immune from takeover , '' said Robert Schneider of Duff & Phelps Inc. , Chicago . 
'' Mr. Milunovich said he was revising his estimate for DEC 's current year from $ 8.20 a share to `` well below $ 8 , '' although he has n't settled on a final number . 
The current equilibrium is fragile and depends on steady , strong demand and continued relative harmony within OPEC , producer of more than 40 % of the non-Communist world 's crude . 
That could shove a weak economy into recession . 
Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . 
For the past couple of years , Westmoreland has undertaken an aggressive streamlining of all aspects of its business . 
To be sure , the stock still has a lot of fans . 
The 170 airlines in the International Air Transport Association last year posted group net profit of $ 2.5 billion on revenue of $ 125.1 billion . 
`` That is consumer issues . '' 
It 's not a zero-sum game . '' 
Within the building-materials group , Georgia-Pacific climbed 1 1\/4 to 58 and Louisiana-Pacific added 1 to 40 3\/4 after Merrill Lynch recommended the forest-products issues . 
Nevertheless , Oregon Sen. Bob Packwood , the ranking GOP member on the tax-writing Senate Finance Committee , last night introduced his plan as an amendment to a pending measure authorizing U.S. aid for Poland and Hungary . 
When the lease expires in 1999 , he says , `` It 's got to be changed . '' 
The company blamed a number of factors for the earnings decline , including softer sales of joint-implants . 
But CBS 's costs are huge , and the risks go up with each new sports package that CBS locks up . 
After being inspected , buildings with substantial damage were color-coded . 
The yen 's softness , she says , apparently stems from Japanese investors ' interest in buying dollars against the yen to purchase U.S. bond issues and persistent worries about this year 's upheaval in the Japanese government . 
An analyst called it one of the worst trade reports since the dollar bottomed out in 
That 's even less than the 4.35 % total return of the Merrill Lynch High-Yield Index . 
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare . 
Poachers would control the underground trade . 
In addition , the chairman has a wary eye aimed a year or two down the road . 
Though Dentsu says it has no concrete acquisition plans or deadlines , it is laying the groundwork for international growth . 
Jaguar assumed its recently customary place on the OTC most active list as its American depository receipts gained 1\/4 to 11 7\/8 on volume of 1.2 million shares and Daimler-Benz joined the list of companies interested in the British car maker . 
Domestic wholesale sales rose 11.9 % from a year earlier , while foreign sales jumped 17.3 % , Istat said . 
Depositary shares are convertible into common stock on a 1-to-1 basis . 
`` We have no further developments to report , '' he said . 
If all goes well , it will parachute a probe into the dense Jovian atmosphere in July 1995 to pick up detailed data about gases that may be similar to the material from which the solar system was formed 4.6 billion years ago . 
`` There 's nothing that says that people at Harvard Business school have to agree with each other , '' said Mr. Buzzell . 
He is taken aback in an interview when asked whether , as mayor , he plans on reforming the political `` fiefdoms '' that perpetuate the monumental ineffectiveness of New York 's school system . 
Moody 's Investors Service said it lowered its rating on about $ 75 million of this Chatsworth , Calif. , concern 's convertible subordinated debentures , due 2012 , to Caa from B2 . 
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies . 
A White House budget office analysis estimates that $ 500 million -- or half the level in the committee bill -- is needed for highway assistance to meet California 's needs , and the administration rejects the notion that new appropriations are needed to finance disaster loans by the Small Business Administration . 
New entitlements tend to grow , creating a rationale for new taxes . 
UAL'S STOCK SKIDDED an additional $ 24.875 , to $ 198 , as British Airways indicated it may balk at any hastily revised version of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Air 's parent . 
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely . 
`` If there 's any way you can do it , you ought to go to Idaho and go fishing for a while . '' 
The Nationalists withdrew in 1950 , after their flight to Taiwan , and the Communist government in Beijing applied for restoration of China 's membership in July 1986 . 
It was the ninth inning of the third game of a three-game playoff between the Brooklyn Dodgers and the New York Giants ( the predecessor to the San Francisco Giants scheduled to play in tonight 's world series ) . 
A Turner spokesman would n't speculate on the extent of the charge 's effect on the quarter 's earnings , but said the company continues to expect to report a net loss for 1989 . 
The finding riveted medicine . 
City building codes require construction that can resist temblors . 
But last year Hitachi Ltd. surprised Japan 's electronics industry when it accused Korea 's Samsung Electronics Co. of using Hitachi technology to make dynamic random-access memory chips . 
That was just an early step in a relationship with government that has earned the Mitsubishi group the dubious moniker of `` seisho , '' literally government-business , a title that has the pejorative connotation of doing the government 's bidding , but also suggests the clout inherent in maintaining such close ties . 
Even Drexel is pulling back . 
`` The price of poker has gone up , '' crows Charles M. Neinas , the College Football Association 's executive director . 
Still , without many actual deals to show off , Kidder is left to stress that it finally has `` a team '' in place , and that everyone works harder . 
McCaw , which dropped 2 1\/2 to 37 3\/4 , has offered $ 125 a share for a majority of LIN 's shares . 
Computer Associates International , the most active Big Board issue , was another victim of an earnings-related sell-off . 
A guy is sitting up in an office deciding what you 're going to eat . '' 
Among the responses the Swiss trader got was one from the Soviet national shipping company , which had n't been invited to submit a bid . 
T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. said directors recommended stockholders approve a 2-for-1 stock split and an increase in authorized shares to 25 million from 10 million . 
Interest on the bonds will be treated as a preference item in calculating the federal alternative minimum tax that may be imposed on certain investors . 
Crane Co. said it holds an 8.9 % stake in Milton Roy Corp. , an analytical-instruments maker , and may seek control of the company . 
George W. Koch , 63 years old , president and chief executive officer of Grocery Manufacturers of America Inc. , was elected a director of this maker of spices , seasonings and specialty foods , succeeding Erskin N. White Jr. , 65 , who resigned . 
The central charge against Judge Hastings is that he conspired with a Washington lawyer to obtain a $ 150,000 bribe from defendants in a criminal case before the judge , in return for leniency . 
Late Thursday , the Treasury said it needed to raise $ 17 billion quickly and would do so by issuing new securities this week . 
But that ghost was n't fooled ; he knew the RDF was neither rapid nor deployable nor a force -- even though it cost $ 8 billion or $ 10 billion a year . 
Orkem , France 's third-largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources . 
Unocal fell 1 1\/2 to 52 1\/4 and Burlington Resources declined 7\/8 to 45 5\/8 . 
And most vacationers still prefer a warm climate for their winter excursions . 
A spokesman for Democratic Sen. Pell of Rhode Island said , however , that the Immigration and Naturalization Service would review the stowaway 's request . 
`` All the positive figures on the economy are out already , and people are focusing more on the dangers for next year , mostly the wage talks and the { parliamentary } elections , '' the U.S. trader said . 
The Guber-Peters duo have 50 projects in various stages of development and production at Warner , including `` Bonfire of the Vanities '' and `` A Bright Shining Lie . '' 
He said his compensation under the Sears contract is `` a multimillion dollar deal . 
Several executives said another potential contender is WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather agency , which works on some other Philip Morris products . 
Already , he notes , the 76 charges originally filed against him have been trimmed to 27 . 
He has characterized the five senators ' roles as `` tantamount to an attempt to subvert the ... regulatory process , '' and he is n't expected to back down even though the five senators have disputed his account of a 1987 meeting . 
Ralph Neas was the organizing genius , whipping a conglomerate of pressure groups into an irresistible attacking force . 
Such dignity `` has to do crucially with a butler 's ability not to abandon the professional being he inhabits . '' 
Holders at the meeting elected a full slate of Canadian Express nominees to Enfield 's 11-member board . 
Frank grovels a little for the bookers , probably no more or less than he would have to if he worked for a big corporation . 
`` Now we 're looking for a room with thicker walls , '' Ms. Banks says . 
The younger couple 's stockholdings involve more risk than a diversified stock portfolio because the bulk of the money is in a single issue . 
The company expects to resume full operations by today . 
AT&T said the expense increase will be largely offset by a gain from its previously announced plan to swap its holdings in Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. for shares in Cie . Industriali Riunite , an Italian holding company . 
While American aid efforts have been limited by budget problems , yesterday France announced a three-year , four billion French franc ( $ 650 million ) aid plan for Poland . 
Spiegel Inc. , citing continuing improvement in the apparel market , said third-quarter net income jumped 65 % from the soft year-earlier period , on an 11 % increase in revenue . 
Manville itself does n't rule out a restructuring . 
But HomeFed said it purposely curbed loan originations in the quarter because of uncertainty over the new capital requirements and regulations that will emerge from negotiations over implementing the government 's massive thrift bailout bill . 
Mr. Auvil , razor sharp at 83 , has picked and packed a zillion pecks of apples over the past 65 years . 
So the senators must brace themselves . 
Pretax profit in the latest year climbed to # 187.1 million ( $ 297.1 million ) from # 146.3 million ( $ 232.3 million ) . 
The Ontario Supreme Court overturned Mr. Blair 's decision . 
The ruling follows a host of problems at Tucson Electric , including major write-downs , a 60 % slash in the common stock dividend and the departure of former Chairman Einar Greve during a company investigation of his stock sales . 
A decision is n't expected until some time next year . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.81 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Some 250,000 cars normally cross the closed Bay Bridge between Oakland and San Francisco daily . 
The U.S. unit dipped to a session low against the mark just after the release of the U.S. consumer price index . 
It buys loans from lenders , packages some into securities for sale to investors and holds the remainder in a portfolio . 
The immediate target of Rep. Gonzalez 's inquiry is Danny Wall , chairman of the Office of Thrift Supervision . 
The word is out . 
The day before the quake , Seagate completed three days of emergency training and drills . 
But the new union leader makes no apologies for Pemex 's more outward-looking attitude . 
The official said he also would be comfortable with that new range . 
Maybe some of our talk-show hosts and anchors have already been taken over ? 
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said . 
Jaguar topped the most-active list , as its American depository receipts climbed 1 3\/4 to 13 5\/8 with more than 6.6 million ADRs traded . 
New Jersey , for example , was asked to accept $ 300,000 , but refused . 
The object is to capture profits from fleeting price discrepancies between the futures and options and the stocks themselves . 
But only after a fleet of 336 gargantuan earthmoving vehicles belonging to De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. , the world 's diamond kingpins , do their work . 
Italian car manufacturer Fiat said it is n't interested in partnership or industrial cooperation with Swedish auto and aerospace group Saab-Scania AB , which faces heavy losses in its car division . 
What it does n't say is that the entire `` campaign '' may be the fund-raising letter itself . 
In a statement , Mr. Merksamer described the filing as a `` legal technicality , '' but also said that `` our inability to obtain trade credit , combined with a need to ensure that our stores were properly stocked for the Christmas season , necessitated our filing Chapter 11 . '' 
Along with Donnelley , says Jacques Massicotte , an analyst with Nesbitt Thomson Deacon Inc. in Montreal , `` Quebecor has positioned itself as one of the two key players . '' 
The bank also said it expects to report a $ 1.42 billion loss for the third quarter and a loss for the full year . 
Meanwhile , orders are being routed through Kingsford Products unit in Louisville , Ky. , but computer problems mean they must be processed manually . 
The process will take as many as six months to complete , the company said . 
In a paper presented at the recent annual meeting of the National Association of Business Economists in San Francisco , Mr. Durkin comments that `` installment credit always grows rapidly in cyclical advances , and growth in this cycle is very typical of earlier experiences . '' 
The Vermont American acquisition is designed to enhance their position in the accessories portion of the power-tool industry . 
Jason Overseas Ltd. , initial offering of four million common shares , of which 3.2 million will be sold in the U.S. , and the balance outside the U.S. , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Mabon , Nugent & Co . 
Mr. Barnicle was hardly kinder to the renderings of colleagues Michael Madden ( `` appears to be a pervert '' ) , Will McDonough ( `` looks as if he drove for Abe Lincoln '' ) or Bella English , whose `` little girl now screams hysterically every time she sees a newspaper . '' 
Although the current management team may be outstanding , who will be the CEO in 10 years ? 
Though no formal trade barriers exist , the Japanese computer industry is difficult for outsiders to enter . 
If the battle continues much longer , many fast-food businesses will close or merge , predicts Vincent Morrissey , who owns a string of Kentucky Fried Chicken stores in the Midwest . 
Failure to win such a determination , however , would lead Comprehensive Care directors to `` consider various alternatives , '' Comprehensive Care said , without elaborating . 
The man went back and spoke to the desk clerk : `` That sign is wrong , '' he said . 
Israel 's army lifted a blockade around a Palestinian town in the occupied West Bank , ending a 42-day campaign of seizing cars , furniture and other goods to crush a tax boycott . 
It would bring 13 gas fields into production at a combined rate of about 1.2 billion cubic feet a day . 
Caltrans plans to add a second deck for buses and car pools above the median of a 2.5-mile stretch of the Harbor Freeway just south of Los Angeles , near the Memorial Coliseum . 
Amgen rose 2 1\/4 to 54 3\/4 on almost 800,000 shares , and CVB Financial jumped 4 to 41 on only 1,000 shares . 
He manned the UAL post yesterday with Christopher Bates , 33 , an energetic Long Islander who 's a dead ringer for actor Nicolas Cage . 
The announcement boosted the charter-shipping company 's shares , which closed at $ 15.125 , up $ 1.25 a share , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange . 
Odd Cars , Funny Names 
The emergency assistance would n't be counted against a state 's normal allocation of annual highway funds , and the bill circumvents existing restrictions that otherwise would prevent the use of federal aid to repair a toll road , such as the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge damaged in last week 's earthquake . 
Werner K. Rey believes fortunes are made by being friendly . 
I do n't know how much got through . 
The late buying was drawn into the London market , dealers added , after Wall Street showed signs of stability following its rocky opening . 
`` We 're trading with a very wary eye on Wall Street , '' said Trevor Woodland , chief corporate trader at Harris Trust & Savings Bank in New York . 
We are determined to get good prices . '' 
But the machines are n't on employees ' desks ; they ring the perimeter of the large office . 
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry . 
The sharp rise in OTC short interest compares with the 4.2 % decline in short interest on the New York Stock Exchange and the 3 % rise on the American Stock Exchange during the September-October period . 
In the final trading , the House was insistent on setting aside $ 500 million to carry out base closings ordered to begin in fiscal 1990 . 
None sustained `` significant '' damage , a spokesman said , adding that `` the delicate manufacturing process machines were checked and were all found to be operating normally . '' 
Mr. Gaskin formerly was president and chief executive of Taylor & Gaskin Inc. and was a director of Prab Robots since 1985 . 
Hanwa Co . ( Japan ) -- Two-part , $ 800 million issue of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 3\/8 % coupon at par . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
According to several ad-agency sources , newcomers to the Texas banking market are spending a combined $ 50 million this year to woo Texans . 
As evidence , he cites yesterday 's arrangement for the final financing of a $ 3 billion bid for American Medical International Inc. in which Chemical served as both the lead bank and an equity investor . 
In his affidavit filed yesterday , Warner 's Mr. Ross indicated he is n't buying any such argument : `` If Sony succeeds here , no written contract in Hollywood will be worth the paper it 's written on . 
The agency investigated the complaints but no violations were cited . 
International Business Machines Corp. agreed to acquire a 15 % stake in Paxus Corp. , an Australian computer-software and information-services concern , for 20 million Australian dollars ( US$ 17 million ) . 
Now the White House is declaring that he might not rely on Congress -- which has n't shown any willingness to surrender such authority -- to pass the line-item veto law he seeks . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Olin closed at $ 58.50 a share , down 25 cents . 
Relying on the preamble 's statement that a fetus is an unborn child , the two St. Louis County Circuit Court judges in August accepted the justification that the abortion clinic protesters were trying to save lives . 
Permission is far from automatic : The soviets have the legal right to turn down applications and impose conditions , and they appear to be exercising these powers . 
Today 's Turks in Bulgaria , in other words , deserve what is coming to them four centuries later . 
Since most of the unit 's real estate is in California , the pension fund will be a useful political ally in a state where development is often held hostage to zoning boards . 
It jumped 7.5 Monday . 
George Jennison , who trades bank stocks for Shearson Lehman Hutton , said the stocks tend to fall behind because they are n't traded as much as many other issues . 
Kean forces play down any differences with Mr. Courter , but this history makes it harder for the conservative to run against government . 
Callers will be sent educational booklets , and the call 's modest cost will be an immediate method of raising money . 
The Goodman is offering a modernized version of Moliere 's `` The Misanthrope '' through Nov. 4 . 
Individual Inc. , a new company in Brookline , Mass. , uses filtering technology developed by Cornell University computer scientist Gerard Salton , to automatically produce customized newsletters it sends electronically to subscribers by 8 a.m. the next day . 
Spiegel is 84%-controlled by the Otto family of West Germany . 
Poughkeepsie Savings Bank said a plan to sell its South Carolina branch offices to First Citizens Bank , of Columbia , S.C. , fell through . 
And ad agencies insist that they do . 
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks . 
But not because resources are going to their most efficient use , leaving scarce goods `` allocated to those buyers who place the highest value on them . '' 
The court is called the Management Appeals Committee , or just `` MAC , '' and it is likely to hear a couple of dozen cases a year . 
I walked along Shattuck between Delaware and Cedar at a few minutes before eight this morning . 
A slowing economy and its effect on corporate earnings is the foremost concern of many traders and analysts . 
Institutional investors have poured $ 210 billion into stock and bond indexing as a cheap and easy form of investment management that promises to post average market returns . 
The going rate for a small personal computer that costs about $ 2,000 in the West is anywhere from 50,000 to 100,000 rubles . 
They note that most of the new plants will come on line in 1992 , when the current import trade restraint program ends , which could result in more imports . 
But the proposals also display political savvy , couching some of the most controversial ideas in cautious language so as not to alienate powerful conservatives in the government who stand to lose out if they are implemented . 
In the period ended Sept. 30 , net income rose 90 % to 31.18 billion yen , or 9.34 yen a share , from 16.38 billion yen , or 5.05 yen a share . 
He said that his resignation was a mutual decision with Capital Holding management , but that he was n't actually asked to resign . 
Buried in the glossy hardbound catalog for the sale , however , appears the statement , `` Sotheby 's has an interest in the property in this catalog . '' 
One apparent side effect is a minor increase in a brain hormone . 
The junk bond prices of Western Union Corp. tumbled after the company said it wo n't proceed with an exchange offer to holders of its reset notes . 
`` But when prices were crazy , it was even harder to do an LBO . 
But if a raider takes over when the stock is weak , the shareholder never gets his recovery . 
But as much as $ 177 million , or nearly 30 % of the account , is marked for potential transfers to research , management and flight accounts that are spent out at a faster clip . 
Helionetics Inc. said it agreed to team with a unit of Minneapolis-based Honeywell Inc. to provide power amplifiers for a new military sonar system being proposed by Honeywell . 
`` The streamlined manufacturing process benefits our customers in at least two ways , '' Mr. Westendorf concludes . 
Roche also said it expects a `` considerable rise '' in 1989 group profit from the 641.5 million-franc ( $ 396 million ) net in 1988 . 
In an impromptu news conference on the Capitol steps , he denounced the senators ' action . 
For the past seven years , investors have had the wind at their backs , in the form of a generally growing economy . 
Ogilvy under the fastidious Mr. Roman gained a reputation as occasionally being high-handed in its treatment of clients , of preaching what strategy a client should -- indeed , must -- follow . 
Indeed , Fujitsu officials admitted they may have been a little overzealous . 
And most of us waited for a while for the game to start . 
All of the changes will reduce its overhead and streamline operations , Boeing said . 
In 1900 , for instance , less than 8 % of assets went into bank deposits . 
Insurers may see claims resulting from the San Francisco earthquake totaling nearly $ 1 billion -- far less than the claims they face from Hurricane Hugo -- but the recent spate of catastrophes should jolt property insurance rates in coming months . 
CBS Sports earned $ 50 million or so last year . 
At the time 71%-controlled by Oy Waertsilae , a conglomerate , the shipbuilding unit faced potential losses estimated at one billion markka and was on the brink of liquidation . 
Columbia officials said they do n't know how quickly they will dispose of the thrift 's junk bonds , because federal regulations , such as those that would allow thrifts to continue holding the bonds in separately capitalized subsidiaries , have n't yet been completed . 
Small crops are grown in Pakistan , France , Spain , Italy , Belgium and Brazil , but their quality ca n't compare to that of Indian psyllium . 
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever . 
Oil Spill Case Shows Liability Fund Flaws 
Journalists and their families are constantly threatened as are the newspaper distribution outlets . 
Amtech Systems Inc. , Tempe , Ariz. , said its preliminary year-end results of operations indicate `` substantial improvement '' over the previous fiscal year . 
`` Our customers watch us for the hidden message , '' he said . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner . 
`` The beautiful look of wool , '' croons the show 's narrator , `` slightly Victorian in its influence ... . '' 
Although it would be costly to shoot multiple versions , TV programmers could let audiences vote on different endings for a movie . 
But here in Morgenzon , a sleepy town amid the corn fields of the eastern Transvaal , the Orange Workers are holding the pillars steady . 
The Garcias were cleared of four other felony counts , involving the receipt of bribes and gratuities . 
Moreover , unlike Mr. Buffett , who often holds big stakes in companies for years , Mr. Steinhardt has n't in the past done much long-term investing . 
The profit gain was made despite a weakening in the housing market , for which the company is a supplier , and a strengthening in the dollar , which lowers the value of overseas earnings when they are translated into dollars . 
Prospect slipped 25 cents to $ 10.50 in national over-the-counter trading . 
As an alternative , he said , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index . 
Government lending was not intended to be a way to obfuscate spending figures , hide fraudulent activity , or provide large subsidies . 
-- Golden Nugget rose 2 to 28 1\/4 . 
Earlier this year , Dataproducts had rejected a $ 15 a share offer from DPC , saying it was n't adequately financed . 
So throughout the decade I have maintained my share of individual retirement accounts and CDs , and tinkered with stocks , bonds and mutual funds , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market . 
But trading was very sketchy , as investment decision makers remain wary from gyrations and upsets of recent weeks . 
But service on the line is expected to resume by noon today . 
But last week there were air-traffic negotiations between the U.K. and Japan , a likely first step to any commercial agreement between JAL and British Airways or another U.K. carrier . 
Mr. Savaiko said he sees a possibility of the December contract dropping to $ 1.05 a pound . 
This statement surely buttresses your editorial viewpoint that environmental protection is generally silly or excessive , but it is simply wrong . 
The whole structure is extremely shaky . 
As part of the transaction , J.C. Penney will sell a portion of its credit-card receivables to its JCP Receivables Inc. unit , which will then transfer them to a master trust . 
There are also indications that the number of magazine entrepreneurs , traditionally depended upon to break new ground with potentially risky start-ups , are dwindling . 
But before import growth slowed , China 's buying spree in the first half already had taken its toll on foreign-exchange reserves . 
Japanese Firms Push Posh Car Showrooms 
Further consolidations in the industry could follow . 
There was also a decline in the group 's net financial costs to 25 million francs from 50 million a year before . 
Signs of growing weakness in the economy , paired with indications that inflation is staying well under control , have caused them to wonder why the Fed chairman is so grudging in reducing rates . 
Michael Deaver , the former White House aide , has become the most recent addition to the teeming ranks of fallen politicians and officials earning their way as lobbyists and consultants here . 
It starts with conception , taking the sperm 's point of view , then progresses to the baby 's point of view . 
Proceeds from the bonds , with coupon rates in the 8 % range , will be used to replace bonds with an average interest rate of 13.1 % . 
ITT Financial is a subsidiary of ITT Corp . 
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks . 
The announcement follows several comments by government officials that the government will speed up the repeal of the tax , which was originally scheduled to fall with the start of the single internal market in the European Community at the end of 1992 . 
At least not when you are ascending . ) 
And with a labor shortage and intense competitive pressure to improve efficiency , more and more Japanese companies are concluding that they have no choice . 
Taxi , leasing and other companies that maintain fleets of vehicles devote substantial resources to complying with state insurance laws and a host of agencies . 
Before the takeover mania of the '80s , it referred to rooting out through analysis undervalued stocks , especially those with shrewd management , sound fundamentals and decent prospects . 
Rafael Carrion Jr. , chairman of Banco Popular , will be the chairman of the holding company . 
So here 's a rundown of the most common types of market orders permitted by the stock and commodity exchanges . 
In a case involving Avondale Industries Inc. and its insurer , Travelers Cos. , the Second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York ruled in favor of the company on two issues that lawyers say are central to dozens of pollution cases around the country . 
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall . 
`` Our attitude is that ( the ranking ) is like Miss America . 
Now , scholars in fulfilling their responsibility do not claim the right to invade every collection of papers that bears upon their topics of investigation . 
Treasury Securities 
Personnel spent the morning inspecting buildings for structural weaknesses , mopping up water from broken pipes and clearing ceiling tiles and other debris from factory floors . 
Great American Bank said its board approved the formation of a holding company enabling the savings bank to pursue nontraditional banking activities under a new federal law . 
On U.S.-Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed-up relationship going back into history ... . 
The inflation-growth argument is an old one , but Mr. Brady , on the board or off , is surely trying to influence Fed policy . 
Mr. Pilson says baseball and the Olympics may help CBS move up to No. 2 in the household ratings race , putting pizazz back into the network 's image . 
Abortion-rights advocates won last week 's battles , but the war over the nation 's most-contentious social question is about to pick up again on turf that favors those seeking to restrict abortions . 
`` The issues that are ( now ) being raised , in classic anti-intellectual fashion , fly in the face of a number of post-crash studies , '' said Fred Grauer , chairman of Wells Fargo Investment Advisers . 
Lawmakers have n't publicly raised the possibility of renewing military aid to the Contras , and President Bush parried the question at a news conference here Saturday , saying only that `` if there 's an all-out military offensive , that 's going to change the equation 180 degrees . '' 
Characteristically , he did n't waste much time getting started . 
Row 21 of Section 9 of the Upper Reserved at Candlestick Park is a lofty perch , only a few steps from the very top of the stands . 
A Japanese apple called the Fuji is cropping up in orchards the way Hondas did on U.S. roads . 
State law enforcers can barely keep up with charity scams , and reports from watchdog groups such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus are not encouraging . 
Another factor to consider : Some of the companies currently earning very high yields are doing so through substantial investment in junk bonds , and you know how nervous the market has been about those lately . 
International competition for the few Soviet goods that can be sold on world markets is heating up , however . 
Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher called the worsening trade figures `` disappointing after two very good months . '' 
First City said that because of increased competition in the credit-card business , it had decided it either had to expand its own holdings substantially or sell them . 
Operating profit in the company 's abrasives segment rose 16 % while operating profit in the engineering materials segment rose 2 % . 
Those routes , valued by the creditors ' professionals at about $ 400 million , were to be sold to AMR Corp. 's American Airlines . 
Economists and administrators sit along a `` boulevard '' with street lamps and ficus trees . 
`` { Wall Street } is beginning to realize -- as Shakespeare said -- the trouble is not in our stars , but in ourselves . '' 
James Wright , chief investment officer for Banc One Asset Management , says , `` We 've been selling a disproportionate share of cyclical companies and buying a disproportionate share of high earnings stocks . '' 
I find it troubling . '' 
Afterward , as the A 's toasted their victory with beer ( they dispensed with traditional champagne showers in deference to the quake victims ) , Stewart said he thought his championship-team ring would outshine his individual trophy . 
Under the type of transaction being discussed , the pilot-management group would borrow several billion dollars from banks that could then be used to finance a cash payment to current holders . 
More recently , Sotheby 's has predicted the collection will fetch $ 140 million . 
One of GE 's goals when it bought 80 % of Kidder in 1986 was to take advantage of `` syngeries '' between Kidder and General Electric Capital Corp. , GE 's corporate-finance unit , which has $ 42 billion in assets . 
The drop in earnings had been anticipated by most Wall Street analysts , but the results were reported after the market closed . 
Another described how tax-collection officials in Thanh Hoa province one night stormed through homes and confiscated rice from starving villagers . 
`` He has n't added anything , '' Mr. Levine said , predicting the board will again reject Mr. Green 's proposal . 
One senior executive at his firm spends nearly 20 % of his time on insurance , he says . 
Another major factor in this positive trend was Ronald Reagan 's decision early in his presidency to fight the budget war on the expenditure side rather than raising taxes . 
`` The industry has been waiting with bated breath for the machines to come along , '' says David Niles , president of Eleven Twenty Five Productions Inc. , a New York pioneer in high-definition programming . 
Shareholders of Central , a bank holding company based in Sterling , Ill. , will receive Amcore stock equal to 10 times Central 's 1989 earnings , Amcore said . 
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one-time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case . 
But along with such treasured artifacts as Lord Nelson 's spyglass , Lloyd 's also brought its outmoded ways of doing business . 
The disclosures state that commissions were paid by Bofors to an Indian agent of the arms company . 
But transportation officials worry that such extraordinary measures and cooperation may not last . 
The Fujitsu spokeswoman said headquarter officials did n't approve the bid in advance and will take measures so this kind of thing does n't happen in the future . 
As part of what a Recognition spokeswoman termed an `` amiable agreement , '' Prospect Group will wind up with control of top management posts and an increased stake in the maker of data management equipment . 
Time Warner declined comment . 
No one around me was saying anything . 
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies . 
The Japanese-managed plants eventually will have the capacity to build some 2.5 million vehicles in the U.S. and that will translate into `` market share that is going to have to come out of somebody , '' he added . 
Both Westwood Brick and Westwood Group are based in Boston . 
Another inflationary sign came in a surge in building-society lending to a record # 10.2 billion ( $ 16.22 billion ) last month , a much higher level than economists had predicted . 
Charlotte Carpenter Bainbridge Island , Wash . 
`` The division will be sold off quite rapidly , '' predicted Neill Junor , an analyst at London brokers County NatWest WoodMac . 
But it is n't just Washington 's relief dollars that are spread thin ; its relief manpower also is stretched . 
And , apparently , it is here to stay . 
`` The conventional wisdom used to be that you could n't modify the immune response of an infected individual '' by innoculating them with synthetic viral proteins , Dr. Redfield said . 
But the promotion is n't likely to alter a management style Mr. Andersson describes as `` being the driving force leading the troops , not managing by sitting back with a cigar waiting for people to bring me ideas . '' 
Shearson Lehman Hutton began its coverage of the company with favorable ratings . 
Carriers boosted rates more than 10 % in the North Atlantic between the U.S. and Europe last September , hoping to partly restore rates to earlier levels . 
The rivals currently are locked in a costly bidding contest for Hollywood film rights . 
`` You 'll never know 'til you try , '' says a black skier . 
This avoids knocking down prices further . 
And Robert D. Arnott , president of asset allocator First Quadrant , notes that before Friday 's tailspin , daily volatility on the New York Stock Exchange in recent weeks had reached `` historically low levels . '' 
After the split , the two companies presumably will be rivals for orders from government and commercial customers . 
All the concerns are based in Toronto . 
Earnings fell to $ 877 million , or $ 1.51 a share , somewhat below securities analysts ' revised expectations of around $ 1.60 a share . 
Within two days , he was on his way to New York and Tokyo to meet with top brass at Sony . 
At that price , CBS was the only player at the table when negotiations with the International Olympic Committee started in Toronto Aug. 23 . 
Again , no such statement appears on the tapes . 
The company has 14 plants and distribution facilities in the U.S. , Puerto Rico , other parts of the Caribbean and Ireland . 
The enormous inflation over the past 30 years was largely due to monetary policy . 
These days , `` Batibot '' is produced in a converted lumberyard on a shoestring budget of $ 3,000 a one-hour segment . 
In another sign of slowdown fears , investors dumped technology shares . 
That information , he argued , is critical to reconstructing sharp market moves , such as the one nearly two weeks ago . 
`` I always thought Pepperidge Farm was tasty and high quality , '' Mrs. Lombardi says . 
The increase was spread fairly evenly among all three types of funds . 
The average 30-day simple yield slid to 8.22 % from 8.26 % , and the average 30-day compound yield fell to 8.56 % from 8.60 % . 
His brother , Parkhaji , whose head is swathed in a gorgeous crimson turban , nods vigorous assent . 
Personal-computer maker AST Research Inc. said it is still studying the situation . 
Frank Gallagher , an analyst with Phoenix Capital Corp. in New York , estimates that the arbs paid an average of about $ 280 a share for their UAL positions . 
\* Principal amount 
Kemper , the biggest holder of senior SCI TV bonds , has refused to join the bond-holders committee and is said to be reviewing its legal options . 
Indeed , the stakes are high . 
Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms , and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage-grinder . 
New York 's Citibank , for instance , increased the yield on small-denomination three-month CDs to 8 % from 7.9 % . 
I.C.H. also named Steven B. Bing , 42 , senior vice president since 1986 , as president , succeeding John W. Gardiner , who will join the HMS Acquisition Corp. division of Hicks , Muse & Co. , which has agreed to buy most of I.C.H. 's Denver-based subsidiaries . 
It was a profoundly moving moment for series television , and Robert Loggia 's acting resonated in the silence . 
But they have been at odds over how much Mr. Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold . 
The group said it sold 455,410 Southmark common shares from Sept. 5 to Oct. 5 for 18.75 cents to 25 cents a share . 
Mr. Dozen is taking over the reins of a securities company that does very well in its domestic market but that is still seeking to realize its potential in global investment banking and securities dealing . 
Of course , neither President Bush nor the Congress has actually abandoned the Contras or SDI . 
So much of the stuff poured into its Austin , Texas , offices that its mail rooms there simply stopped delivering it . 
`` It shows that there are buyers of high-quality assets at high prices in today 's market , '' said Robert Long , managing director and head of the high-yield research department at First Boston Corp . 
The federation said Friday that it regrets the resignation , but issued a stinging response that called Exxon a `` corporate pariah '' that should keep an open dialogue with environmentalists . 
Excluding the gain , the company registered a modest 4.6 % increase for the quarter ended Sept. 29 to $ 113 million , or 87 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 107.9 million , or 84 cents a share . 
Further , GSX will buy $ 1 million of Enviropact common stock , at $ 2.625 a share , plus an option to acquire an additional $ 1.5 million of common at the same price , the company said . 
Mr. Markese cautions that investors should n't slavishly follow any specific price\/earnings sell trigger . 
By next year , all underwriters will be linked to a communications network that could reduce paper work on claims . 
The company said the sale would produce a $ 1.2 billion gain in the fourth quarter . 
`` The coin is their problem . '' 
`` Next year , earnings will hold steady , but we just do n't see a big turnaround in the trend in advertising . '' 
Mr. Corry expected the Texas Oil & Gas sale to delight Mr. Icahn by addressing his concern about boosting shareholder value . 
Congress sent to Bush a $ 2.85 billion emergency package to assist in the recovery from last week 's California earthquake and from Hurricane Hugo . 
A few years ago , the company voluntarily stopped selling `` The Big Ear , '' a powerful microphone . 
The European Community 's consumer price index rose a provisional 0.6 % in September from August and was up 5.3 % from September 1988 , according to Eurostat , the EC 's statistical agency . 
But because the University of California , like many other universities , shares its royalties with researchers , it may disqualify itself from federal funds under the proposed guidelines , Mr. Daly says . 
Revenue rose 11 % to $ 4.56 billion from $ 4.12 billion . 
The FCC took three specific actions regarding AT&T . 
We suggest that Mr. Fernandez find an incompetent principal , toss him out of the building and let the forces of the status quo explain to the parents whatever it is they 're defending . 
Ms. Atkins , whose Lloyd 's membership was a bonus from a former employer in 1981 , belongs to Mr. Nutting 's dissident group on the Outhwaite syndicate , which has been hard hit by asbestos reinsurance claims . 
The financial services company , which has about 98.8 million shares outstanding , noted its `` continued confidence in the ongoing strength of the operations . 
The board is n't proposing a slate of its own and the other four current directors do n't want to serve beyond the special meeting date , Newport said . 
Meanwhile , the Nasdaq 100 Index of the big non-financial stocks basically stood still , easing 0.12 , to 452.23 . 
But sales for U.S. franchisees were flat at best on a per-store basis despite weak 1988 figures . 
`` Everything has to be the same between countries , '' says Campo 's Stefan Campo , who is asking clients to sign protest petitions . 
Westinghouse 's own role as a supplier also is changing . 
It takes five steps to make standard pencils , just one for the plastic type . 
`` It 's either going to be a shootout , or there only may be one player in town , '' one person said . 
After a three-year nightmare of uncertain oil prices , draconian budget cuts and sweeping layoffs , fear is finally leaving the oil patch . 
At the 1988 GOP convention , abortion was barely discussed at all , though delegates were evenly divided on the question of an anti-abortion constitutional amendment . 
Guinness , which owns several leading whiskey brands plus Gordon 's gin , the world 's No. 1 gin , is considered less likely to bid for the Whitbread spirits . 
There are no easy choices in Cambodia , but we ca n't imagine that it benefits the U.S. to become the catalyst for an all-too-familiar process that could end in another round of horror in Cambodia . 
Daily living is the best possible investment ! 
There were two general reasons for the mistaken monetary policy of the past 30 years : 
For example , about 88 % of Journal readers owned stock ( down slightly from 91 % in a similar poll last year ) . 
The defendants were indicted two years ago on charges that they conspired to defraud five thrifts of more than $ 130 million through a complicated scheme to inflate the price of land and condominium construction along Interstate 30 , east of Dallas . 
After the earnings were announced , he raised his fiscal 1990 estimate to between $ 3.80 and $ 4 a share . 
Dr. Levy 's answer may come with a new kind of magnetic brain probe , a device that he and dozens of U.S. researchers are studying with great hope . 
Moreover , Suez had just finished winning an even larger battle last year for control of Societe Generale de Belgique . 
He resigned as an officer of Central Life to accept the Manhattan National presidency . 
La Jolla is the parent company of La Jolla Bank & Trust Co. , which has 12 branches in San Diego County . 
They can make the masks brittle and can pass through material they 're not supposed to . 
In addition , once money is raised , investors usually have no way of knowing how it is spent . 
As part of its College Savings Plan , Connecticut offered $ 100.4 million of general obligation capital appreciation bonds priced to yield to maturity from 6.25 % in 1994 to 6.90 % in 2006 , 2007 and 2009 . 
Loud rock music accompanies all the scene changes , even those in the convent . 
An FM receiver attached to a user 's personal computer receives the information . 
The state agency was particularly vexed to learn that the Rubens and a half-dozen other paintings listed among the bank 's `` furniture and fixtures , '' were actually hanging in the chairman 's house . 
The pilots have a strong financing tool in their willingness to cut their annual compensation by $ 200 million , and to commit $ 200 million from their retirement funds . 
His Levinson Institute in Belmont , Mass. , has seen in recent years a doubling in the number of executives and spouses at its weeklong counseling program . 
Combined PC and work-station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. . 
So far , investors have n't shown much appetite for Refcorp 's initial bond offering . 
But what happens next in the continuing takeover drama may depend more on the company 's two most powerful and fractious unions : the pilots and machinists . 
The company also said it privately placed stock and warrants in exchange for $ 750,000 . 
He did n't stop until he got to Jackson Hole , Wyo . 
Forest-products operations strengthened in the third quarter , while paper operations were dogged by higher costs , soft newsprint exports and a strong Japanese yen . 
Ammonium perchlorate is an oxidizer that is mixed with a propellant to make rocket fuel used in the space shuttle and military rockets . 
But after much tracking , it became evident to Mr. Stoll , through various clues , that the hacker was not on the Berkeley campus or even in California . 
It was all over the place . 
National Intergroup , which owns 50 % of the nation 's sixth largest steelmaker -- National Steel Corp. -- posted net income for the fiscal second-quarter of $ 8.6 million , or 33 cents a share , compared with a net loss of $ 50.3 million . 
Prosecutors in Southern Florida indicted five Panamanians on charges of illegally running arms to Sandinista rebels trying to overthrow the Nicaraguan government of Mr. Somoza . 
In its second quarter last year , Western Digital earned $ 12.7 million , or 44 cents a share , on sales of $ 258.4 million . 
What Mr. Major and Mrs. Thatcher will do now remains to be seen . 
Still , Steve Cohen , an analyst at SoundView Financial Group Inc. , said , `` I do n't see that this will be sufficient to give IBM a significant kick in the fourth quarter . '' 
The New York Court of Appeals ruling parallels a 1980 decision by the California Supreme Court requiring shared liability among manufacturers for injuries when it ca n't be determined which company is at fault . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks . 
Campeau 's financial situation is complicated by an estimated $ 1.23 billion in debt due next spring . 
Right now about a dozen laboratories , in the U.S. , Canada and Britain , are racing to unmask other suspected tumor-suppressing genes . 
Shearson was sued by money manager George Soros , who claimed one of his funds was defrauded out of $ 60 million during stock-index futures trading just after the 1987 crash . 
Wells Fargo & Co. of San Francisco posted a 17 % jump . 
It is . 
Another recent Hitachi suit accuses Motorola of reverse engineering a Hitachi technology -- a turnabout from a nation of champion reverse engineers . 
IN LOS ANGELES , more small businesses ponder adopting a child-care policy . 
Net sales of bond funds for the month totaled $ 1.1 billion , down two-thirds from $ 3.1 billion in August . 
Sales of Prozac , an anti-depressant , led drug-sales increases . 
The judge , suspended from his bench pending his trial , which began this week , vehemently denies all the allegations against him , calling them `` ludicrous '' and `` imaginative , political demagoguery . '' 
In a sharply written letter , Rep. David Obey , chairman of the House appropriations subcommittee for foreign operations , warned Mr. Bush that the result of his `` ultimatum '' could weaken efforts to accommodate the administration elsewhere . 
Yesterday 's sell-off and rebound was a powerful reminder that 11 days after the 190-point plunge on Friday the 13th , the stock market still has a bad case of nerves . 
Its symptoms include a cold sweat at the sound of debate , clammy hands in the face of congressional criticism , and fainting spells when someone writes the word `` controversy . '' 
Some in Hollywood suggest Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters took encouragement from Warner studio executives such as Mr. Semel and Mr. Canton too literally . 
Money-fund assets have been rising at an average rate of $ 1.6 billion a week in recent months , Ms. Negus said , reflecting the relatively high yields . 
The offering used at-market pricing . 
In order to show that all of its units had corrected billing problems and therefore should become eligible again for new contracts , prosecutors contend that `` high-level GE executives '' and company lawyers provided `` misleading statements '' to then-Air Force Secretary Verne Orr and other Pentagon officials during a series of meetings in 1985 . 
And if a user is busy , `` he can set it for crisis mode : ` Do n't bother me with reports until Monday . ' '' 
Under terms of the loan agreement , Amdura said it will omit the next quarterly dividends on its Series A , B , C and D preferred shares , which are due Nov. 15 . 
But in the `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' case the author found most of his material in court records or via the Freedom of Information Act . 
Aftereffects of the 1987 stock market crash head the list of reasons . 
He said that when scientists from the two countries meet again in January in New Orleans , the Japanese will present at least three more drugs for human testing . 
The White House said Ms. Hesse , a Chicago businesswoman who previously held posts at the Energy Department and FERC , is leaving to become a vice president of First Chicago Corp . 
For each $ 1,000 of notes , the maker of specialty metals , industrial fasteners and consumer products will pay $ 1,026.46 plus $ 8.68 of interest accrued from Dec. 1 . 
It is backed by Government National Mortgage Association 9 1\/2 % securities with a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 29 years and being offered at market prices . 
Quebecor still lags in the Quebec circulars market , while Mr. Peladeau 's former employees are expanding across Canada . 
Furthermore , the regulatory maneuvering behind First Interstate 's loss suggests regulators have concluded that lenders ' reserves are far too low to absorb their future Arizona losses and are forcing bankers to do something about it . 
The prime minister of Aruba has said it could cost around $ 100 million . 
A special section dealing with aviation rights states that landing rights for Hong Kong 's airlines , which include the smaller Hong Kong Dragon Airlines , will continue to be negotiated by Hong Kong 's government . 
Rep. Bates has publicly begged for forgiveness from voters and was re-elected with 60 % of the vote last November . 
Mr. Whitten 's package appears to accomplish this purpose , but the state faces more resistance in its bid for an extended waiver on having to put up any matching funds on repairs completed in the next six months . 
The lack of any new cash probably would still leave the banks dissatisfied . 
At best , she realizes , they will rise more slowly -- more slowly , she hopes , than her family 's income . 
Mr. Crary said testimony by Kodak 's patent counsel , Francis T. Carr of Kenyon & Kenyon , showed that `` he worked with Kodak continuously from the outset of the project '' in an effort to avoid infringement . 
U.S. gas buyers must also decide whether they want to enter firm contracts for Mackenzie delta gas or develop Alaskan reserves in the Prudhoe Bay area first , a project that has been on hold for more than a decade . 
`` The cost of health care is eroding standards of living and sapping industrial strength , '' complains Walter Maher , a Chrysler health-and-benefits specialist . 
John J. Crabb sold 4,500 shares for $ 11.13 each , leaving himself with a stake of 500 shares . 
Try as they might , the Communists could neither replace nor break him . 
We had intercepted during the year an estimated $ 5 billion street value of cocaine . 
Together , the two stocks wreaked havoc among takeover stock traders , and caused a 7.3 % drop in the Dow Jones Transportation Average , second in size only to the stock-market crash of Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's , based on the quality of the underlying auto loans and a letter of credit covering 13 % of the deal from Credit Suisse . 
Seeing new office buildings sprout up and its sales soar , Daikin is building another plant , which will lift its production capacity 50 % . 
Researchers at Plant Genetic Systems N.V. in Belgium said they have developed a genetic engineering technique for creating hybrid plants for a number of key crops . 
That rate would gradually decline to as little as 29 % for corporate assets held for 15 years . 
Sources said a `` complex and detailed '' announcement of a joint agreement between General Motors and Jaguar would be made by Jaguar `` some time in the next 2 1\/2 weeks . 
The funds should help ease a cash bind at HealthVest , which has been unable to pay its debts because Healthcare has n't made complete rent and mortgage payments since July . 
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems . 
Saab 's problems were underscored Friday when the company announced that its car division had a 1.2 billion kronor ( $ 186.1 million ) loss during the first eight months of this year , slightly worse than Saab-Scania had forecast in its first-half report last month . 
Ironically , many of the pilots involved have left Eastern or are still striking the carrier , which filed for bankruptcy protection March 9 . 
`` The contract is definitely important to the exchange , '' says Robert Gilmore , executive director of the Securities and Futures Commission . 
SHEARSON LEHMAN HUTTON Inc . 
Of the 450 survey respondents , 35 % said they expect to spend less buying Christmas gifts this year than last year , while 28 % said they expect to spend more and 37 % said their gift budget would stay the same . 
The adjustments reflect the increase in the consumer price index for urban wage earners and clerical workers from the third quarter of last year to the third quarter of this year . 
`` Wall Street thinks of everything in terms of money , '' says Tom Gallagher , a senior Oppenheimer & Co. trader . 
`` The rest will probably not be recoverable either because the statute of limitations expired or because many prefer to spend additional time in jail rather than return the money , '' the prosecutor said . 
In response , Mr. Peters says , Mr. Ross referred to his colleagues at Warner with an `` obscenity '' and said : `` Tell them that they do n't have a job . 
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it . 
Robert Schneider of Duff & Phelps sees paper-company stock prices falling 10 % to 15 % in 1990 , perhaps 25 % if there 's a recession . 
Hand-holding is becoming an investment-banking job requirement . 
National Intergroup in the year-ago third quarter earned $ 22.5 million , or 97 cents a share , including a gain of $ 18 million from the sale of a steel tube company . 
In a separate announcement , Trinova said the Aeroquip group has agreed to sell its spring-brake , piston-brake and related businesses to Midland Brake Inc. of Branford , Conn . 
The purchase price will be established after Banc One has an opportunity to study the quality of the assets , Banc One said . 
The charge for the Riley subsidiary is for expected costs to correct problems with certain bed boilers built for utilities . 
Health Care Property Investors Inc. , offering of 2,250,000 shares of common stock , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary pleaded guilty to two felony charges of conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion , and paid $ 500,000 in fines . 
`` Japan is perceived as a wealthy nation that can turn elsewhere in the world market and buy the sugar , '' the analyst said . 
` This employer embodies all that I find noble and admirable . 
It said it will take a $ 10 million fourth-quarter charge against discontinued operations , reflecting certain write-downs and the planned sale of a unit . 
The gain reflects fresh economic evidence that inflation is moderating while the economy slows . 
Also providing support to Treasurys was hope that the stock market might see declines because of the expiration of some stock-index futures and options on indexes and individual stocks . 
One airline executive , who declined to be identified , called the loss `` amazing . '' 
Indeed , there are legitimate hedging strategies used by managers of large portfolios such as pension funds that involve program trading as a means of protecting the assets of their pension beneficiaries . '' 
Terms on both deals were n't disclosed . 
But network access revenue dropped 4 % and toll revenue dropped 1.4 % . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.55 % three months ; 8.35 % six months . 
Fourth , the theory indicates why the Republican Party may have a difficult time attracting viable candidates for congressional office . 
Yesterday , the spokeswoman said sales of Delmed products through the exclusive arrangement with National Medical accounted for 87 % of Delmed 's 1988 sales of $ 21.1 million . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Increasingly , economists say the big deficit reflects the slipping competitive position of British industry . 
`` It liquefies in a patchwork quilt pattern . 
There has been no announcement of the Burger King arrangement by either party , possibly for fear that McDonald 's and other fast-food rivals would seize on it in scornful advertising . 
The official , John DeVillars , asked Clean Harbors for more information before ruling on a permit for the site . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
In Tokyo , the Nikkei index of 225 selected issues was up 132.00 points to 35549.44 . 
Ford 's need to acquire some or all of Jaguar became more acute last week when it abandoned a four-year effort to market its German-built Merkur Scorpio sedan as a European luxury import in the U.S. . 
And the study said federal courts should set firm trial dates early in the process . 
Revenue was $ 1.79 billion , up 18 % from $ 1.52 billion a year earlier . 
The federal response to California 's earthquake crisis was marred by coast-to-coast name-calling between the White House and San Francisco 's Mayor Art Agnos . 
Total value of the contract could be $ 100 million , Helionetics said , and work on the project would be about evenly divided . 
ABC Sports was looking for ways to lift deflated halftime ratings for `` Monday Night Football . '' 
But the panel dismissed the magazine 's contention that it had n't libeled Mrs. Sutcliffe when it accused her of trying to sell her story to capitalize on the notoriety of her husband . 
After 25 years in city politics , David Dinkins remains an enigma . 
Intel said that last week a customer discovered two flaws in its 80486 microprocessor chip 's `` floating-point unit '' , a set of circuits that do certain calculations . 
Factory workers on strike knocked Poland 's Communist bosses off balance last year ; this year , it was the farmers who brought them down . 
Creator Hugh Wilson , for example , included the lead character 's Greek family in the cast , `` but that is not the right focus anymore , '' said one CBS executive . 
But the costly efforts did little to slow Japanese market gains , and domestic car sales have plunged 19 % since the Big Three ended many of their programs Sept. 30 . 
`` I never agreed to it , '' Mr. Alexander says , adding that `` it 's not necessary to pay these nuisance settlements . '' 
The producer and marketer of low-sulfur coal said net income for the quarter was $ 5.9 million , or 71 cents a share , on revenue of $ 145.4 million . 
Col. North conveyed the request to his superiors and to Assistant Secretary of State Elliot Abrams , who relayed it to Secretary of State George Shultz . 
By 1988 , when only 10 genetic probe-based tests of diagnostic infectious diseases of humans had been approved for marketing by the Food and Drug Administration , eight of them had been developed and sold by Gen-Probe . 
Somewhere in between there must be a golden mean , perhaps measured by M-Whatever , but perhaps measured by purchasing power parity . 
A few months later , CBS 's college and pro football contracts come up for renewal ; they could go for close to $ 100 million more than CBS now pays , a 40 % to 50 % rise . 
The average cost for breakfast at a `` decent '' hotel restaurant in New York is $ 17.12 , according to Corporate Travel magazine . 
They make the argument in letters to the agency about rule changes proposed this past summer that , among other things , would exempt many middle-management executives from reporting trades in their own companies ' shares . 
Dun & Bradstreet dropped 3\/4 to 51 1\/8 on 1.9 million shares on uncertainty about the company 's earnings prospects . 
Comair Holdings Inc. said in Cincinnati that it bought Airline Aviation Academy , a pilot training school based at Sanford Regional Airport near Orlando , Fla . 
Chevron 
Although the majority of junk bonds outstanding show no signs of default , the market has downgraded many junk issues as if they were in trouble , says Stuart Reese , manager of Aetna Life & Casualty Insurance Co. 's $ 17 billion investment-grade public bond portfolio . 
Atlanta 
The most controversial form of program trading , stock-index arbitrage , is `` making it tough for traders to make money , '' declares Robert Antolini , head of OTC trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
Competing asset-allocation firms march to their own computer models , so some have been partly or fully invested in stocks this year while Renaissance has sat on the sidelines . 
Conasupo controls prices on agricultural goods and operates retail outlets where basic consumer items are sold at state-subsidized prices . 
Although Wang will report a loss for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 and the full fiscal year , Mr. Miller says he expects the company will return to profitability by the fourth quarter . 
Although Dr. Warshaw points out that stress and anxiety have their positive uses , `` stress perceived to be threatening implies a component of fear and anxiety that may contribute to burnout . '' 
At least one analyst noted that as production improves , the concern among traders is whether the prospective increased supply will find buyers because of uncertainty over national economies . 
The producers include Shell Canada Ltd. , a unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group ; Esso Resources Canada Ltd. , a unit of Imperial Oil Ltd. , which is 71%-owned by Exxon Corp. ; and Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. , a unit of Olympia & York Developments Ltd . 
He now calls himself an `` investment banker . '' 
The Justice Department has distributed these new guidelines for U.S. Attorneys prosecuting RICO cases . 
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally . 
That is the truth . '' 
Grimm counted 16 transactions valued at $ 1 billion or more in the latest period , twice as many as a year earlier . 
International investigators urged Britain to allow prosecution of suspected Nazi war criminals who took refuge there after 1945 . 
Together , the six government-controlled or essentially insolvent Arizona thrifts have tangible capital of a negative $ 1.5 billion , foreclosed property of $ 1.8 billion and pastdue loans of $ 1.63 billion . 
Now that is about to change , as Texas Instruments begins marketing two 14-pound laptop PCs with 20 megabyte and 40 megabyte hard drives . 
Ashland Oil Inc. said it will take after-tax charges of $ 78 million , or $ 1.40 a share , in its fiscal fourth quarter , ended Sept. 30 . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Knight Ridder closed at $ 51.50 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
It was the second anniversary of the 1987 crash , but this time it was different . 
But Mr. Guber figured that Warner Communications Inc. chairman Steven Ross , would empathize and let the producers go , knowing the Sony offer was `` the culmination of a life 's work . '' 
The survey also detected a bit more interest in golf , a positive sign for country clubs and golf club makers . 
So it 's entirely possible that `` Look Who 's Talking '' is n't as entertaining as it seems in comparison to the turgid other films opening now . 
Because brand loyalty is weak and most cosmetics purchases are unplanned , careful training of store sales staffs by cosmetics companies is important . 
They talked of the home run . 
Paribas is Allianz 's main French bank , and the Munich-based group said it intends to stay neutral . 
The IRS had demanded $ 90 million but Mr. Hunt would agree to no more than $ 60 million . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Esselte closed yesterday at $ 43.50 a share , up $ 1 . 
A victor in the fight for Jaguar may not emerge until after the expiration late next year of British government takeover restrictions . 
Separately , the bill gives authority to the Department of Housing and Urban Development to facilitate the refinancing of high-interest loans subsidized by the government under the so-called Section 235 home-ownership program for lower-income families . 
Insurance stocks were sold at the opening amid concerns about the level of damage claims the companies would receive as a result of the earthquake . 
On the other hand , Mr. Cheney retained all those new land forces . 
ONEIDA Ltd. declared a 10 % stock dividend , payable Dec. 15 to stock of record Nov. 17 . 
That would force the buy-out firm and the target company 's management to reduce their level of ownership . 
Nowhere have eyes been opened wider than at CBS News . 
Indeed , it looked more like a pawn , a `` tall pawn , '' as spectators snidely put it . 
Delivery of the first aircraft is set for early November , a second for December and two for April 1990 . 
But , he added , `` Since the late 1960s , the distribution of income has been slowly getting less equal . 
House Banking Committee Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) said Sen. Cranston volunteered to appear before the House committee , if necessary . 
But critics fret that post-1997 officials ultimately will be responsible to Beijing . 
Product delays , however , have left Dell buffeted by harsher competition in its bread-and-butter line of desktop computers , as powerhouse competitors Compaq Computer Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. price their PCs more aggressively . 
For the 10-month fiscal year ended Sept. 30 , Chairman Eli Broad said he expected earnings results to approximate analysts ' estimates , which the company said have been revised upward to 80 cents a share . 
Source : PaineWebber Inc . 
The naming of FCB\/Leber Katz Partners as agency of record for Nabisco Brands Inc. and Planters LifeSavers Co. follows RJR Nabisco 's announcement last week that it will disband its RJR Nabisco Broadcast division and dismiss its 14 employees Dec. 1. to cut costs . 
But the Supreme Court concluded that it was premature to rule on the constitutionality of the preamble because the definition of human life had n't yet been used to restrict abortion services . 
Printed in the U.S. and carrying the line `` The Insider 's Japan , '' Business Tokyo 's October cover story was `` The World 's No. 1 Customer '' -- Japanese women . 
In addition , further packaging of mortgage-backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to . 
Instead , a spokesman blames the dismal third-quarter showing on `` an environment that is being distorted by a very harsh climate for sales of durable goods , '' which account for roughly two-thirds of Sears 's annual merchandise volume . 
The guilty pleas would be made solely by Gulf Power , the individuals said . 
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands . 
THE SUPREME COURT ruling upholding Missouri 's restrictive abortion law was Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services . 
Many Atlantans thought Pittsburgh was an unworthy heir . 
erembal , the second-largest maker of food cans in France , had 1988 sales of $ 150 million . 
From here out , these investors see a return to old-fashioned investing , based on a company 's ability to show profit growth . 
But that signal on full-year profit casts doubt on whether Dow will improve on its year-ago fourth-quarter net of $ 3.44 a share , or $ 635 million . 
Dun & Bradstreet said operating earnings rose 8 % , excluding the sale of Official Airline Guides . 
Many are refugees , having fled China 's unending cycles of political repression and poverty since the Communist Party took power in 1949 . 
A person who is born with one defective copy of a suppressor gene , or in whom one copy is damaged early in life , is especially prone to cancer because he need only lose the other copy for a cancer to develop . 
Mr. Marcus believes spot steel prices will continue to fall through early 1990 and then reverse themselves . 
`` But we 'd rather put funds into our own business rather than someone else 's . 
One old building , the Golden State Bank Building on Front Street , had its yellow brick facade sheared off by the shock of the quake , leaving a wedge of its third floor open to the air , while piles of dusty bricks tumbled to the street below narrowly missing rush-hour pedestrians and cars . 
`` It should read , `` Have You Anything Left ? '' 
Instead , he should listen to see how that criticism can be used constructively to advance his objective of carrying out a set of tasks through the efforts of his subordinates . 
`` In the near future , it will be a big market , not just for waterworks , but for all mapping systems , '' the Fujitsu spokeswoman said . 
Moreover , an aide to Mr. Brown said Gov. Deukmejian `` has expressed a desire not to spend all the reserve on this . '' 
In contrast to previous estimates reckoning the default rate on junk bonds at 2 % or 3 % , a Harvard study published in April of this year ( and discussed in a lead story in The Wall Street Journal for Sept. 18 ) found the default rate on these junk bonds is 34 % . 
S.G. Warburg , also mentioned in the rumor mill , jumped 14 at to 414 . 
The Oneida , N.Y. , maker of consumer , food-service and industrial products also declared a quarterly cash dividend of 12 cents a share , with the same payable and record dates . 
When the market stabilized , he added , the firm sold the bonds and quickly paid the loans back . 
And KKR 's majority partner in SCI TV 's buy-out , Nashville , Tenn. , entrepreneur George Gillett , also is said to be very unhappy . 
`` Trying to time the economy is a mistake , '' says David Katz , chief investment officer of Value Matrix Management Inc. in New York . 
Mr. Boren is confusing consensus on general principles with agreement on specific actions . 
The Weston , Mass. , utilities and marine-transport concern said results for the third quarter , usually a money-losing one because of the seasonality of the gas business , were also aided by higher gas sales and the May 1989 acquisition of Water Products Company . 
Leading EC growth forecasts in 1989 was Ireland , seen growing 5 % at constant prices . 
B.A.T has been London 's best-performing blue chip over the past six months , up 40 % against a 4 % rise in the Financial Times 100-Share Index . 
The average interest rate fell to 8.292 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.483 % at last week 's sale . 
The European Community Commission has imposed provisional anti-dumping duties on imports of South Korean small-screen color-television sets . 
Long tax-exempt dollar bonds were mostly flat to 3\/8 point lower after a whipsaw session of moving inversely to stocks in modest dealer-led trading . 
A former Sperry Corp. marketing executive , admitting his role in the Pentagon procurement scandal , pleaded guilty to bribery and conspiracy charges for helping funnel $ 400,000 to a midlevel Navy acquisition official during the early 1980s . 
`` It 's a good indication that level of profitability has peaked for the industry , '' says Vahid Fathi , metals analyst with Prescott , Ball & Turben Inc. , who had estimated Reynolds would earn about $ 2.35 a share . 
Sun said some of the growth reflects higher earnings in the oil sands operation of Suncor , a majority-owned Canadian subsidiary . 
`` Frankly , as I was walking back to get in my car , I heard many , many people ... opening champagne bottles and celebrating individual victories that some of us had accomplished in getting our little deal in the tax bill and winking at this person for slipping this in , '' he said . 
The Fleet Street reaction was captured in the Guardian headline , `` Departure Reveals Thatcher Poison . '' 
The buy-out fell through after Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , the lead banks in the transaction , failed to obtain $ 7.2 billion in financing needed for the plan . 
Chevrolet already is offering an $ 800 rebate on the 1990-model Corsica . 
Ford Motor Co. slated overtime again this week at its Wixom , Mich. ; Wayne , Mich. ; Kansas City , Mo. , and Norfolk , Va. , assembly plants . 
The amendment , offered by Rep. Douglas Bosco ( D. , Calif. ) , was approved 283-132 during debate on a bill designed to strengthen the Transportation Department 's authority in dealing with leveraged buy-outs of airlines . 
The failure to obtain financing does n't by itself constitute a breach . 
The company also reassigned several executive responsibilities . 
But most of those stocks fared well . 
Officials hinted , however , that SAS would take a stake of at least 6 % in Finnair , valued at about $ 40 million at current market prices . 
Interest expense in the 1988 third quarter was $ 75.3 million . 
The U.S. did manage to supply the Dutch with oil by relabeling supplies ; once oil is shipped , no one can tell its source . 
`` A woman ought to have a choice in cases where her life or health are in danger and in cases of rape or incest , '' she proclaims . 
More than 1,000 Muscovites attended the service . 
Despite Mr. Sumita 's statements , it is the Finance Ministry , not the central bank , that makes policy decisions . 
The Palo Alto , Calif. , computer maker scrambled to set up a special phone line to tell manufacturing and support staff to stay home Wednesday . 
The balance of the company 's assets and liabilities would be transferred to a new company that would be owned by Sharon 's creditors . 
`` Let this building be Steppenwolf 's legacy to Chicago theater . '' 
Under prodding from Judge Abramson , a Minpeco executive flew in from Peru last week to talk directly with executives from Manufacturers Hanover on a settlement . 
David B. Hilder in New York contributed to this article . 
In other words , it was a better-than-average Manhattan commute . 
In 1987 , however , the news was the latest in a string of disappointments on trade , while the current report comes after a period of improvement . 
`` That and adjustment to the new law were the biggest factors in the industry . '' 
But while IRS computers focus routinely on target groups like these , the agency has assigned many agents to special projects that need more personal attention . 
Some jobs already have been moved to Australia , and there are plans to place others in Canada . 
`` Portrayal of our members as disloyal to each other is totally contrary to the most important values of our organization -- loyalty and trust . '' 
`` I felt kind of safe , '' she says . 
First , economists James Bennett and Thomas DiLorenzo find that GOP senators turn back roughly 10 % more of their allocated personal staff budgets than Democrats do . 
As onlookers stand behind barricades , helmeted firemen and building inspectors survey rows of nearby buildings that were twisted from their foundations and seem on the verge of collapse . 
Merksamer was the first in a series of retail acquisitions made by L.J. Hooker . 
A Series that was shaping up as the dullest since the one-sided Detroit-over-San Diego go of 1984 has become memorable in the least fortunate way . 
Short-term rates were unchanged to slightly lower . 
Says M.J. Pherwani , chairman of the Unit Trust of India : The `` markets are headed for growth unheard of and unseen before . '' 
But Ford clearly views Jaguar as a prize worth fighting for , since the company 's gilded brand image would give Ford a badly needed leg up in the high end of the luxury markets in both Europe and the U.S. . 
The majority of the bikes never even make it into the high country . 
He puts the OTC market 's Nellcor , Office Club and BizMart on the list . 
Provigo 's profit record over the past two years tarnished the company 's and Mr. Lortie 's reputations . 
`` The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , '' said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer . 
Also , it has not yet been decided exactly how much of the mortgage AEW will be able to convert into equity . 
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high-tech items in New York and West Germany . 
`` The parent company is diversifying into other industries around the world , '' said president Meyer Blinder in explaining the name change . 
At Polaroid , the Personnel Policy Planning Committee may hear only about 20 cases a year ; the rest of the many hundreds of complaints are resolved at earlier stages . 
After only 11 moves for each side , the computer 's position was shaky . 
A rule forbidding staffers to own competitors ' cars has been lifted , and now many designers drive foreign cars to get useful ideas . 
Each 1,000 mark and 10,000 mark bond is convertible from Nov. 27 , 1989 , to March 21 , 1995 , at a price to be determined when terms are fixed Oct. 25 . 
Although many of the transactions related to those securities have n't been completed , Columbia said the ultimate gain on the sale of those assets will range from $ 200 million to $ 300 million . 
Liberals are the faction that says , Give peace a chance ; now they are saying Mr. Ortega should give them a break , lest the conservatives ask them to vote for bullets instead of bandages . 
Japanese electronic giants , such as Sony Corp. and Hitachi Ltd. , have focused almost entirely on HDTV hardware , and virtually ignored software or programs shot in high-definition . 
A resistance government would walk into Kabul . 
Other favorites of growth-stock analysts and money managers also had a mixed session . 
`` The biggest problem we have is that investors realize , after the fact , that they did n't understand what they were investing in . '' 
Still , there is money to be made . 
Other stocks were affected by corporate earnings . 
Two weeks ago , in a campaign to blunt inflation at home and arrest a world-wide plunge in the pound , he raised base rates a full percentage point to 15 % . 
Parts 1 , 2 , and 5 come from the soundtrack of Errol Morris 's acclaimed film , `` The Thin Blue Line , '' and the two other parts from incidental music to two separate dramatizations of the Kafka story of the same name . 
McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. must extend its offer for LIN Broadcasting Corp. because it has `` not yet announced committed financing sufficient to complete '' the bid , LIN said in New York . 
That 's because the budget deficit feeds an enormous appetite in this country for both foreign goods and foreign capital , overwhelming the nation 's capacity to export . 
It 's an unrealistic expectation . 
The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet , but sales of the cars are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34.2 % early this month . 
The government 's 7 % issue due October 1999 fell 0.05 point to 99.90 to yield 7.01 % . 
`` People are very concerned about who is going to step up to the plate and buy municipal bonds in the absence of institutional buyers . '' 
The pool invested idle cash for many state agencies and local governments . 
While Asian markets struggled to cope with the uncertainty caused by the Oct. 13 plunge in New York stock prices , futures trading in Hong Kong was relatively heavy and went smoothly . 
If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top-flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . 
The dollar was virtually unchanged . 
Mr. Ngoc , 57 years old , had solid reformist credentials : He had lost his official position in the association in he early 1980s because he questioned the intrusion of politics into literature . 
They said they expect the bearish mood to persist a while longer , as trading volume is falling toward the end of the year and the market is becoming more volatile . 
Growth stocks will return to favor , some analysts and money managers think , because of the jitters caused by the market 's steep slide on Oct. 13 , and because of the current swell of disappointing earnings announcements . 
Jerome J. Jahn , executive vice president and chief financial officer , said Mr. Rubendall was resigning by `` mutual agreement '' with the board . 
NEW JERSEY MERGER : 
But the basic technology in the line is almost five years old , which means it is long in the tooth , and competitors are rolling out strong products of their own . 
Eastman Kodak Co. of Rochester , N.Y. , said its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups , one for household products such as cleaners and disinfectants and the other for do-it-yourself products such as wood finishes and stains . 
For starters , some people call Ed and Lorraine Warren . 
Dan J. Hartwell , 41 , executive vice president of Bank One , Dover , was named president and chief executive of the Dover bank , succeeding Mr. Pissocra . 
LONG-TERM care insurance gains favor . 
They do n't even want to talk to you . 
Then suddenly Ike 's ghost came to visit and said , `` What the hell are you doing planning for a land war in Asia 12,000 miles away ? 
Britain 's Prime Minister Thatcher told a Commonwealth summit in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , that sanctions against South Africa were `` utterly irresponsible , '' officials said . 
Analysts and consultants had mixed reactions to yesterday 's announcements , praising Mr. Rifenburgh 's efforts but questioning whether the company can survive in a highly competitive marketplace . 
I would like to issue a challenge to corporate America . 
Rally 's Inc. said it filed suit in U.S. District Court in Delaware against a group led by Burt Sugarman , seeking to block the investors from buying more shares . 
Mr. John becomes the latest of many music stars , including George Michael and Whitney Houston , to appear in ads for the diet drink . 
INTEREST-RATE PLAYER : 
New Jersey 's own highest court remains a liberal bulwark against major restrictions on abortion , but the U.S. Supreme Court ruling , Webster vs. Missouri , has engaged voters across the nation who had been insulated from the issue . 
In May , the government unveiled new foreign investment regulations that create special trusts allowing foreigners , long limited to a 40 % stake in secondary petrochemical companies , to own up to 100 % . 
One of the seven reports presented here of excess heat production was given by Richard A. Oriani , professor of chemical engineering at the University of Minnesota . 
But he said they are `` to a large degree , housekeeping , '' although some may generate some disagreement . 
And prosecutors declined to comment . 
Aussedat Rey is a leading French maker of copying and electronic printing paper . 
Mr. Genova said the committee may meet to propose solutions to the problems identified in the study . 
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued . 
The reason is simple : Education takes place in the classroom , where the influence of money is minimal . 
Noting that other defense contractors are complaining of losses on such contracts , analysts say taxpayers have been getting illusionary bargains on weapons systems in recent years . 
Nevertheless , the administration 's criticisms appeared to have made some headway with Sens. Boren and Cohen after their Oct. 12 meeting with the president . 
Bally bought the former MGM Grand hotel-casino from Kirk Kerkorian four years ago . 
The simplest , most traditional form of permanent insurance is the straight whole life policy . 
The study surveyed a national group of medical directors , personnel managers and employee assistance program directors about their perceptions of these problems in their companies . 
Sansui Electric agreed to sell a 51 % stake to Polly Peck of Britain for $ 110 million . 
This contrasts with the year-ago quarter , when the company had net income of $ 11.7 million , or 45 cents a share , on revenue of $ 75.7 million . 
TW Services Inc. posted a $ 3.3 million third-quarter net loss , compared with a $ 24.9 million profit , reflecting $ 60 million of expenses related to its much-publicized proposed takeover by Coniston Partners . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) . 9.80 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Thanks to a new air-traffic agreement and the ability of Irish travel agents to issue Aeroflot tickets , tourists here are taking advantage of Aeroflot 's reasonable prices to board flights in Shannon for holidays in Havana , Kingston and Mexico City . 
`` You people here think this is Russian music , '' she said with disdain , and called over to the waitress : `` Could you turn it off ? '' 
Manville said the shares issued to the trust were intended to be sold , as needed , and that Manville has the right of first refusal to buy those shares . 
But in general , all foreign-trading companies are feeling the pinch . 
Bowing to criticism , Bear Stearns , Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer joined PaineWebber in suspending stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts . 
The three establishments -- two in Warsaw and one in Krakow -- accept only foreign currency and are joint ventures between Polish firms and Western companies . 
Some abortion advocates have been asking themselves this very question . 
Dollar : 142.85 yen , up 0.95 ; 1.8415 marks , up 0.0075 . 
Wall Street would like UAL Corp. 's board to change its mind about keeping the company independent . 
In 1986 , India signed a $ 1.4 billion contract with AB Bofors , a unit of Nobel Industries Sweden AB , to purchase 400 artillery pieces . 
The spot dislocations that showed up were largely the result of confusion ( much of it in Washington ) , though that was cold comfort for drivers waiting in mile-long lines at the gas pumps . 
Domestic lending for real estate and property development was the source of Bank Bumiputra Malaysia Bhd. 's most recent spate of financial troubles , the institution 's executive chairman , Mohamed Basir Ismail , said . 
Sales dropped 4 % to $ 1.12 billion from $ 1.17 billion . 
Such sales are watched closely by platinum and palladium traders because both metals are used in automobile catalytic converters . 
Spaced Out 
Observers said the market again failed to find a trading focus , discouraging much participation by investors . 
Even if he were to change his stripes and become another Milton Friedman , however , he would still stand a good chance of losing a country . 
It will be financed by advertisements from U.S. companies and by simultaneous publication of an English-language journal containing details of Soviet medical advancements . 
The two banks appear to be a good fit . 
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management . 
This has n't been Kellogg Co. 's year . 
A major factor in the third-quarter loss was the write-down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . 
The hotels and management interests will be sold at an auction , said John Rothman , president and chief executive officer of the trust and a director of the corporation . 
Under the terms of the accord , Ingersoll will pay about $ 255 million for the Register , a daily that Goodson bought for about $ 170 million in 1986 . 
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino-U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 . 
Sen. Cranston , as he returned to the capital last week from a one-day trip to inspect earthquake damage in San Francisco , sighed to an aide : `` Well , back to Keatingland . 
As Jaguar 's biggest holder and Britain 's biggest car maker , Ford could turn up the heat by convening a special shareholders ' meeting and urging holders to drop the limits early . 
`` This week was uneventful for the CD market , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote . 
Under a less-sweeping Senate plan , the catastrophic-care monthly premium would continue , rising to $ 4.90 next year , but the surtax would be abolished . 
And IBM worries that the Japanese will take over that equipment market , too , unless U.S. semiconductor companies produce enough memory chips here to keep U.S. equipment makers healthy . 
It is n't ... . 
It is a competence and expertise that some brokers themselves , overwhelmed by all the new things being dreamed up for them to peddle , do n't feel . 
Tough talk from trade union officials at the conference of the powerful IG Metall metals worker union in West Berlin raised the specter of nationwide strikes next spring , they said . 
However , companies with few catastrophe losses this year and already big buyers of reinsurance are likely to see their rates remain flat , or perhaps even decline slightly . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.04 % two months ; 8.03 % three months ; 7.96 % six months ; 7.92 % one year . 
Oh , that terrible Mr. Ortega . 
The spokesman noted four-hour to five-hour traffic delays on the San Mateo bridge , for example . 
`` If you want to be a player , you have to be in America , Europe and the Far East . 
But while pumping more money into the economy would bring relief to many industries , it also runs the risk of triggering another period of runaway growth and steep inflation . 
Since Mr. Shevardnadze did not address this topic before the Supreme Soviet , the Soviet Union 's official position remains that the anthrax deaths were caused by tainted meat . 
`` Putting it all together , we have a negative scenario that does n't look like it will improve overnight , '' he said . 
AN UNRESOLVED two-year-old dispute stemming from an Alaskan oil spill has helped spur a drive for tougher federal laws to protect victims of such accidents . 
`` Convenience store merchandise has not kept pace with current trends in consumer preferences , '' he said in a speech at the company 's annual shareholders meeting . 
Margins in the fiscal fourth quarter perked up , rising to 51 % from 49.2 % a year earlier . 
Managers in all three companies recognize speed as a component of quality and a key to customer satisfaction . 
It already has allowed the closely watched federal funds rate to decline 1\/4 percentage point to about 8 3\/4 % from its previous target level of about 9 % . 
The package is more than $ 1 billion above the recommendations of Budget Director Richard Darman this week . 
But there were fewer price swings than expected . 
Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank & Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland , the bank said . 
Both hope to encourage pressure for change in East bloc countries still ruled by Stalinist holdouts by arranging liberal financial aid and trade benefits for Poland , Hungary and , to a lesser extent , the Soviet Union . 
Mr. Hixson , who resigned effective Jan. 1 for health reasons , remains a director . 
Defense experts say joint projects are increasingly squeezed by budget pressures and the desire to save domestic jobs ; some also fear rising protectionism as European unity nears . 
In the past , associates learned the basics from senior lawyers who acted as mentors . 
Net was $ 139 million , or 98 cents a share , for the quarter , compared with $ 213 million , or $ 1.56 a share , a year ago . 
And transfer control of much of it to Capitol Hill . 
The group has forecast 1989 revenue of 56.9 billion francs . 
As a result , the company has suspended its quarterly dividend . 
`` The competition is so intense that an owner 's loyalty to a dealership or a car is virtually nonexistent , '' says Mr. Negas , vice president of Ed Voyles Oldsmobile , one of the first dealerships to locate on the strip . 
To raise more highway funds , a measure to double the state 's nine-cent a gallon tax over five years is set to appear on the state 's June election ballot . 
In making Malcolm and Nora such wonderfully representative specimens of their class and generation , Ms. Zeidner has somewhat neglected the task of making them distinctively individual characters . 
Meanwhile , the big players have n't tried to copy the NEC standard . 
Westridge Capital 's frenetic trading reflects the changes sweeping through the previously sleepy world of indexing . 
One office had 19 people doing the work of three , `` and half of the employees had company automobiles . '' 
The appeals involved DES , which was approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use from the 1940s until 1971 to prevent miscarriages during pregnancy . 
In another , she requisitioned topiary MX missile cones -- costing $ 10,000 each -- in heights up to 20 feet . 
Until last week , Mr. Dinkins was considered a shoo-in . 
On Friday , they also persuaded the UAL flight attendants to join them . 
His campaign hierarchy is chosen from elsewhere in the state , and faced with criticism of a sweetheart bank investment , he has so far blunted the issue by donating the bulk of his profits to his alma mater , Trenton State College . 
Late in London , the dollar was quoted at 1.8410 West German marks and 142.70 Japanese yen , up from late Monday in New York . 
Declining issues swamped advancers , 1,222 to 382 . 
After reportedly investing $ 100 million in the business , Discovision ceased manufacturing operations in 1982 and sold many of its assets to Tokyo-based Pioneer , among others . 
The older generation has been torn between a fear of tampering with the status quo and a fear of what might happen if they did n't . 
John E. Hayes Jr. was elected chairman , president and chief executive officer , succeeding David S. Black , who retired . 
The order against assassinations is another artifact of the same congressional mind-set , a product of the 1970s Vietnam syndrome against any executive action . 
Right now , the largest loan the FHA can insure in high-cost housing markets is $ 101,250 . 
But the appropriations set in motion spending that adds to an already grim budget picture for fiscal 1991 . 
Roger M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman . 
The London-based concern will sell most of its ad unit to France 's Eurocom . 
The proposal now enters a 60-day comment period , after which the Treasury will propose final regulations , followed by another comment period . 
`` This is beautiful stuff , '' he says , looking ruefully at big boxes of just-picked Red Delicious next to his barn . 
People have been very respectful of each other . 
In a declining London stock market yesterday , Jaguar shares were down four pence from Monday in late trading , at 694 pence ( $ 11.11 ) a share . 
The Educational Network , as Mr. Whittle has named the three programs , has been offered to 1,290 school districts and Whittle continues to negotiate with 919 districts . 
This summer , the industry introduced a `` kids fly free '' program , in which children were allowed to fly free if they were traveling with an adult . 
They include Enron Corp. , Texas Eastern Corp. , Pacific Interstate Transmission Co. and Tennessee Gas Pipeline Co . 
Even the beloved Dallas Cowboys were bought by an Arkansas oil man . 
One has to establish one 's own identity away from athletics and make athletics only a part , not a whole , of the student-athlete 's life '' . 
Mr. Semel , in his affidavit , does n't mention any hugging or congratulating . 
Money is n't the only thing that makes her dump once favorite brands . 
The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... . 
It created special 20-year trusts to allow foreigners 100 % ownership in some once-closed industries . 
The crash in October 1987 and last Friday 's sell-off painfully taught some investors exactly what stop orders will and wo n't do . 
While the visit was unrelated to Jaguar , GM Chairman Roger Smith answered the legislators ' questions about it over lunch Tuesday . 
Richard Grasso , Big Board president , last week said only that the exchange is concerned about all its constituents . 
A companion jetty that helps hold back the sea looks like a rusting junkyard . 
If excess capacity develops , they say , not everyone will suffer . 
The workers install , maintain and repair its private branch exchanges , which are large intracompany telephone networks . 
The company 's turnaround is far from complete ; many crucial tests are just beginning . 
Before adjustment for inflation , the association said , orders were up a nominal 5 % . 
Municipals 
If E.E. `` Buzzy '' Geduld is right , a seatbelt may come in handy during the next few sessions . 
Kellogg , which has n't been as successful in capitalizing on the public 's health-oriented desire for oat bran as rival General Mills Inc. , has been losing share in the $ 6 billion ready-to-eat cereal market . 
The computers use the company 's own microprocessor called Sparc , Sun said . 
Earlier this month the company said its board approved a proposed management-led leveraged buy-out at $ 25.50 a share , or $ 750 million . 
Some victims also were treated at the Letterman Army Medical Center in San Francisco and at the Naval Hospital in Oakland . 
Then I noticed the overhead light was swaying on its cord and realized what had happened . 
Details of the commercial , which will be part of the brand 's 1990 advertising campaign , were n't disclosed . 
Mr. McElroy , 54 years old , will remain president and chief executive officer of the unit . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered its rating on about $ 400 million of this bank holding company 's senior debt to B2 from Ba3 . 
Mr. Allday would succeed Martha Hesse , who is resigning . 
The one exception to this recent trend was the defeat of 13 of the 52 freshman Republicans brought into office in 1980 by the Reagan revolution and running for re-election in 1982 . 
Among the suggestions : Pantyhose and men 's ties could be used for slings , while removable wooden shelves might aid in `` breaking through office walls . '' 
But if the A 's had n't won in four , they would have prevailed in five , or six , or seven . 
`` It 's certainly discrimination , '' says attorney Evan Wolfson , whose group forced Trans World Airlines this year to change a rule that allowed travelers to transfer frequent flier awards only to family members . 
Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers , reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter , citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar . 
Lee Co. , the jeans maker , celebrates its 100th anniversary with a hardcover yearbook featuring photos of its 10,000 employees . 
`` I 'd love to see sports cut back , and so would a lot of my counterparts at other schools , but everybody 's afraid to make the first move , '' he confided . 
Mr. Bush is reserving the right in `` rare '' instances to keep Congress in the dark , asserting a constitutional prerogative the committee does n't recognize . 
The focus of the outcry has been stock-index arbitrage , which accounts for about half the program trading that goes on . 
The merger agreement says the buy-out group is entitled to be repaid $ 26.7 million in fees for its investment bankers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Salomon Brothers Inc. , and its law firm , Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
The spokesman refused to comment on speculation that Industrial Equity might use its interest as a platform to launch a hostile bid for the company . 
`` There will be a continuation and possibly greater focus on conservative equity funds , at the expense of growth and aggressive growth funds , '' says Avi Nachmany , an analyst at Strategic Insight , a New York fund-research concern . 
And they are quietly linking up with U.S. publishing trade groups . 
If a client needs prejudiced jurors , the firm will help find them . 
Late last week federal regulators ordered the thrift institution to stop paying dividends on its preferred stock -- a move that suggests deep concern about an institution . 
Some financial sources said privately that Paribas blundered in failing to move sooner for the insurance and industrial group , bidding only after speculation had pushed up the price . 
Judge Weinstein also ruled that judges must consider prior to extradition whether the defendant will be treated fairly in a foreign court . 
Time Warner 's operating earnings got a boost from Warner 's record box-office results . 
\*\* Includes $ 9 million write-down of assets and takeover defense costs . 
It said the industry 's domestic traffic was flat in the third quarter ; analysts say this was because hefty fare increases earlier in the year scared off many leisure travelers this summer . 
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment . 
Most people said they exercise both for health and enjoyment . 
Explosions shook a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas , hurling debris and causing a fire visible from 10 miles away . 
Some observers thought that after Friday 's sharp drop , the firms would rein in their program traders to avoid stoking more controversy . 
This may have been true 10 years ago , but times have changed , even in Utah . 
Miyoshi Oil & Fat Co . ( Japan ) -- 120 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due Dec. 31 , 1993 , with a fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
This does n't necessarily mean larger firms have an advantage ; Mr. Pearce said GM works with a number of smaller firms it regards highly . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Sears shares closed at $ 40.50 , up 87.5 cents . 
But the move lagged a stronger rise in New York Stock Exchange issues . 
`` Our very disappointing third-quarter results and the discouraging outlook for the fourth quarter underscore the importance of an adequate capital base , '' he said . 
The Machinists rejected a proposal featuring a 10 % base wage increase over the life of the three-year contract , plus bonuses of 8 % the first year and 3 % the second . 
But proponents believe they may be able to shake enough votes loose to override the veto if they are successful in portraying the legislation as a matter of parents ' rights . 
-- Mimi Kay . 
She has thrown extravagant soirees for crowds of people , but prefers more intimate gatherings . 
Price controls were `` so fervently embraced by Charleston '' because price gouging in this situation is equivalent to looting . 
The report , which comes 25 years after the U.S. Surgeon General issued a report warning against the dangers of smoking , is the strongest indication to date that the reduction in smoking is leading to lower death rates from lung cancer . 
But Mr. Greenspan , who has repeatedly said the Fed 's goal is to reduce inflation , added that `` whatever losses are incurred in the pursuing of price stability would surely be more than made up in increased output thereafter . '' 
In response to the specific offer , Gary Risley , Mesa vice president , said management will ask directors to employ a financial consultant to advise them . 
This could be the first major bankruptcy-law proceeding for KKR , he adds . 
Afterward , Mr. Paul is said by Mr. Guterman to have phoned Mr. Guterman , the New York developer selling the collection , and gloated . 
In 1988 , the company earned $ 822.8 million , or $ 5.66 a share , on sales of $ 12.49 billion . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 5.39 , or 1.2 % to 452.76 on Friday . 
The ministry inquired about that deal -- which Mr. Utsumi declined to identify -- because the large presence of Japanese banks in the deal was `` being strongly criticized in the U.S. Congress '' and it was `` necessary for us to grasp the situation . '' 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Parsow and Elkhorn , which together hold 8.685 % of CACI 's common shares , said they think it is in the best interest of CACI stockholders that the company be sold . 
Much of the money was fraudulently concealed through purchases of prime Manhattan real estate , federal prosecutors have charged . 
Corn futures prices rose slightly while wheat prices settled mixed . 
The split and quarterly dividend will be payable Jan. 3 to stock of record Nov. 16 , the company said . 
The Nasdaq bank index fell 5.00 to 432.61 , while the insurance index fell 3.56 to 528.56 , and the `` other finance '' index dropped 3.27 to 529.32 . 
Even before then , the trust may be eager to unload Manville stock . 
But their potential quake exposure is seen as small given that they require a financial cushion on all the loans they purchase . 
But Mr. Achenbaum pioneered negotiated fees , which often worked out to less than 15 % . 
Mr. Savaiko noted that copper had a steep fall in spite of a weak dollar , which would normally support the U.S. copper market . 
Its maximum velocity is 72 mph . 
Now we must endure a rash of critics who apparently wish to know details of one side only . 
The precious metals sector outgained other Dow Jones industry groups by a wide margin for the second consecutive session . 
The National Institutes of Health policy would require researchers to cut financial ties with health-care businesses -- or lose their government money . 
Among the things I learned covering the World Series these past few weeks is that the Richter scale , which measures earthquakes , is n't like the one in your bathroom . 
At a recent meeting of manufacturing executives , `` everybody I talked with was very positive , '' he says . 
The company plans to raise between C$ 75 million and C$ 100 million from the offering , according to a spokeswoman at Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd. , lead underwriter . 
Most of the those who left stock funds simply switched into money market funds . 
Still , flat-rolled is the steel industry 's bread and butter , representing about half of the 80 million tons of steel expected to be shipped this year . 
`` One thing you can bet on , '' he says , `` is that Congress will do stupid things with the Tax Code . '' 
`` We wo n't sign any new contracts { with deliveries } beginning earlier than 2000 , '' the Hydro-Quebec official said . 
Rigid ideological restrictions on property ownership should be abandoned . 
Some traders noted individual investors dumped NTT shares amid growing expectation for a division of the company as suggested by a recent government-sponsored panel . 
( Another much-beloved saying , however , this one in plain English , holds that if something walks like a duck and quacks like a duck , it is a duck . 
Ogilvy & Mather 's top creative executive , Norman Berry , left the agency earlier this year . 
A bitter conflict with global implications has erupted between Nomura Securities Co. and Industrial Bank of Japan , two of the world 's most powerful financial companies . 
Bond Corp. has interests in brewing , media and communications , natural resources and property . 
But operating a U.S. department-store chain would be very difficult , '' says Motoyuki Homma , managing director of the international division at Mitsukoshi Ltd. , one of Japan 's leading department stores . 
But there is no solid evidence that the Khmer Rouge have changed . 
Silver prices could also be boosted by strikes in leading producing nations Peru and Mexico , Mr. Demler says . 
As it happens , Arthur D. Little is not at all interested in throwing cold water on ozone depletion and global warming theories . 
Robert L. Wood , 37-year-old chief financial officer , was named chairman and chief executive officer of this independent power producer , succeeding Raymond L. Hixson , 63 . 
`` We are in a transitional phase from being a Japanese company to becoming an international company based in Japan , '' says Mr. Muramatsu , the executive vice president . 
A year ago , Viacom had a net loss of $ 56.9 million , or $ 1.07 a share . 
The dollar began yesterday on a firm note in Tokyo , closing higher in late trade . 
The biotechnology concern said Spanish authorities must still clear the price for the treatment , but that it expects to receive such approval by year end . 
Healthsource Inc. -- Two million common shares , via Kidder , Peabody & Co . 
They will be the next hot magazines . 
Such efforts -- unheard of only a few years ago -- are the latest attempts to revive the sagging $ 1.76 billion U.S. ski industry . 
Import values are calculated on a cost , insurance and freight ( c.i.f . ) basis , while exports are accounted for on a free-on-board ( f.o.b . ) basis . 
That 's the only question we need to address . 
At stake was an $ 80,000 settlement involving who should pay what share of cleanup costs at the site of a former gas station , where underground fuel tanks had leaked and contaminated the soil . 
With $ 2.3 million , he and other investors launched Lithox last year to market a gallstone cure being developed by researchers of the University of California at San Diego . 
`` One of the stories of the fourth quarter is that we will get an unusual number of earnings disappointments from companies sensitive to the economy , '' says Mr. Boesel of T. Rowe Price . 
Furthermore , no bell has yet rung to announce the end of this immense episode of natural global warming . 
Priam had a loss of $ 25.4 million for the fiscal year ended July 7 , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 543,000 , or two cents a share . 
Asked whether there is anything Congress should do to curb the LBO boom , Mr. Brady responded , `` I think the LBO phenomenon , ( while ) it wo n't stop completely , will be a thing of the past . '' 
Mr. Bush said he would allow the bill to become law without his signature , because he said only a constitutional amendment can protect the flag adequately . 
But block trading desks and money managers made a concerted effort to meet the imbalances with stock to sell , one trader said . 
It also hopes to enter the U.S. market . 
Company officials say they are studying various proposals but wo n't discuss details . 
The 1988-return project starts Jan. 1 and is to be done by May 31 , 1991 . 
`` You have to be born with it . 
The complex restructuring , which was long expected , transforms London-based WCRS from primarily a creator of advertising into one of Europe 's largest buyers of advertising time and space . 
No one wants stock on their books . '' 
In recent months , numerous retailers have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , including Bonwit Teller , B. Altman & Co. , and Miller & Rhoads Inc . 
Mr. Roberts was assistant Treasury secretary under President Reagan . 
Eventually , Mr. Rey was forced to sell his Bally shares to the weapons maker Oerlikon-Buehrle Holding AG as establishment pressure grew on this hostile move into the Swiss old boys ' network . 
Gemina , which owns 13.26 % of Nuovo Banco , abstained in the final vote on Credit Agricole , which was nonetheless approved by a majority of shareholders . 
REPAIR SHOPS SCRAP for more access to work on auto-emissions systems . 
In fact , however , Mr. Reagan 's casual debasement of the office he so recently held raises issues about which Americans can actually do something . 
Lawyers for the Garcias said they plan to appeal . 
Analysts figure Amgen could benefit as a result of troubles facing its competitor , Genetics Institute , over the anti-anemia drug EPO . 
Some dealers noted that nervousness over the recent sharp dive in stock prices could intensify following suggestions by Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita that appeared to advise Japanese investors to be very careful in investing in U.S. leveraged buy-outs . 
The plan , approved by lawmakers and rejected Sunday by Aoun , includes political changes aimed at ending the 14-year-old civil war . 
The departing Mr. Cathcart says he has no worries about Kidder 's future . 
DSP makes electronic instrumentation and data acquisition systems . 
Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs , a liberal research group , said that Latin American countries would be `` profoundly disappointed '' if Canada were to follow the U.S. lead in the OAS . 
Michael Boskin , chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers , also will be a member . 
A test using new `` genetic probes '' showed that little Will Quinlan had not inherited a damaged retinoblastoma supressor gene and , therefore , faced no more risk than other children of developing the rare cancer . 
About one-third pay out of their own pockets , while the rest are covered throughout by Medicare , private insurers or the Veterans Administration . 
I 've seen a great many moviestar film portraits , and this one is outstanding . 
She added , however : `` It is not robust by any means . '' 
So the older or most inefficient capacity has got to go . '' 
Are the hats merely part of her new L.A. persona , along with the many ultra-thin Capri cigarettes she smokes , the parties she throws for 500 people , the Chekovian feasts she offers guests at her weekend place in Santa Barbara ? 
This magazine and book publisher said three men were elected directors , increasing the board to 10 . 
Shares of the new partnership would trade on an exchange like a stock . 
It alone is n't likely to stop a station from dumping CBS shows . 
`` That suggests there is a little more inventory overhang than some people expected , '' said Edward Boss , senior financial economist at Continental Bank in Chicago . 
Among bigger stocks , the Nasdaq 100 Index rose 1 % , or 4.56 , to 453.05 , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.2 % . 
GMAC Canada Ltd . ( U.S. parent ) -- 150 million Canadian dollars of floating-rate notes due November 1996 , via Banque Paribas Capital Markets Ltd . 
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand . 
There 's also resentment . 
It will compare 21 different blends of gasolines with three mixtures of up to 85 % methanol . 
One Wang salesman who left the company in July recalls that when he tried to sell products to Eastman Kodak , he worked `` to muster support from internal allies , '' but `` those allies became skeptical as they saw the downtrend . 
`` It 's made me more committed to CBS , '' says Philip A. Jones , the president of Meredith Corp. 's broadcast group , which has two CBS affiliates . 
One may be William Broderick , a Sterling , Mass. , grower . 
The offering is Fannie Mae 's Series 1989-88 . 
He added that concluding the deal requires approval by the governments of both countries , which have never had direct air links . 
The next woman was older , and I was afraid to touch her . 
At the Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. stand , Mrs. Nelson Rockefeller , a board member , offered him a soy burger . 
How would I file ? 
Since his arrival in May , Mr. Eidsmo has put in place techniques learned while working for Citicorp , such as management-by-objective , detailed project plans and forecasts of company sales and product trends . 
`` We do n't feel we can use { the devices } routinely in surgery yet , but we 're getting close , '' says Dr. Levy , who is now with the University of Pittsburgh . 
And like a spy or mystery story , this novel has strong elements of allegory , as the good and evil forces battle it out . 
Then , says Dr. Levy , `` she woke up paralyzed . '' 
Lawrence Insurance underwrites mostly primary insurance , a company spokesman said . 
The paper producer reported that net income fell to $ 102.1 million , or $ 1.09 a share , from $ 122.4 million , or $ 1.29 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
At first UAL did n't open because of an order imbalance . 
Each of the Class C warrants will enable the holders to purchase one share of common stock at $ 5.50 . 
On the hat side I was n't getting what I wanted . '' 
`` All the commissioners were in amazing agreement { to re-examine regulation } for only having been together for a few months . '' 
The trend drove up the aftertax margin -- net income as a percentage of revenues -- to 21.1 % in the quarter , compared with 20.7 % a year earlier . 
After another session Mr. Phelan held yesterday with major brokerage firms such as Morgan Stanley & Co. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and First Boston -- all of which have engaged in program trading -- an executive of a top brokerage firm said , `` Clearly , the firms want the exchange to take leadership . '' 
Thus armed for massive matching of documents by computer , they single out high-income groups , looking primarily for people who have n't filed New York income-tax returns . 
`` There 's no constitutional right involved in the rule change , '' he says . 
`` I think the current plan is sufficiently flawed in a sufficient number of bondholders ' eyes that substantial revisions will be required to get it done , '' says analyst Craig Davis of R.D. Smith & Co. here . 
`` We 're seeing a real turnaround in interest in small growth stocks , '' he says . 
Which cars do Americans favor most these days ? 
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell to a seasonally adjusted 332,000 for the week ended Oct. 14 from 396,000 the previous week , the Labor Department said . 
Wendy Gramm , the agency 's chairman , told the Senate Agriculture Committee that she expects the study to be released within two weeks and the rule changes to be completed by Thanksgiving . 
Bio-Technology General Corp. received tenders for 97.9 % of its 7.5 % convertible senior subordinated notes due April 15 , 1997 , and 96 % of its 11 % convertible senior subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2006 . 
Interactive telephone technology has taken a new leap in sophistication , and television programmers are racing to exploit the possibilities . 
`` I thought { the drawing } a cross between someone you 'd spot whipping open his trench coat ... or a guy who boasted he 'd been Charles Manson 's roommate for the last 19 years , '' he said . 
The 150,000-square-foot plant will be constructed on a 55-acre site near Dublin . 
When that agreement expires , Torstar will be free to increase its 22.4 % stake in Southam , or to make an offer for the whole company . 
Dow Jones industrials 2645.08 , up 41.60 ; transportation 1205.01 , up 13.15 ; utilities 219.19 , up 2.45 . 
The number of big institutions that own H&R Block shares is 207 and growing , according to a midyear tally by CDA Investment Technologies . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6145 , up from $ 1.6055 late Tuesday . 
Milton B. Hollander , 60 years old , was named chief executive officer , succeeding Barrett B. Weekes . 
Why is he cashing in now ? 
The department has collected over $ 6.5 million from brokers so far and recommended more than 30 of them for criminal prosecution . 
The air force is to take at least 250 more . 
This would leave Britain free to adopt the charter after having rebutted the action program . 
The stock traded as high as $ 10 this past summer . 
In addition , HealthVest said Bank of Tokyo Trust Co. also has notified it of a default and said it might take action to cure the default . 
Chris Edgar 
`` They want the full press releases on printer announcements by their competition , '' Mr. Amram says . 
The average seven-day compounded yield fell to 8.55 % from 8.60 % the week earlier , Donoghue 's said . 
The offering includes a new issue of $ 53 million of Tampa , Fla. , Series 1989 revenue bonds for St. Joseph 's Hospital Inc. , due 1996-2000 , 2005 and 2023 . 
Earlier rate reductions in Texas and California reduced the quarter 's revenue and operating profit $ 55 million ; a year earlier , operating profit in telephone operations was reduced by a similar amount as a result of a provision for a reorganization . 
When it threatened to use this provision as the test for a line-item veto , Congress caved . 
The high margin partly stems from continued strong growth in high-yielding consumer loans , which jumped 31 % to $ 17.47 billion from a year earlier , and residential mortgages , which rose 25 % to $ 12 billion . 
One takeover expert noted that arbitragers could force a recapitalization through the written consent process under which holders may oust the board by a majority vote . 
Besides the marketing agreement , GRE said Nationwide Anglia has agreed to develop life insurance products with the composite insurer . 
The tax business still provides about 70 % of earnings , on about 50 % of sales . 
Mr. Blinder said the change was n't related to the brokerage 's recent troubles , which have included sharp declines in earnings , run-ins with the securities regulators and lawsuits by former customers . 
It 's a California crime saga worthy of an Erle Stanley Gardner title : The Case of the Purloined Palm Trees . 
One Egg King -- which at just under four feet tall and two feet wide has been likened to the robot R2-D2 -- can crack about 20,000 eggs an hour . 
But given the political importance of California , the administration was content to use its influence to prevent any Senate amendments adding further new appropriations . 
Cartoonists in West Germany have already mocked the exodus by imagining an advertisement placed by Mr. Honecker : `` Wanted : one people . '' 
Confronted with the evidence , Mr. Tharp pleaded guilty to one charge of filing a false return and was fined $ 5,000 and sentenced to 18 months in prison . 
Jujo Paper predicted that for the full fiscal year ending next March 31 , sales will total 400.0 billion yen , up from 366.89 billion yen . 
There are $ 12,915,000 of 7 % term certificates due 2007 , priced to yield 7.15 % . 
The executives , who got $ 30.88 a share for the stock , showed good timing . 
Pemex 's customers also are pleased with the company 's new spirit . 
In it , traders buy or sell stocks and offset those positions in stock-index futures contracts to profit from fleeting price discrepancies . 
x - Year-to-date 1988 figure includes Volkswagen domestic-production through July . 
Apple said that its money would be better spent in areas such as research and development . 
The expansion is aimed not just at meeting demand but also at expanding the company 's market share to 30 % from 27 % currently . 
Sales climbed 71 % to $ 6.36 billion from $ 3.72 billion as the company capitalized on the ravenous global demand for commercial airliners . 
The unexpectedly wide U.S. August trade deficit of $ 10.77 billion hit an already jittery U.K. market in midafternoon . 
Still , AMR 's stumble does n't bode well for the rest of the industry . 
That was also the case in the days following the June 4 massacre in Beijing , which caused a sharp drop in Hong Kong stock prices . 
Because we all were busy riding a wave . 
SUN MICROSYSTEMS INC. , Mountain View , maker of desktop computers , annual sales $ 1.77 billion , OTC , no injured employees and very little damage to buildings . 
The U.S. is required to notify foreign dictators if it knows of coup plans likely to endanger their lives , government officials said . 
And they wo n't consider such a dividend , the trust added , before results are available for the first quarter of 1990 . 
His attorneys claim he was framed by the FBI and New York police as part of a campaign to destroy the black liberation movement of the 1960s . 
My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking . 
Mr. Leavitt , 37 , was elected chairman earlier this year by the company 's new board , having served as vice president for legal and corporate affairs . 
The stock closed at $ 38.50 on heavy volume of about 3.5 million shares . 
In the comparable year-ago quarter , the second quarter ended Oct. 31 , Service Corp. had a loss of about $ 12.5 million , or 26 cents a share , on revenue of $ 175.4 million . 
Separately , the board expanded to six members with the election of David L. Holewinski , a consultant . 
But critics consider the changes regressive . 
So two cheers for the new rules . 
GM 's Cadillac division , ignoring Detroit 's long-held maxim that safety does n't sell , is airing television commercials touting its cars ' safety features . 
Actually , Cervantes borrowed that quote from a writer of some 25 centuries earlier : Israel 's King Solomon wrote those words in the Book of Proverbs ( 22:1 ) . 
The government offered a reward for the return of the antiquities , but routine police work led to the recovery . 
David Rahill of A. Foster Higgins & Co. said that clients of his consulting firm report that utilization management reduces their hospital care bills by about 5 % , but he agreed that for the health-care system as whole , some of these savings are offset by administrative and outpatient care costs . 
`` Their principal asset is Manville common stock , '' says Jeffrey Halis , who runs Sabre Associates , an investment fund that owns Manville shares . 
FORMER APPLE COMPUTER Inc. general counsel John P. Karalis has joined the Phoenix , Ariz. , law firm of Brown & Bain . 
The normal term for the 1986 and 1987 model 323 is two years or 24,000 miles ; the term for the 1988 323 is three years or 50,000 miles . 
As part of a restructuring announced earlier this year , the company proposed in August to exchange 168 newly issued common shares for each $ 1,000 face value of debt . 
The agreement calls for MCI to provide data service , 800 and Vnet service , a virtual private network service . 
Time Warner has vigorously denied all of Viacom 's allegations . 
But he said he believes the second quarter 's 5 % rate `` will prove to have been this year 's peak quarterly inflation rate . '' 
Puerto Rico Telephone Co. awarded its $ 3 million account to West Indies & Grey , Grey Advertising 's office in Puerto Rico . 
-- Ivern Ball . 
Sam Ginn , chairman and chief executive officer , told securities analysts in New York that the company expects somewhat slower per-share earnings growth in 1990 , although annual growth should return to the traditional figure of about 7 % thereafter . 
MCI claims about 12 % of the overall long-distance telephone market but just under 10 % of the $ 23 billion residential market . 
`` People have a different reputation country by country . '' 
After two mistrials , the stakes in the stock manipulation trial of GAF Corp. and its vice chairman , James T. Sherwin , have changed considerably . 
Proceeds from the planned sale of the 250,000-square-foot building `` will help reduce the debt incurred as a result of our July 1988 recapitalization , '' said a USG official . 
But once a franchisee agrees to a promotional program , the franchiser can demand full participation to the very end , says Lew Rudnick , a principal of Rudnick & Wolfe , a Chicago law firm with franchise industry clients . 
`` It may take five years to break even in Japan , '' says John A. Siniscal , who runs the Asia-Pacific office for McCormack & Dodge , a U.S. software company . 
The metal and marble lobby of CenTrust Bank 's headquarters is grander than your average savings and loan . 
`` You always want your house insured , but you do n't always feel the need for your investments to be insured . '' 
Now a rocky stock market and weak corporate profits may further threaten the economy . 
Another important revision of department policy is a new guideline warning prosecutors `` not to take steps that would harm innocent third parties '' in a case brought under the racketeering law , the official , David Runkel , said . 
But as advertisers latch onto disasters with increasing frequency , they risk hurting themselves as much as helping the cause . 
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd . 
A corporation that wants to sell stock or bonds goes to a Wall Street firm , which purchases the securities outright , accepting the financial risk of finding buyers . 
Revenue dropped 4.3 % to $ 2.3 billion from $ 2.4 billion , reflecting declines in its consumer-telephone sector , long-distance carrier business and diversified division . 
Mr. Murphy of Meredith said one advertiser , which he would n't identify , wants Meredith to provide ad pages in seven Meredith magazines , publish an interior-decorating book that will be distributed at point of purchase , give away a videotape on installation pointers , and possibly use Meredith 's Better Homes and Gardens ' residential real-estate agents to distribute discount-coupon books to new homeowners . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Stock prices slipped lower in moderate trading . 
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved . 
The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates that this year Americans will eat about 40 % more fresh apples per capita than the Japanese . 
The ministers are to reshape NATO 's defenses in Western Europe amid fast-paced changes in the Soviet bloc . 
However , the total value declined for deals of $ 100 million and up . 
And when any component of the market -- cash , futures or options -- loses liquidity , the price discovery system ( the way prices are determined ) becomes flawed or is lost entirely for a time . 
Because of the large amounts of money being raised , the loose disclosure requirements and the casual monitoring of how the money is used , some analysts fear that there could be a few mega-crashes , which could hurt market confidence far more than the small bankruptcies that followed the boom of 1986 . 
Dow Jones industrials 2643.65 , up 4.92 ; transportation 1247.87 , off 6.40 ; utilities 213.97 , off 0.57 . 
`` Filtered news is what people want , '' says Esther Dyson , editor of Release 1.0 , an industry newsletter that spots new developments . 
Texaco acquired Tana before it completed those sales because Tana 's properties are high quality and near other fields Texaco already owns , a company spokeswoman said . 
Cummins Engine Co. , Columbus , Ind. , hurt by a drop in engine orders from heavy-truck makers , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 39.7 million , or $ 4.12 a share , on essentially flat sales of $ 807.6 million . 
Both companies will replace the oil filler cap with a ventilated oil filler cap . 
Several other banks have similar applications pending . 
Looking back , he says he erred by stating his `` personal '' opposition to abortion instead of assuring voters that he would n't impose his views on `` policy '' as governor . 
Mr. Cornell says : `` The junk market is no bonanza as Drexel claimed , but it also is n't a disaster as the doomsayers say . '' 
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say . 
But the public policy issues raised by earthquake damage will be difficult to address , Mr. Johnson predicted . 
The major question , said one holder who asked not to be named , is whether New York investor Bennett S. LeBow , whose Brooke Partners controls Western Union , is willing to offer a large enough equity stake to entice bondholders into agreeing to a new swap . 
Net income included a gain of $ 708,000 on asset sales , the real estate investment trust said . 
Ballooning at the de rigueur hour of 6 a.m. held all the attraction for most people of sunrise root-canal work . 
`` We are not in any hurry to sell '' Saks , Marshall Field or B.A.T 's other U.S. retail properties , said Chairman Patrick Sheehy . 
But there did seem to be a retail activity pickup . 
A food caterer stashed stones in the false bottom of a milk pail . 
So does Mr. Friend and his law partner , Nick Nichols . 
The latest quarter included a gain of $ 193.3 million , or $ 2.46 a share , from the sale of New York Times Cable , completed in August . 
But Eugene L. Nowak , an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , forecast that the sale will bring in `` $ 200 million or substantially more . '' 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered . 
The operator of fast-food restaurants , whose shares began trading last Friday , climbed 3 1\/8 to 23 on 944,000 shares . 
In effect , Holiday is asking holders for permission for Bass to buy their debt . 
`` But he pulled through , and after the ambulance left , there were still six people in line waiting for a massage . 
At least when the stakes are high , uncertainty in turn results in overinclusion , as individuals do not dare to approach an uncertain line closely . 
A report in this week 's issue of the Journal of the National Cancer Institute also projects that overall U.S. mortality rates from lung cancer , the leading cause of cancer death , should begin to drop in several years if cigarette smoking continues to abate . 
When Dreyfus started the first advertising-backed retail fund in February 1974 , it was priced at $ 10 a share ( and reached $ 1 billion in assets in one year . ) 
To start , there 's always a crisis -- and someone always worries , `` What if the press gets a hold of this ? '' 
They are a tribute to Federal 's management which , since the company 's founding 16 years ago , has had its way with its work force -- an unusual feat in the contentious transportation industry . 
For the nine months , the Morris Township , N.J.-based company , with businesses in aerospace , automotive products and engineered materials , earned $ 413 million , or $ 2.77 cents a share , up 15 % from $ 359 million , or $ 2.40 a share . 
`` The results seem to be very premature , '' said Mitsuru Miyata , editor of Nikkei Biotechnology , a leading Japanese industry newsletter . 
Shearson , Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs say they do so only for customers , however . 
Under the new approach , Sears set prices that were somewhere between its old `` regular '' and `` sale '' prices . 
But many individual investors are leery about stocks because of fresh signs of fragility in the huge junk-bond market . 
`` Now , I feel maybe there 's a little bit of euphoria . '' 
Mr. Posner resigned as president and chief executive officer of Sharon in April 1988 . 
Per-share earnings declined to $ 1.10 a share from $ 1.12 a share , largely because of 21 million additional shares issued to retire $ 1 billion of debt . 
But in a letter sent in August to Asia Development , Schroders said the loan was terminated because the developer had failed to deliver adequate financial data and pay certain fees to the loan-management committee on time , according to officials close to the project . 
China 's leaders have promised generous liberties for post-1997 Hong Kong . 
A pitched battle could mean Jaguar would fetch # 10 ( $ 16.02 ) a share , or about # 1.8 billion ( $ 2.88 billion ) , several analysts believe . 
Joann S. Lublin in London contributed to this article . 
Anti-union pilots have held ballot-burning parties . 
TRUSTEE WHO MONITORED settlement payments to Dalkon Shield claimants quits . 
But he adds : `` Everybody and his sister have opened up M&A shops . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Players ran out on the field way below , and the stands began to reverberate . 
But most U.S. insurers have n't rushed to change the way they do business in Europe because they believe the European market will still be dominated by a handful of domestic companies . 
Fewer people said they were working up a sweat with such activities as jogging , tennis , swimming and aerobics . 
If you can do that and at the same time send a message that supports your business , that 's brilliant . '' 
The extra margin for bases in the U.S. enhances the power of the appropriations committees ; meanwhile , lawmakers used their positions to garner as much as six times what the Pentagon had requested for their individual states . 
`` Their opinion is devoid of the wisdom of the forefathers ' teaching regarding impeachment , '' Mr. Hastings said . 
As the market dropped Friday , Robertson Stephens slashed the value of the offering by 7 % . 
A one-time noncontract full-page advertisement in The Wall Street Journal national edition will cost $ 99,385 . 
The largest issue was a $ 4 billion offering of auto-loan securities by General Motors Acceptance Corp. in 1986 . 
According to Richard P. Mills , a Boston-based official of the U.S. partner , 10,000 copies of the quarterly will be printed in Russian from next year . 
As for the current period , Mr. Gumucio said , `` We anticipate that fourth-quarter revenue and earnings will be substantially greater than any of the preceding three quarters , but not up to the record levels of last year 's fourth quarter '' when Cray earned $ 88.5 million , or $ 2.80 a share . 
That means that a corporation , after a specified amount of time has passed , can buy back its bonds by paying investors the face value ( plus , in some cases , a sweetener ) . 
ECI Environmental Inc. , initial offering of 1.1 million shares , of which ECI will sell 990,000 and co-founders will sell 110,000 shares , via Oppenheimer & Co . 
Thus it is coming up short on a big bet that quick sales at higher prices would enable it to keep up with mortgage and other debt payments . 
The designation at July 's economic summit of major industrialized nations of the EC Commission as coordinator of Western aid to Poland and Hungary was a first step . 
Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and do n't work : -- `` Parental involvement '' is a bad idea . 
9.88 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
The French water treatment group said consolidated net profit after payments to minority interests rose to 749 million francs ( US$ 119.2 million ) from 575 million francs in the first half of 1988 . 
He gave 10-to-1 odds that a capital-gains tax cut of some sort would be approved this year , though it probably wo n't be included in the pending deficit-reduction bill . 
The previous five reports were mainly statistical , but clear enough in outline . 
Its role in the economies of developing countries has grown steadily since the 1970s . 
The Health and Human Services Department currently forbids the National Institutes of Health from funding abortion research as part of its $ 8 million contraceptive program . 
The Fossett firm had some losses and liquidity problems during the October 1987 crash as well , Mr. Rawls said . 
Kellwood Co. said it completed a previously announced acquisition of Crowntuft Manufacturing Corp. , a New York-based maker of chenille robes and lounge wear . 
The proposals go far beyond the current and rather confused policies of perestroika , Mikhail Gorbachev 's restructuring of the economy . 
The Sunset { District } was more or less like a pajama party all evening , lots of people & dogs walking around , drinking beer . 
If the case is converted to Chapter 7 , what remains of the oil tycoon 's once-vast estate -- now believed to have a value of less than $ 125 million -- would be sold off quickly with most of the proceeds going to the Internal Revenue Service , whose claim for $ 300 million in back taxes has priority in the case . 
Fill-Or-Kill Order : The fill-or-kill order is one of several associated with the timing of trades . 
Managers , he contends , `` are afraid how they 're going to look in the eyes of their peers . 
As Mr. Rivkin explains it , `` We were raising some caution flags about rate rises in Europe and concerns about the LBO market . 
The current account deficit on France 's balance of payments narrowed to 1.48 billion French francs ( $ 236.8 million ) in August from a revised 2.1 billion francs in July , the Finance Ministry said . 
Taxes are not going out of business . '' 
During the four-day promotion , shoppers at the Short Hills , N.J. , store lined up to pay for big-ticket items like coats and suits . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % two months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % four months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
They say the longer the warranty , the longer customers will automatically return to new-car dealers , which then find non-warranty work that might otherwise go to repair shops . 
Yet under its 45-year-old president , Trelleborg moved aggressively into those unfashionable base industries -- first strengthening its existing rubber and plastics division , later adding mining as well as building and construction materials . 
Mrs. Thatcher `` does n't like taking orders from foreigners , '' says Tim Congdon , economist with Gerrard & National Holding PLC . 
Your were on target regarding industry problems , but wide of the mark in portraying the financial health of this company . 
Both firms are in New York . 
IBM established its standard to try to stop falling behind upstart Apple Computer , but NEC was ahead from the start and did n't need to invite in competitive allies . 
In the case of HHS Secretary Louis Sullivan , the litmus test could yet damage issues important to other parts of the Republican coalition . 
Making matters worse was the fact that late Friday afternoon the CBOE halted stock-index options trading in step with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's halt in stock-index futures . 
The joint venture licenses a portfolio of about 1,400 patents and patent applications relating to optical-disk recording technology . 
Cie . Financiere de Paribas said it intends to transfer its 30 % shareholding in Societe Commerciale to a new company which will be jointly owned with Lonrho . 
Prices this week will likely be dominated by reports on the progress of the corn and soybean harvest as well as by speculation about more purchases of U.S. crops by the Soviet Union . 
The mutual-fund industry is debating the question , but do n't expect a new name while the old one is working so well . 
William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , said Lincoln Savings & Loan Association should have been seized by the government in 1986 to contain losses that he estimated will cost taxpayers as much as $ 2 billion . 
The main effect of the ceiling boost was to `` legitimize '' some of the overproduction already coming from the quota cheaters . 
A strategic review is fundamentally different . 
One especially dangerous aspect to the new tax would be that the proceeds will be used to increase the budgets of the antitrust division at Justice and the Federal Trade Commission . 
The FASB rule will cover such financial instruments as interest rate swaps , financial guarantees , foward interest rate contracts , loan contracts , loan commitments and options written on securites held . 
The highest yielding taxable fund this week was Harbor Money Market Fund , with a seven-day compound yield of 12.75 % . 
In all , the Los Angeles-based trust plans to sell its interests in 36 hotels , while the corporation will sell its management interests in 32 of those properties . 
One plaintiff , a doctor , testified in an affidavit that he also gave Mr. Peterson $ 50,000 to join a sort of investment club which essentially gave the physician `` the privilege of making additional investments '' with Mr. Peterson . 
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar . 
The buy-back , which was n't a complete surprise , was announced after the stock market had closed . 
The sale , expected to close before the end of the year , also includes a manufacturing plant in Franklin Park , Ill . 
Instead of helping his company in the defense spending slowdown , Dynamic Engineering Inc. , a troubled subsidiary that makes wind tunnels for the space industry , contributed to much of QuesTech 's $ 3.3 million loss on $ 55.6 million in revenue last year . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Contel closed at $ 33.75 a share , down .50 cents . 
Bond prices fell after the Chicago report was released . 
And on back-to-back roll calls , 206-199 and 223-178 , the Appropriations Committee leadership turned back efforts to weaken or strip the proposed restrictions first added by Sen. Warren Rudman ( R. , N.H. ) 
Ms. Hall expects Cathay 's profit to grow around 13 % annually this year and next . 
( Its stake is even smaller if life insurance is included . ) 
Mr. Coats plans to offer his proposal as an amendment to a bill to raise the federal debt limit before the end of the month . 
The quivers move through my house every few minutes at unpredictable intervals , and the mouse that 's been living in my kitchen has taken refuge under my desk . 
U.S. Treasury bonds , for example , are supersafe when it comes to returning money at maturity . 
The two-thirds who have n't tried to make their portfolios more recession-resistant were split about evenly between investors who `` do n't believe in trying to predict the markets '' ( about 31 % ) and investors who `` do n't expect a recession '' ( about 15 % ) or are `` unsure if and when a recession might come '' ( about 22 % ) . 
THE EARTHQUAKE in San Francisco has sent few tremors through the hearts of real estate investors . 
`` You can see the highs and lows of the business all under one roof , '' she tells the group . 
Jackson & Walker has an office in Fort Worth , Texas , and Dotson & Scofield has an office in New Orleans . 
The standard of living has increased steadily over the past 40 years ; more than 90 % of the people consider themselves middle class . 
`` Every time you thought it was going into a rally it gave up , and every time you thought it would rally it came down . 
Scott E. Hein Texas Tech University Lubbock , Texas Your Investment Dartboard article misses the target . 
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order-processing services . 
And plays . 
Other manufacturers are equally cautious . 
Mike Huber , a roustabout , is even making it in his new career as an entrepreneur . 
LOTUS DEVELOPMENT Corp. 's net income rose 61 % in the third quarter from the year-earlier period . 
`` We 've demonstrated that you can . '' 
Nicholas Parks , a New York money manager , expects the market to decline about 15 % . 
Jaguar PLC 's chairman said he hopes to reach a friendly pact with General Motors Corp. within a month that may involve the British luxury-car maker 's producing a cheaper executive model . 
The partnership also includes American Express Co. , Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U.S. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Re-enactments have been used successfully for several seasons on such syndicated `` tabloid TV '' shows as `` A Current Affair , '' which is produced by the Fox Broadcasting Co. unit of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp . 
`` That 's very sad for China and for Asia because China could have been a good engine for growth , not just for Hong Kong and Taiwan but for Japan , Korea and the rest of Asia . '' 
And Friday the 13th notwithstanding , stocks have been this year 's hot investment . 
Yesterday , the Fed executed four-day matched sales , a technical trading operation designed to drain reserves from the banking system . 
`` I 've read Balzac , '' he answers critics . 
Linda Aldridge , who does full-body work in Pittsburgh , says that while on-site massage is better than nothing , tired workers should realize it is only the tip of the iceberg . 
Trust income grew 15 % , to $ 49.9 million , while service charges , fees and commissions increased 22 % , to $ 79.4 million . 
Santa Fe Pacific ( NYSE ; Symbol : SFX ) 
Mr. Jones calls the ranch `` the Pentagon of Sportdom . '' 
A manager should not have to rebut the opinions of his employees about the style of his management . 
Installation of the TV system , which includes providing free 19-inch TV sets in classrooms , begins in January . 
Japanese machinery makers received orders totaling 1.465 trillion yen ( $ 10.33 billion ) in August , up 14 % from a year earlier , the Economic Planning Agency said . 
The Mexico-United States Institute is glad to see such a high official as Mexico 's undersecretary of finance view his country 's reforms `` in the context of a larger , world-wide process '' of profound change toward free-market economics , especially in the statist countries . 
The acquisition of the Financial Times of Canada is `` well within reach for any number of media companies , both public and private , '' said James Cole , an analyst with Toronto-based BBN James Capel Inc . 
Without legal recourse , there are no guarantees of civil rights for anyone . 
Overall they increased 2.8 % to 12.1 million , putting U S West over the 12 million mark for the first time . 
It was the kind of snubbing rarely seen within the Congress , let alone within the same party . 
The key is how a manager from one culture can motivate employees from another . 
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said . 
THE R.H. MACY & CO . department-store chain is n't for sale . 
South African gold stocks closed firmer . 
Some industry observers say that Mitsukoshi 's classy image makes it a possible match for Saks Fifth Avenue . 
However , Mr. Moran added that the Japanese generally have a positive view of the U.S. bond market because of expectations that the dollar will remain strong and interest rates will decline . 
Federal Express and Flying Tiger , as separate companies , carried a combined 2.6 million tons . 
US Sprint said was it will petition the FCC decision in federal court . 
It 's known for its cautiousness in part because it has had little need for bold overseas ventures : In the year ended March 31 , 57.4 % of its total revenue came from office building management . 
Does the Delta deserve government help in attracting industry when the majority of residents , black and white , do not realize racism alienates potential employers ? 
Earlier last week , Valley National Corp. , the state 's largest locally owned banking company , reported a $ 72.2 million loss and suspended its dividend . 
a - reflects 2-for-1 stock split effective Dec. 30 , 1988 . 
And New York Life made a plea for Red Cross donations in newspaper ads in the San Francisco area , latching onto the coattails of the Red Cross 's impeccable reputation : `` The Red Cross has been helping people for 125 years . 
But car-happy Americans panicked , and so did the U.S. and other oil-consuming governments . 
I do n't think that is the case . '' 
The cuckoo prefers the nests of other birds and heaves out their eggs . 
The center will provide space for computer hardware and facsimile and other telecommunications equipment , not readily accessible in Poland now , for a growing number of Westerners doing business in Eastern Europe . 
`` Newport Beach is known in Rhode Island for having a lot of rich people . '' 
Eastern has publicly stated it is exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and has predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 proceedings early next year , operating more flights than it originally had scheduled . 
`` We believe that the vast majority of imported material is safe . 
This week , many carriers are announcing cut-rate fares designed to get people to fly on some of the most hallowed -- and slowest -- days of the year , including Christmas . 
Of course these turf battles are unseemly , wasteful and potentially dangerous and should be resolved in the interest of national security , but Mr. Lehman seems to be part of the problem rather than part of the answer . 
Mr. Green could n't be reached . 
The number of makes has mushroomed because the U.S. is the world 's biggest and richest market for automobiles ; virtually every auto maker wants to sell here . 
The former board had produced `` 21 opinions and 1,000 critics '' in its 12-year life , its chairman had conceded . 
`` I tried . '' 
`` There 's less likelihood of creating and completing a transaction without the unions ' cooperation and wage concessions , '' said Richard Nye , of Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover stock-trader . 
The convenience-food company said it sold the bakeries to Mills Family Bakery for an undisclosed amount . 
Then the 20th century saw the evolution of private-sector wonder drugs , which promulgated medical therapy . 
The Milwaukee toy retailer said the agreement calls for Everything 's a Dollar holders to receive for their holdings a total of 354,600 newly issued Wisconsin Toy shares . 
In a sagging market , the Federal Reserve System `` might flood the market with funds , and that should bring interest rates down , '' says Leonard T. Anctil , vice president of the Bank of New England , Boston . 
Many other brokerage firms had similarly bullish views . 
In the Senate , Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the Labor Committee , and Pete Domenici , ( R. , N.M . ) ranking minority member of the Budget Committee , have been working on a compromise , and their soundings showed that the Senate appeared to be heading toward enough strength to override another Bush veto , a Democratic staff official said . 
Uneasiness about Wall Street was cited in several markets . 
But even that group knows some people do n't use their machines as much as they should . 
Third-quarter revenue rose 2.7 % to $ 433.5 million from $ 422.1 million . 
The cement producer said the payment was made from excess cash flow . 
Norimasa Furuta , president of Japan 's Mazda Motor Corp. , said the Japanese car maker is planning joint production with Ford Motor Co. in Europe ahead of the European Community 's 1992 integration . 
Since local benefit-seeking matters more and national policy making matters less in the lower chamber of Congress , this is precisely the pattern one would expect if Republicans are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their Democratic counterparts . 
Since the end of last year , junk bonds have been outperformed by all categories of investment-grade bonds , including ultra-safe Treasury securities . 
Among other actual and rumored targets , Woolworth rose 1 1\/4 to 60 1\/2 , Upjohn went up 1 1\/8 to 39 3\/4 , Armstrong World Industries gained 1 to 40 1\/8 and Kollmorgen rose 3\/4 to 13 7\/8 . 
Citicorp 
It also made artful use of semantics , redefining as non-strategic industries some that had been in the national domain . 
The problem is that the CD he bought for a retirement plan was n't a plain vanilla CD . 
Investors recalled that Shearson last week had been advising that `` the market is still exhibiting all the signs of a further advance . '' 
Nippon Air Brake Co . ( Japan ) -- 140 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi Bank ( Switzerland ) . 
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts . 
He launched into Saint-Saens 's `` The Swan '' from `` Carnival of the Animals , '' a favorite encore piece for cellists , with lovely , glossy tone and no bite . 
Nekoosa 's poison pill allows shareholders to vote to rescind it , but Georgia-Pacific is n't likely to pursue such a course immediately because that would take 90 to 120 days , and would n't affect the provisions of the Maine law . 
Average annual earnings of those who have hung on , though , surged to $ 78,625 last year from $ 69,553 in 1987 . 
Sandra Swift Parrino 
Nausea and vomiting are other common side effects . 
They can be relieved only by changing that system , not by pouring Western money into it . 
Most of the loans in question are to Third World countries in South America . 
He figures the episode will help `` clarify any ambiguities '' between the committee and administration . 
An ebullient Mr. Johnson , wearing a NASA baseball cap and carrying a camera and binoculars , called the launch `` fantastic . '' 
Sales in the category that includes pharmaceuticals , amino acids and chemicals rose 4.7 % . 
It is famous as the winter home of the whooping crane , that symbol of the destruction of wild America . 
She thinks a recovery in the stock market would help copper rebound as well . 
`` You are a dinosaur ... a hangover in a $ 10 suit ... 
With proper warning , diabetics can easily raise their blood sugar to safe levels by eating sugar or sugary food . 
Mr. Marous said Westinghouse would own 70 % of the facility . 
But on a 53-45 roll call this provision was stripped from the bill last night after Foreign Relations Chairman Claiborne Pell ( D. , R.I . ) complained that it was an intrusion on exclusive powers vested in his panel for more than three decades . 
Dictaphone went ahead and introduced the pico in 1985 , but it has n't sold well . 
After long stretches of this attendant ground activity came 20 or so lovely minutes of drifting above the Vosges watching the silver mists rise off the river and the French cows amble about the fields . 
`` Ken was my key contact , '' said J. Nicholas Hahn , president and chief executive officer of Cotton Inc. , which represents cotton producers . 
The office , an arm of the Treasury , said it does n't have data on the financial position of applicants and thus ca n't determine why blacks are rejected more often . 
Americans it seems have followed Malcolm Forbes 's hot-air lead and taken to ballooning in a heady way . 
In an economic slowdown , heavy debt loads reduce the flexibility of companies because cash that would normally be used to keep the company buoyant must be diverted to interest payments . 
It 's a tough thing when you ca n't . 
She adopted 12 of assorted races , naming them the Rainbow Tribe , and driving her husband first to despair and then to Argentina . 
The natural gas pipeline concern said the 500 million cubic feet a day capacity pipeline would be built by a proposed joint venture between two Panhandle Eastern units - Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. and Trunkline Gas Co . 
State and city officials are still negotiating with developers to renovate historic theaters and build and operate a merchandise mart and hotel . 
He said that other participants in the conference `` do not believe that the rights of Americans should be guaranteed to citizens who are homosexual , '' but that `` I mean to persuade you to the opposite view . '' 
A spokesman for GE said that the company has been working with the FAA all along on this issue and `` will comply fully with the required inspections . '' 
If , for example , they choose to keep the B-2 Stealth bomber , they would have to sacrifice more and more other programs -- such as carrier battlegroups or army divisions -- as they moved toward lower budget levels . 
Mr. Edelman could n't be reached for comment . 
`` We 've approached this not as a response to a temporary condition in the industry but as a fundamental change the industry is going through , '' Mr. Unruh said . 
Net was aided by a lower income tax rate . 
Comments by John Major , who has succeeded Mr. Lawson , also failed to damp market concern , despite his pledge to maintain relatively high British interest rates . 
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so-called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years . 
Predictably , some Navy guys said : `` Do we still need to keep all 18 Army divisions on active duty and all those extra land-based aircraft without bases and all those Army guys playing admiral in Tampa ? 
At 555 W. 57th St. in Manhattan , one floor below the offices of `` 60 Minutes , '' the most successful prime-time news program ever , actors wait in the reception area to audition for `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung . '' 
a tragicomic monologue by an idealistic , not unheroic , though sadly self-deceived English butler in his sixties -- proceeds as if the realistic English novel of manners , like Britannia herself , still ruled the waves . 
PARKER HANNIFIN Corp. , which is selling three automotive replacement parts divisions , said it will retain its Automotive Connectors and Cliff Impact divisions . 
He said he is `` very surprised '' by the furor over program trading and the exchange 's role in it that has raged in recent days . 
Shamir said Tuesday that he was prepared to risk a policy conflict with the U.S. over an Egyptian plan to hold direct Israeli-Palestinian talks , which the premier 's Likud bloc opposes . 
Ciba-Geigy AG , the big Swiss chemicals company , said that it agreed in a letter of intent with Corning Inc. to acquire Corning 's 50 % share of Ciba Corning Diagnostics Corp. , based in Medfield , Mass . 
A comprehensive development policy for governors over 30 would seem to be a more pressing need . 
But Hertz points out that at least it 's now charging only $ 3.95 a day in Texas , while some competitors are charging $ 6.99 . 
He said that the next generation of optical drives will be as fast as hard drives , but he depends on outside suppliers for the devices . 
Mr. Levin , former head of EPA 's regulatory reform staff , adapted this from his November column for the Journal of the Air and Waste Management Association . 
A De Beers spokesman said yesterday the company had offered to increase the minimum wage by 18 % , while the union was demanding 26.6 % . 
Moody 's said its rating changes actions `` reflect CS First Boston 's aggressive merchant banking risk as well as the risk profile of its current merchant banking exposures . '' 
Keith Mulrooney , special assistant to Federal Highway Administrator Thomas Larson , also said that after the 1971 San Fernando earthquake in Southern California , the state set tougher standards for bridges , and with federal aid , began a program to retrofit highways and bridges for earthquake hazards . 
Shares of Coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 1.50 apiece to $ 19.125 in national over-the-counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . 
Within weeks the unfolding Iran-Contra scandal took away Mr. Noriega 's insurance policy . 
Amid heavy buying of shares in Belgium 's largest insurer , Maurice Lippens also warned in an interview that a white knight , in buying out a raider , could leave speculators with big losses on their AG stock . 
Gov. George Deukmejian , who said he had been assured by state transportation officials that the structure could withstand an even larger quake , called for an immediate investigation . 
`` However , given the changes in the market conditions that have occurred since then , we decided to sell only the amount needed to proceed with our contemplated recapitalization , '' he said . 
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . '' 
A spokesman for the company said Campeau has n't seen the suit and declined to comment . 
Mr. Roman 's departure is n't expected to have any enormous repercussions at Ogilvy . 
Officials fear that any loosening this year could rekindle inflation or further weaken the pound against other major currencies . 
Warner Communications Inc. and Sony Corp. resumed settlement talks on their legal battle over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters , but continued to level strong accusations at each other in legal documents . 
Ogilvy 's chairman , Kenneth Roman , is leaving to take a top post at American Express . 
For several years , Turner Broadcasting System 's Cable News Network has invited viewers to respond nightly to topical issues ( `` Should the U.S. military intervene in Panama ? '' ) , but even the hottest controversies on CNN log only about 10,000 calls . 
`` People tend to see risk primarily on that one dimension , '' says Timothy Kochis , national director of personal financial planning for accountants Deloitte , Haskins & Sells . 
`` We 'd like to do business in America , '' he says . 
That 's a big change from recent years when freight haulage was a bright spot for U.S. productivity , helping to restrain inflation and make U.S. industry more competitive abroad . 
They 're frightened by what they see in New Jersey , and especially Virginia , where pro-life GOP candidates for governor are being pummeled on abortion . 
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany . 
The baccalaureate bonds -- tax-free , offered in small denominations and usually containing a provision that they wo n't be called before maturity -- seem to be tailor-made for college savers . 
The good news -- to fans of stable credit , at least -- is what the rejection says about the state of mind of junk buyers . 
In Europe , business suffered as Federal bought several local companies , only to have the managers quit . 
Against such a backdrop , companies with proven track records of earnings gains of 20 % or so annually have extra appeal . 
An AT&T representative said that the Guadalajara factory will make a full line of answering machines . 
Through the first six months of 1989 , sales had grown about 12 % from the year-earlier period . 
Unilab said its wholly owned MetWest Inc. unit paid $ 25 million in cash , provided $ 30 million in notes and $ 30 million in preferred stock to acquire Central 's labs in the Western U.S. . 
Gaining Big Board issues outnumbered decliners by 1,235 to 355 . 
NASA postponed the liftoff of the space shuttle Atlantis because of rain near the site of the launch pad in Cape Canaveral , Fla . 
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 . 
The company said it has agreed to sell the extrusion division for $ 15 million to R.D. Werner Co. , a closely held firm based in Greenville , Pa . 
`` The reason is that the technology is such that we 're not able to retrofit multi-column structures , '' he said . 
His rhetoric gathered momentum as he rolled into office , affirming his `` firm support of our cause '' during an anti-abortion rally three days after his inauguration last January . 
But as legislative action , they would carry greater weight and would be more difficult to rescind . 
The 249-166 roll call came as the chamber approved a compromise bill allocating $ 17.2 billion to the departments of State , Justice , and Commerce in fiscal 1990 and imposing increased fees on business interests making filings with the government . 
Echo Bay Mines rose 5\/8 to 15 7\/8 ; Pegasus Gold advanced 1 1\/2 to 12 , and Corona Class A gained 1\/2 to 7 1\/2 . 
If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of medical devices , color and food additives and all other non-drug products that required Food & Drug Administration approval . 
He 's the director of the local Planned Parenthood chapter . 
Mr. Taft paid an average of $ 28.43 for each share . 
However , CDs sold through major broker-dealer networks were up slightly almost across the board . 
Graduate students are taking longer than ever to get their doctor of philosophy degrees , the National Research Council says . 
First , the sport you play is no longer a game -- it becomes a job . 
American Home Products , based in New York , agreed to recall four other products , trazadone , doxepin , diazepam and lorazapam , because of concerns about data submitted in their original approval applications before the FDA . 
`` It 's a shocker , '' said Joseph Di Lillo , chairman of Drake Capital Securities , a brokerage firm that has an investment in Qintex Entertainment . 
But Goya Foods Inc. believes it can milk some sales by bucking the trend . 
But administration officials were concerned over the bleak trade report , which showed the deficit in the country 's trade of goods and services swelling to a $ 74 billion annual rate in the third quarter from a $ 51 billion rate in the second quarter . 
All architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work , says John Burgee , whose New York firm is designing the redevelopment of Times Square , `` but we ca n't all carry it to that extreme . '' 
On the Frankfurt Stock Exchange , share prices closed higher in fairly thin trading , as selective buying by foreigners helped propel prices . 
She adds that some technological advances trail those in the U.S. because the Japanese still import basic operating systems from American companies . 
Step 2 examines how four progressively lower budget scenarios would change the baseline and how these changes would affect our national security . 
In January 1988 , the utility filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , allowing it to continue to operate while protected from creditors ' lawsuits . 
Initial cost estimates for the plant , which was to have been built in phases , ranged from $ 1 billion to $ 1.2 billion . 
`` What good is having health insurance , '' she asked , `` when it 's so expensive that it becomes impossible to keep after only one major claim ? 
`` I 'd be destroying myself , '' replies Mr. Korotich , who then asks , `` What would that accomplish ? 
Last week , when her appeal was argued before the Missouri Court of Appeals , her lawyer also relied on the preamble . 
McCormick is a developer and manager of futures-investment limited partnerships . 
It was enjoyable to hear accomplished jazz without having to sit in a smoke-filled club , but like the first half , much of it was easy to take and ultimately forgettable . 
The courts have not defined `` minimal amounts , '' but publishers , I understand , take it to mean about 50 words . 
The naczelnik averts his eyes . 
When supplies are short , it often hands them over only in exchange for milk or grain . 
You might find something , but the chances are low , '' said Michael Ellman , an analyst at Wertheim Schroder & Co . 
These securities are attractive to Japanese investors for three reasons . 
It said it will also offer buyers the option of financing as low as 6.9 % on 24-month loans . 
The Los Angeles media concern said that the year-ago period included a $ 26.5 million gain from the sale of assets , primarily timberlands . 
The company 's board approved the repurchase of up to 45 million common shares , or about 26 % of its shares outstanding , through the end of 1992 . 
`` I 'll stay with BART , '' said one secretary , swallowing her fears about using the transbay tube . 
U.S. District Judge Robert P. Patterson Jr. ordered the FBI to immediately begin processing Herman Benjamin Ferguson 's request for documents stemming from the agency 's investigation of him during the 1960s . 
Lead underwriter to the issue is Toronto Dominion Securities Inc . 
`` It smacks of big brotherism . 
Meanwhile , Sotheby 's guarantee is raising eyebrows in the art world . 
Fastenal Co. , proposed offering of 400,000 common shares by holders , via Robert W. Baird & Co. and William Blair & Co . 
Ms. Bick , the NIH administrator , says the business and scientific community is overreacting to what the agency merely meant to be `` ideas for discussion . '' 
She said they have `` oversimplified and made some erroneous assumptions that make their analysis completely off-base . '' 
Northwest Airlines settled the remaining lawsuits filed on behalf of 156 people killed in a 1987 crash , but claims against the jetliner 's maker are being pursued , a federal judge said . 
Marc M. Goloven , an economist with Manufacturers Hanover Trust in New York , said that while the figures appear to indicate a sadly deteriorating U.S. trade performance , there 's still enough positive news in the data to justify buying dollars . 
Among the conditions of the offer is that Pace shareholders tender a majority of the company 's shares outstanding . 
People close to the investor say that was an experiment he is unlikely to repeat . 
`` There were some business deals that went bad , '' Mr. Jones says , `` but no intent to defraud . '' 
Like Mr. Brown , they sometimes go to surprising lengths to meet that overarching corporate goal : delivering the goods on time . 
Tomorrow , Warner will file another batch of documents contending that `` the essence of everything these guys are saying is basically lies , '' says Warner 's chief outside counsel , Stuart Rabinowitz . 
ATARI CORP. , Sunnyvale , maker of personal computers and software , annual sales of $ 700 million , Amex , had minor damage and expects to be fully operational by tomorrow . 
Prices also rose on almost every other major exchange in Europe , Asia and the Pacific . 
According to the filing , Parsow and Elkhorn are based in Elkhorn , Neb. , and are controlled by the same general partner , Alan S. Parsow . 
This month , Exxon Corp. announced plans for a 400-day project drilling for gas about five miles underground in the Anadarko Basin of western Oklahoma -- the deepest drilling project in the U.S. . 
His was one of two research teams in 1984 to report dual chromosome losses for a rare childhood cancer of the kidney called Wilm 's tumor . 
At Air Products , meanwhile , the mailroom staff opens junk mail and often throws it away -- even if addressed to an individual . 
Softly introducing and explaining his pieces , Mr. Glass looks and sounds more like a shaggy poet describing his work than a classical pianist playing a recital . 
The Iran-Contra judge agreed to allow Poindexter to subpoena the personal papers of ex-President Reagan , ruling that there was sufficient evidence that the data would be important to the defense . 
Exports fell for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record . 
Mr. Gras said the joint venture represents considerable savings for both Renault and DAF , since both companies would in any case have had to renew their existing ranges of light goods vehicles . 
`` But they may pay a price 10 or 20 years in the future . '' 
The bank said reserves now amount to 61 % of its total less-developed-country exposure . 
The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date . 
BanPonce caters to a more affluent customer , while Banco Popular has always had a large presence among middle-income and lower-income markets . 
Mr. Pimlott and Mr. McCarthy join Barclay 's from Kleinwort Benson Ltd. where they served as directors . 
Chemical profits fell to $ 78 million from $ 98 million . 
Americans stay longer with Japanese firms than American companies . 
Worse , her walls move all the time -- at least in this production . 
Losses at its Malapai Resources Co . uranium-mining unit narrowed to $ 3.4 million from $ 18 million a year ago , which included a $ 9 million write-down of utility inventories . 
American Home Products said net income benefited from a `` lower effective tax rate , '' reflecting a reduction of foreign tax rates , and additional operations in Puerto Rico . 
DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP. , Maynard , Mass. , computer maker , annual sales of $ 12.7 billion , NYSE , had structural damage at its San Francisco sales office but no appreciable damage elsewhere in the area , including its Cupertino plant . 
But two weeks ago , Sotheby 's said that it has the painting under lock and key because the loan had not been fully repaid . 
The estimate includes the results of new stores . 
This has increased the risk of the government being forced to increase base rates to 16 % from their current 15 % level to defend the pound , economists and foreign exchange market analysts say . 
And while customers such as steel service centers are continuing to reduce inventories through the fourth quarter , they eventually will begin stocking up again , he notes . 
When Rune Andersson set out to revive flagging Swedish conglomerate Trelleborg AB in the early 1980s , he spurned the advice of trendy management consultants . 
Glenn Cox , Phillips ' president and chief operating officer , and other Phillips officials flew from Bartlesville to assess the damage and determine the cause of the afternoon explosions . 
Another takeover target , LIN Broadcasting , eased 1\/2 to 110 1\/8 on 313,800 shares . 
`` The { buy-out } consortium ceased to exist because our American partners were not capable of organizing the financing , '' a British Air spokesman said . 
Legal strategists say that damage claims against the oil giant and others could well exceed $ 1 billion . 
Crime was the reason that 26 % reported difficulty recruiting personnel and that 19 % said they were considering moving . 
It 's when these rationalizations fall on deaf ears that the old standby of retribution for treatment at the hands of the Ottoman Empire comes to the fore . 
Fees 2 1\/8 . 
Transportation department officials , however , said they were as surprised as anyone by the Cypress destruction . 
In the early 1970s , Mr. Smith modeled his fledgling company on Tiger 's innovation of hub-and-spoke and containerized-cargo operations . 
This is indeed what the market decided . 
Soaring rights fees will lead to an even greater clutter of commercials . 
A spokeswoman said the apparel market troughed in the first half of 1988 , then began showing improvement in the second half of last year . 
First Union , with assets of about $ 32 billion , said it was disappointed by the delay but said it would cooperate with regulatory authorities . 
The announcement of the buy-out 's troubles triggered the market 's nose dive a week ago . 
But Eagle said the financing was insufficient and sales during the past fiscal year sagged . 
Consumers , credit cards in hand , are n't running amok through the shopping malls -- or putting the economy at any great risk . 
For all that , the piece landed unperformed in a dusty archive after Bologna refused to supply a chorus and orchestra . 
`` Investors , '' he adds , `` are getting religion . '' 
The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for small-business loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
All the numbers were adjusted for normal seasonal variations in building activity . 
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar . 
I have plenty more at home . '' 
`` We 're confident we 'll be paying our bills for spring merchandise as well . '' 
Any major attempt to revamp the health-care system is likely to trigger opposition from politically powerful interest groups , particularly the American Medical Association , and perhaps from the public as well , if Congress takes steps that patients fear will limit the availability of care . 
DESPITE GROWING interest in the environment , U.S. consumers have n't shown much interest in refillable packages for household products . 
The steelmaker employs about 16,000 people . 
Robert Robie , 51 , was named to the new positions of vice chairman and chief credit officer . 
Here are four key steps : 
Spiegel promises a `` Guaranteed Christmas , '' with a pledge to deliver goods before Christmas if ordered by Dec. 20 . 
Subscribing schools get the 12-minute daily Channel One news program , whose four 30-second TV ads during each show have drawn protests from educators . 
A former executive agreed that the departures do n't reflect major problems , adding : `` If you see any company that grows as fast as Reebok did , it is going to have people coming and going . '' 
I sense that it 's going to continue to grow . 
Although the big investment bank still dominates the junk market , Drexel has been unable to stem the fallout from growing junk bond defaults , withdrawn new offerings , redemptions by shareholders in junk bond mutual funds and an exodus of once-devoted investors . 
Her sister , Cynthia , wishes Toni had a different job . 
Dow Jones industrials 2653.28 , off 5.94 ; transportation 1199.32 , off 11.38 ; utilities 216.49 , up 1.45 . 
Yesterday , Armstrong reported flat earnings for the third quarter and nine months , worsened by the stock dilution of an employee stock ownership plan adopted earlier this year . 
Delayed financings also would affect the operations of many companies . 
World-wide production would be cut in half by 1998 . 
As for Ford , analysts expect the end of the Saab play will allow the U.S. auto maker to focus its resources on the intensifying struggle with GM for a stake in Jaguar . 
It is building , among other things , a new laser-beam-printer factory in western Japan that can produce up to 150,000 printers next year . 
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years . 
The Packwood proposal would reduce the tax depending on how long an asset was held . 
Their museum had purchased an Attic black-figured column krater and shipped it from London . 
( The company did n't put out a public announcement . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding . 
Wilson H. Taylor , president and chief executive officer of this insurance and financial services concern , was elected to the additional post of chairman . 
Her sister-in-law ( Amy Wright ) is a sniveling prude afraid that Kate will seduce all the married men in town , including a particularly loathsome fellow named Tucker , whose idea of fun is to leave his wife at home tending to her bruises and cigarette burns , while he bullies Kate into a dance that consists of drooling on her while trying to break her ribs . 
State monopolies will keep on stifling trade , `` free '' prices or not , until something else replaces them . 
The industry used 81.6 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.2 % the previous week and 86.2 % a year ago . 
The company said it did n't receive an offer it wanted to accept . 
For the first nine months of the year , Norwood said the average fund has lost 3.3 % . 
This program , combined with cash grants to needy students , would reduce program costs and much more effectively target the intended beneficiaries . 
For the Politburo replaced Mr. Honecker , who had led East Germany for 18 years and before that headed its security apparatus , with a man cut of the same cloth : Egon Krenz , the most recent internal-security chief and a longtime Honecker protege . 
Since he concentrated on the economic folly of such ordinances , he did n't mention certain other of their effects . 
He can match Jackie Mason with his own Robert `` Sonny '' Carson , an angry street organizer who was convicted of kidnapping in 1974 . 
On an office wall of the Senate intelligence committee hangs a quote from Chairman David Boren , `` Do n't hold your ticket 'til the show 's over . '' 
The analysts say their gloomy forecasts have a flip side . 
The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . 
Yesterday , USAir Group Inc. , recently one of the industry 's stellar performers , posted a worse-than-expected $ 77.7 million net loss for the period . 
`` Once people got into it , I was allowing them to live a dream , '' he says . 
The New York Stock Exchange is expected to launch its own program trading vehicle today , just as controversy over this trading strategy heats up . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3392.49 , off 
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago . 
z - Not available . 
Some of the utility 's employees may opt for a four-day workweek , 10 hours a day , to cut the commute by 20 % . 
GAO 's findings are particularly troubling because the FHA has about $ 300 billion in obligations outstanding and had previously been considered one of the most financially secure credit programs . 
The decision was announced after trading ended . 
PENSION AND PROFIT-SHARING RULES : 
The plan , proposed by U.S. Secretary of State Nicholas Brady , calls for banks either to make new loans or to reduce the principle on existing loans or to cut the interest rate on those existing loans . 
Nowhere in the federal securities law is simple negligence or inadvertent action a source of liability under similar circumstances . 
The announcement came as Societe Commerciale , a trading company with activities in more than 40 countries , reported a loss of 320.5 million francs ( $ 51 million ) for the first six months of this year , partly because of provisions on future losses . 
Mevacor , Merck 's new cholesterol-lowering drug , had higher sales than any other prescription medicine has ever achieved in the U.S. in the year following introduction , the company said . 
`` They are becoming more independent . 
Investors expect these shares will be targets of investment trust funds , which often buy small amounts spread across a wide range of issues . 
UAL 's pilots and machinists unions appear to hold the key to any future takeover bid for the airline . 
Volume was 276.8 million shares , beneath the year 's previous low of 280.5 million shares Sept. 25 , the session before the August trade figures were released . 
Revenue was flat at $ 1.3 billion . 
Alltel Corp. said it will acquire the 55 % of Pond Branch Telephone Company Inc. 's cellular franchise that it does n't own already . 
But Citicorp has lost some credibility because it also led the unsuccessful effort to gain bank loans for the labor-management group . 
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring . 
`` But I 'm going to proceed in a more logical way . 
This turn of events has put a big damper on an industry that seemed almost invincible last spring , when fares were rising at double-digit rates and many carriers seemed to be growing fat on near-monopolies in certain markets . 
`` The figures today add further evidence to support the view that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has essentially stalled out at a level of about a $ 110 billion annual rate , '' said Jeffrey Scott , a research fellow at the Institute for International Economics here . 
The Kremlin also has been unwilling to provide hard currency for the auction , using a lot of it instead to finance emergency imports of consumer goods . 
Warner denies such an agreement was made , and disputes the Guber-Peters version of virtually every telephone call and meeting the two sides had on the matter . 
Mr. Allen , who teaches government at prestigious Harvey Mudd College in California and will remain a member of the commission , has spent years arguing that civil rights are individuals ' rights . 
Yet the rowing machine has n't been touched since , even though he has moved it across the country with him twice . 
Mr. Schneider is cool to Georgia Pacific and Abitibi-Price . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 99 25\/32 to yield 8.01 % , compared with 100 1\/32 to yield 7.97 % . 
Mike Metschan , a salesman in Wang 's Austin , Texas , office , has a breezier method : `` We tell them $ 3 billion companies do n't go out of business . 
All agencies are New York-based . 
This month , the Food and Drug Administration expressed concern that Americans might someday , in various forms , ingest too much psyllium . 
His interest in the natural environment dates from his youth . 
Mr. Terrizzi confirms some clients have left Renaissance , but no major ones , and the firm has added new accounts . 
`` Maybe I 'll plant castor-oil seeds . '' 
`` People these days want something else to do besides ski and sit in the bar , '' says Don Borgeson , executive director of Angel Fire , N.M. 's Chamber of Commerce . 
`` They 're trying to keep planes flying on days they 'd normally park them , '' says Roger Bard , president of Mr. Mitchell Travel Service in Burnsville , N.C . 
The largest volume drop -- down 445,645 shares to 141,903 -- came in shares represented by B.A.T Industries PLC 's American depositary receipts . 
He indicated that Ekco may be interested in acquiring another company with revenue in the range of $ 75 million to $ 100 million , partly because mass merchandisers increasingly want to rely on larger , and fewer , suppliers . 
On Oct. 19 , Qintex Entertainment was about to default on a $ 5.9 million payment owed to MCA Inc. in connection with the distribution of a television program . 
But long-term Treasury bonds staged a modest rally , with prices on most issues rising about half a point , or $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
But such thin-slab technology is only the beginning . 
For every brand like Renault or Fiat that has been squeezed out , others such as Isuzu , Daihatsu and Mitsubishi have come in . 
`` Our market got hit a lot harder on Monday than the listed market , '' Mr. Bruno said . 
Mr. Gorbachev is in a much stronger position to pursue the corporatist ideal than was Mussolini , who was never able to influence business giants such as Pirelli and Fiat . 
Timing is of the essence with RU-486 . 
The Hun Sen regime has sent thousands of conscript laborers to die of malaria and malnourishment while building Cambodia 's equivalent of the Berlin Wall near the Thai border . 
All prime-time fare will be on tape-delay because of time differences with Norway , so the results can be announced on the 6 o'clock news . 
She has n't played any music since the earthquake hit , out of respect for those who died on Interstate 880 where the roadway collapsed . 
But Richard Ketchum , the SEC 's market regulation chief , said he did n't believe `` this will spawn dramatic new program-trading strategies that will be destabilizing . '' 
Fortunately , the nations of southern Africa have n't totally surrendered their sovereignty . 
`` This is not your father 's mainframe , '' said Allan McGuire , a Digital spokesman . 
The latest research pact bolsters Du Pont 's growing portfolio of investments in superconductors . 
If they were really getting insurance against environmental disaster , the price would be cheap . 
Had the suit been filed in time , they said , `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' would have been suppressed . 
Yet for all his cynicism , he 's at heart a closet idealist , a softy with a secret crush on truth , justice and the American Way . 
\* Not counting dividends 
Precious Metals 
Georgia-Pacific fell 2 1\/2 to 50 7\/8 , but most paper and forest-products stocks firmed as market players speculated about other potential industry takeover targets . 
Some of America 's biggest trading partners gave a quick thumbs-down to a U.S. proposal to liberalize world trade and reduce farm-product subsidies . 
The banking company could n't be reached to comment beyond a written announcement . 
When the swaying of the building woke me up , I reasoned that a ) I was in Southern California ; b ) the bed was moving ; c ) it must be a Magic Fingers bed that had short-circuited . 
Three companies , Esso Resources Canada Ltd. , Shell Canada Ltd. and Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. , applied to the Canadian National Energy Board to export 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta natural gas over 20 years starting in 1996 . 
He promises that Nissan will soon establish a holding company overseeing all U.S. operations , just as it 's doing in Europe . 
In France , more than half the top 25 blue-chip stocks -- including such giants as BSN and Elf Aquitaine -- did n't open until Wall Street rallied late in the European trading day , traders say . 
When the shah died , President Carter was so scared that the shah 's ghost would blame him for shoving him out to make way for the ayatollah that he declared the Carter Doctrine . 
In today 's computer networks , some machines often sit idle while others are overtaxed . 
Ingersoll President Robert M. Jelenic said in a statement that the company is `` delighted by the conclusion of the Goodson relationship '' and will be able to `` concentrate all our energies '' on Ingersoll 's own papers . 
Textron said that nine-months ' results do n't include earnings of Avdel PLC , a British maker of industrial fasteners , but do include interest costs of $ 16.4 million on borrowings related to the proposed purchase of Avdel . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : 
`` Smoking prevention programs should reach larger segments of the population , especially children , adolescents and minorities . '' 
Their effort to run him out of Washington is an embarrassment to the original purpose of their own movement . 
Mr. Volk , 55 years old , succeeds Duncan Dwight , who retired in September . 
Most public-health measures were handled at the local level . 
The usual warning signs of hypoglycemia include sweating , anxiety and cramps . 
Nikko 's Mr. Conlon fears a huge wave of Treasury borrowing early next month will drive down Treasury bond prices . 
Because they want a truck that is `` Texas tough , '' the commercial concludes , `` Texans drive Chevy . '' 
Yesterday 's edition misstated the percentage increase . 
Ke Zaishuo , head of China 's delegation to a Chinese-British Liaison Committee on Hong Kong , accused Britain of trying to impose a fait accompli and said , `` This is something we can not accept . '' 
Written by Barbara Benedek , co-author of `` The Big Chill , '' `` Immediate Family '' takes the position that only rich people living in nice houses should have children . 
Partly , costs will be held down through strategic technology alliances , management said . 
Russell Borner of Park Ridge , N.J. , says he has been working for the past year at a huge chemical and manufacturing concern in New York -- unbeknownst to the company 's executives . 
In centering on the disruption of a few proud local customs such as the historic homes tour and the damage to the antiquities , your reporter served to only perpetuate an outdated and stereotypically provincial view of this otherwise thriving port city . 
Assistant U.S. Attorney Randy Mastro , who headed the government 's racketeering case against the International Brotherhood of Teamsters , will join Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher in its New York office . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Investors have complained for some time about program trading , particularly index arbitrage , to little avail . 
It announced a 52 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year . 
Several other Japanese companies and regional governments have sent aid to San Francisco . 
Each time a new scandal hits , he says , `` it pulls the scabs off your knees . '' 
Put March 31 , 1992 , at a fixed 107 3\/4 to yield 3.43 % . 
The judge says he is confident he will return to his old bench . 
The changes come as Reebok , which grew rapidly in the mid-1980s but has seen its sales flatten of late , is seeking to regain momentum in the athletic-shoe business against rivals Nike Inc. and L.A. Gear Inc . 
Estimates on how much pulp prices will fall next year currently run between $ 150 and $ 250 a metric ton . 
Par Pharmaceutical Inc. said it named its interim president and chief executive officer , Kenneth I. Sawyer , to those posts permanently , and elected him to the board . 
`` It 's going to get bloody . '' 
We did n't expect BellSouth to be so responsive , '' said Frederick A. Moran , president of Moran Asset Management Inc. , which holds 500,000 LIN shares . 
On the corporate side , companies claim that monitoring employee phone conversations is both legal and necessary to gauge productivity and ensure good service . 
The owners of a 32-acre hotel and office complex in King of Prussia , Pa. , have advertised for new financing . 
Now , according to a Kidder World story about Mr. Megargel , all the firm has to do is `` position ourselves more in the deal flow . '' 
Under guidelines included in an exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence panel last year , the U.S. must inform foreign dictators of plans likely to endanger their lives . 
The Internal Revenue Service plans to restructure itself more like a private corporation . 
`` We 've been spending a lot of time in Los Angeles talking to TV production people , '' says Mike Parks , president of Call Interactive , which supplied technology for both ABC Sports and NBC 's consumer minutes . 
On Main Street , Alida Verwoerd and her daughters look after the clothes and fabric shop , then hurry home to fix lunch for the rest of the family . 
`` We are seeing such exercises today , in fact . 
Mr. Brawer , along with Mrs. Coleman and her daughter , Elizabeth , an attorney who is vice chairman , are the family members involved in the operations of Maidenform , which employs about 5,000 . 
If all the debt is converted to common , Automatic Data will issue about 3.6 million shares ; last Monday , the company had nearly 73 million shares outstanding . 
`` They 've got a lot of different balls in the air at the same time , '' observes Jim Poyner , a computer securities analyst with Dallas-based William K. Woodruff & Co . 
In Toronto Stock Exchange trading , Bank of Montreal closed at C$ 33.25 , up 87.5 Canadian cents . 
David Mullins , assistant secretary of the Treasury , said that the working capital is necessary to reduce the final costs of the bailout , by allowing the agency to sell savings and loans without their bad assets , then hold the assets until they can be sold under favorable conditions . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Sales increased 6 % to $ 5.58 billion from $ 5.27 billion . 
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . '' 
But as one expert tells me : `` Whoever it is will have to work pretty damn hard to be worse than Barre . '' 
DIET COKE : 
The Fed should guard against systemic risk , but not against the risks inherent in individual stocks . 
U.S. officials , however , said they are n't buying the Israeli argument . 
`` Babies , kiddies , '' growls their manager -- a fellow named Earl Weaver , who , in a different time , handled four World Series teams and now handles the Gold Coast Suns . 
But of course the Democrats pillorying HUD in hearings and in the press have no such solution in mind . 
In the past , says Armco 's chief economist John Corey , steelmakers made a product and set it out on the loading dock . 
The airline was the most active FT-SE 100 at 8.2 million shares traded . 
The two could n't be reached for comment . 
The legislation failed by one vote to clear the House Rules Committee Tuesday , but anti-abortionists still may succeed in bringing the measure to the floor this fall . 
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities . 
The slowdown raises questions about the economy 's strength because spending fueled much of the third-quarter GNP growth . 
AIDS dementia -- which gradually steals children 's ability to speak , walk and think -- is often the most striking aspect of the pediatric syndrome . 
And although criticism of futures generally comes from Wall Street , one Chicago futures trader notes that brokerage firms rely on futures as hedging tools when they buy and sell big blocks of stocks from institutions . 
When a House-Senate conference on yesterday 's bill rescinded $ 11.8 million in unexpended funds for a Fort Worth , Texas , economic development project backed by former Speaker James Wright , Sen. Phil Gramm ( R. , Texas ) insisted last week that the money be preserved . 
`` Blondes , cocaine and Corvettes , '' mutters Mr. McClelland . 
Nam Angels shows Angels fighting with each other and also depicts them as showing no remorse when a member is killed . 
In September , DWG , a Miami Beach , Fla. , holding company controlled by financeer Victor Posner , rejected an offer from a group of Arby 's franchisees to acquire Arby 's for $ 200 million . 
Perhaps most exciting , the device is thrusting open a window to the workings of the brain . 
The new dividend rate is payable Nov. 15 to holders of record Oct. 31 . 
In an Oct. 19 letter to A.P. Green 's board , East Rock said the offer is subject to the signing of a merger agreement by no later than Oct. 31 . 
The next day , as she prepares a $ 10,000 check for the Hammacks , which will cover the cost of demolishing the house and clearing away the debris , she jumps at the slightest noise . 
Mayhap this metaphorical connection made the BPC Fine Arts Committee think she had a literal green thumb . 
High-definition television promises to be the TV of tomorrow , so it is a natural multibillion-dollar market . 
It is a bureaucratic country . 
The Ginnie Mae issue rose amid talk of large purchases of the securities by institutional investors . 
More than 100,000 claims against Robins are pending . 
What you want to know is when the road 's rough , when there 's snow and ice , how 's this car going to perform ? '' 
`` At the end of the third quarter , there was still no evidence of renewed home building in response to the midyear decline of mortgage rates , '' Mr. Christie said . 
I fell asleep on the lobby floor , next to a man wearing a Chicago Cubs jacket . 
The main advantage of a convertible mortgage is that it is not a sale and therefore does not trigger costly transfer taxes and reappraisal . 
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public-relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. and Tandem Computers Inc. also signaled that they should recover quickly . 
How can we turn this situation around ? 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
Capitalism may now be engineered to withstand sudden shocks , but there are fault lines -- the crisis in profits , the assault on wages , the structural inequity of the system -- that make fools of those who claim that the future is here and that history is over . 
San Antonio , Texas -- $ 575 million of electric and gas system revenue refunding bonds , Series 1989 , 1989A and 1989B , tentatively priced by a First Boston Corp. group to yield from 6.15 % in 1991 to 7.30 % in 2009 . 
And you thought the only reason to save your canceled checks was to prepare for an IRS audit . 
Also , it was not a funny time over here , what with the Vietnam War , the '68 Democratic convention , assassinations and riots . 
Pachinko is slightly on the shady side , often linked to the lower ranks of Japan 's underworld and regularly at the top of annual lists of tax evaders . 
Senate Republicans , after repeatedly failing to attach death-penalty amendments to unrelated legislation , have finally gotten a full-blown death-penalty bill through committee . 
SELL ` WHISPER ' STOCKS . 
The American Bowling Congress claims a higher percentage of the public bowls regularly , but concedes its membership has declined this decade . 
The trading halt in the S&P 500 futures exacerbated selling and confusion , many traders maintain . 
Net was $ 3.1 million , or 16 cents a share , up from $ 1.6 million , or nine cents a share . 
The write-off will be reported as an extraordinary item in the company 's 1989 operating results . 
American Medical International N.V. : Guaranteed Euroissues to Ba3 from Baa2 . 
Last year 's drop in export credit was partially offset by a 15 % surge in lending to individuals and small and medium-sized companies . 
`` They still bear the memory of October 1987 , when they bought gold after the stock market crashed and ended up losing money because gold prices subsequently fell , '' Mr. Nichols said . 
The consultants help the defense lawyers find such jurors by asking questions about potential jurors ' attitudes toward volunteer work , or toward particular movies or books . 
In the so-called two-stroke engines , which are expected to get sharply higher gas mileage , each piston goes up and down only once to provide power . 
The wait was miserable . 
Mr. Bergsma said prices for U.S. pharmaceutical companies remain too high , making it unlikely that Akzo will pursue any major acquisitions in that area . 
Mr. Bush asked Congress to raise to $ 6 billion from $ 3 billion the amount of money Defense Secretary Dick Cheney may shift among the Pentagon 's individual programs , projects and activities , allowing him to ease the pain that the Gramm-Rudman budget law was intended to inflict . 
Competition is intensifying as larger companies invade a mountain-bike market Mr. Sinyard 's company once had virtually all to itself . 
The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P , according to the lead underwriter . 
`` Of course it 's better to sell private , '' he says , as the butcher trundles away . 
Revenue rose slightly to $ 3.8 billion from $ 3.7 billion . 
Banco Popular de Puerto Rico and BanPonce Corp. -- agreed to merge in a transaction valued at $ 324 million . 
Foreign debt falling outside the net of affected indebtedness -- which Mr. Stahl estimated at $ 12 billion -- would remain not subject to the debt arrangements . 
The figures came a day after the government released a report showing that consumer spending propelled U.S. economic expansion in the third quarter while -- on an inflation-adjusted basis -- business investment slowed , government spending declined , and exports were flat . 
Though Silicon Graphics is much smaller than Digital , Hewlett and Sun , it has emerged in recent years as a feared adversary in this graphics portion of the workstation market . 
Now , annual population growth is running at about 2 % a year , some desert tracts bought three years ago for $ 90,000 an acre are being sold at $ 25,000 an acre and Phoenix has a seven-year supply of unoccupied office space . 
As president , Mr. Lung , 42 years old , succeeds his father , Mervin D. Lung , 66 , who founded the company in 1959 . 
Mr. Roberti concedes that since the $ 750 million takeover , `` sales growth has n't been dramatic . '' 
Dow , of Midland , Mich. , said its unit will begin by Thursday a tender offer of $ 12.25 a share for all PSE common shares outstanding . 
NORDSTROM INC. , Seattle , retailer , annual sales $ 2.33 billion , OTC , five of this 59-store chain 's nine stores in the Bay Area were closed yesterday , damage appears primarily cosmetic , hopes to reopen four of the stores by today and the fifth by Saturday . 
But the guy is so personally decent , people tend to forget that . '' 
Meanwhile , fewer than 10 % of the healthy cells were killed . 
They said the agreement will be submitted to their respective supervisory boards next Wednesday . 
But the ever-changing laws are usually so complicated and confusing that `` you need professionals to help you ; you ca n't do it yourself , '' he adds . 
In addition to increasing costs as a result of greater financial exposure for members , these measures could have other , far-reaching repercussions . 
You 're looking at a guy whose motorcade was attacked in Bolivia by the drug terrorists , so I 'm personally a veteran of this war . 
It gave 1,124 businesses a questionnaire and analyzed 353 responses . 
The purchases increased his stake to 16.2 % of the shares outstanding . 
Construction of the 265,000-square-foot facility will begin next year , with production expected to start in late 1991 . 
At a recent White House meeting , Rep. Silvio Conte ( R. , Mass. ) , the ranking minority member of the House Appropriations Committee , argued with his friend Mr. Bush against a veto , and though Mr. Conte and Minority Leader Robert Michel of Illinois stood with the president yesterday , they are plainly uncomfortable with his position . 
His election increases Ryder 's board to 14 members . 
Alltel holds 45 % of the franchise , which has operations in Aiken , S.C. , and Augusta , Ga . 
On the civil side , the Manhattan prosecutor filed an average of only 11 cases for every 100,000 adults during the same period ; the San Francisco U.S. attorney averaged 79 . 
Brokerage firms as a rule do n't comment on their market activity . 
Money , such as in Recruit 's political donations , and women , as in the cases of Prime Minister Sosuke Uno and Secretary General Tokuo Yamashita , seldom have caused political scandals in Japan . 
Dresdner Bank said it will also buy all shares tendered by shareholders on the Paris Stock Exchange at the same price from today through Nov. 17 . 
Meanwhile , his big losses , for instance in 1987 's crash , generally have been trading losses . 
Both Jacobson traders , who had been hoping UAL trading would get back to normal , read the news about the unraveling of UAL takeover plans on the train into work yesterday morning . 
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions . 
Several observers interpreted Mr. Dozen 's appointment as an attempt by Daiwa to make its international operations more profitable while preparing the firm for the effects of the continuing deregulation of Japan 's domestic markets , which should mean increased competition . 
He spent most of his career formulating marketing strategies , but became best-known for chipping away at ad agency compensation . 
In contrast , a student loan program that was meant solely to correct capital-market imperfections would allow loans for any student , regardless of family income , at market or near-market rates . 
The executives were accused of improperly deferring expenses and booking revenue early , in an effort to dress up results -- and perhaps bolster performance-related bonuses . 
Police in Prague raided an international meeting on human rights , detaining Czechoslovakia 's former foreign minister , Jiri Hajak , and 14 other activists . 
`` I care very much for this post , '' he says . 
`` This technique is applicable to a wide variety of crops , '' he said , and added that some modifications may be necessary to accommodate the peculiarities of each type of crop . 
The apartment she shares with a 12-year-old daughter and her sister was rattled , books and crystal hit the floor , but nothing was severely damaged . 
Wilfred American Educational Corp. said a federal grand jury in Boston indicted the operator of cosmetology and business schools for mail fraud . 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
This happens because the FAA does n't have any rules on duty time for flight attendants ; by contrast , it strictly restricts duty time for pilots and air traffic controllers , usually to a maximum of 10 consecutive hours . 
He adds that the company is trying to keep up with demand `` by overworking '' its employees . 
Mr. Rahn was shocked , telephoning the office of Richard Darman , director of the Office of Management and Budget , and the administration 's chief strategist on this issue . 
AEW has $ 3.5 billion of real estate investments nationwide , according to a spokesman . 
Just yesterday , New Hampshire announced it made a $ 75,000 settlement with Drexel , a record-tying fine for a securities-law matter in that state . 
Mr. Fournier also noted that Navigation Mixte joined Paribas 's core of shareholders when Paribas was denationalized in 1987 , and said it now holds just under 5 % of Paribas 's shares . 
William Bennett , the White House drug-policy director , accused local officials in the Washington area of blocking construction of prison facilities to house convicted drug dealers . 
`` The croaker 's done gone from the hook -- 
She charged ahead of the government and the law to establish Hochiminh City Food Co. as the biggest rice dealer in the country . 
New York Times Co. said net income rose in the third quarter because of a one-time gain on the sale of the company 's cable-TV system . 
Cipher Data said Mr. Marinaro consequently has resigned from those posts and from the company 's board . 
`` Guys were minting money in there today , '' said John Legittino , a futures broker for Elders Futures Inc. in Chicago . 
The contract settled at $ 1,014 a ton , off $ 13 . 
In the two-part offering , $ 151 million of senior subordinated reset notes were priced at 99.75 and carried a rate of 13 3\/4 % , while the $ 100 million of senior subordinated floating rate notes were priced to float at 4.25 percentage points above the London Interbank Offered Rate , or LIBOR . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
Such an embarrassment of riches was inconceivable to the man who discovered the Burgess Shale , one Charles Doolittle Walcott . 
`` We are going to explode lower , '' says the flamboyant market seer , who had a huge following a few years back . 
We do not see anything in the fundamentals of our business that would cause us to change our strategy of investing for profitable growth . '' 
The company expects to work a ship due in today with minimal delays , despite sporadic power . 
Mr. Bennett declared in April that he would make Washington a `` test case '' for how the Bush administration would aid cities afflicted by heavy drug trafficking and violence . 
Now , in fact , he is predicting economic growth of 2.9 % this year and 2.1 % next year , a more optimistic outlook than the consensus of some four dozen top forecasters surveyed by Blue Chip Economic Indicators newsletter . 
Now Bond Corp. has agreed to sell at least half its Australian brewing assets . 
The dollar rose modestly against most major currencies . 
Control Data , based in Minneapolis , Minn. , expects its sales of Mips systems , including the new RC6280 , to amount to more than $ 100 million by the end of 1991 , Mips said . 
The costs of crime may also be enough to destroy a struggling business . 
Most are anchored by a K mart store . 
I do n't believe they have the culture '' to adequately service high-net-worth individuals , he adds . 
Mitsubishi built the government 's dream development , the story goes , in exchange for the official decision to locate Tokyo 's central railway station there . 
And before it does , they 're trying to cut back on the clutter that created the situation in the first place . 
$ 75.1 million , two-part offering of bonds apparently was won by a Merrill Lynch Capital Markets group . 
He would n't specify what it was . 
Although we were white , the same economic factors affected us as affects the black people Mr. Farney writes about . 
( Impressionist and modern paintings , not tracked by Salomon , are ranked even higher at 74 % by Sotheby 's . ) 
Viacom Broadcasting Inc. definitively agreed to acquire KOFY ( AM ) and KOFY-FM in San Francisco for about $ 19.5 million from Pacific FM Inc . 
Mr. Boies , the first lawyer to use Mr. Vinson 's services , cautions against courts ' allowing extensive jury questioning ( known as voir dire ) or giving out personal information about the jurors . 
Now , Mr. Guzman Cabrera is facing accusations that he 's as much a company man as La Quina was a crook . 
Thus the very fickleness of baby boomers may make it possible to win them back , just as it was possible to lose them . 
Although it 's unclear how much exposure the London market will face , U.K. underwriters traditionally have a large reinsurance exposure to U.S. catastrophe coverage . 
Texas Air , which owns Continental and Eastern airlines , lost 3\/8 to 13 1\/8 on the American Stock Exchange . 
( In other words , after some highly visible dithering and public airing of differences , the administration has come down on the side of those who believe that what we are witnessing from Berlin to Siberia is a good thing to be welcomed , rather than a new thing to be feared or viewed with suspicion . ) 
As the book begins , a newly wed Marlowe roars into the desert resort of Poodle ( a.k.a . Palm ) Springs at the wheel of a Cadillac Fleetwood . 
NBC , a unit of General Electric Co. , has n't decided on a permanent replacement for the canceled series . 
The transaction will give Tandy a well-known European computer brand that includes 2,700 dealers and distributors marketing to medium-sized business and educational institutions . 
People did n't believe we were in tune with the marketplace , and in many ways we were n't . '' 
The counter-argument , which he has heard , is that if he and his fellow Democrats are successful in killing the president 's proposal , the revenue gap will open up tremendously in 1990 because of the weakened economy . 
In his statement , Mr. Wolf said , `` We continue to believe our approach is sound , and that it is far better for all employees than the alternative of having an outsider own the company with employees paying for it just the same . '' 
But it does n't always work so smoothly . 
Rather , the two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years , with a nearly five-year-old moratorium on new dual listings , separate and different listing requirements , differing trading and settlement guidelines and diverging national-policy aims . 
`` This is designed to get the wagons in a circle and defend the smoking franchise . '' 
The rub , he says , is that `` the junk market is n't as deep '' as before . 
VARIAN ASSOCIATES INC. , Palo Alto , instrumentation and semiconductor equipment company , annual sales of $ 1.3 billion , had only minor damage and no slowdowns were anticipated . 
Plans are under way to open a Tiffany 's in Hawaii to cater to Japanese tourists ; it will be run mostly by Mitsukoshi . 
Under that approach , countries with the most unused oil capacity would get bigger shares of any future increases in OPEC 's production ceiling than they would under the current system . 
A capital-gains tax cut plan has been worked out by Senate Republicans . 
Other funds have been designed to concentrate on stocks in a geographic area in order to encourage local investment . 
Bids totaling $ 425 million were submitted . 
Meanwhile , net at GM 's finance arm , General Motors Acceptance Corp. , fell 3.1 % . 
SharesBase Corp. said it will reduce its 221-person work force by about 25 % , effective tomorrow , in an effort to stem continuing losses . 
April 16 , 1987 : 
Another anti-Turkish hook is the Islamic faith of the majority of the Turkish people : Turkey , we are told , is not a Christian nation ; its people simply wo n't fit in with the Western European Judeo-Christian tradition . 
He said Western Digital has reacted swiftly to the movement to video graphics array , VGA , graphics technology from the old enhanced graphics adapter , EGA , which has a lower resolution standard , technology and now is one of the leading producers of these newer units . 
Both features appealed most to buyers under 45 . 
Outlays for the month totaled $ 105.39 billion , up from $ 87.57 billion a year earlier . 
Its popularity was due to speculation about the strong earnings potential of a new type of plastic wrap for household use , a trader at County Natwest Securities Japan said . 
When a certain class of investment performs so poorly that its reputation is tarnished , look for Wall Street to give it a new moniker . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , the company closed yesterday at $ 57.125 a share , up $ 3.125 . 
AG is hardly alone in its anxiety . 
The ratings service said the downgrades reflect the continued slide in the company 's financial condition . 
Mrs. Allen is a senior editor of Insight magazine . 
Yet some funds have pulled in their horns . 
In another setback yesterday , United 's machinist union asked the Treasury Department to investigate whether certain aspects of the original buy-out proposal violated tax laws . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Edelman said from Sept. 29 to Oct. 13 , he acquired 309,500 shares of Intelogic common shares for $ 2.25 to $ 2.375 each . 
Now Robert Parker , author of several best sellers featuring Spenser , a contemporary private eye in the Marlowe mold , has with the blessings of the Chandler estate been hired to complete `` The Poodle Springs Story . '' 
But some holders of the Western Union notes expect the company to propose a more-attractive debt swap that will give them a substantial equity stake in the company . 
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . '' 
Almost all of us in comparable circumstances might be victimized in some way , '' says Jerald Jellison , a psychology professor at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles . 
That was followed by three months at the Aetna Institute in Hartford , where she was immersed in learning how to read and interpret policies . 
An official at Wako Securities said these investors feel the need to make quick profits , despite destabilizing external factors , such as political uncertainty tied to the ruling party 's fate at next year 's Lower House elections - an event which could directly affect the stock market . 
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co . 
At PaineWebber Inc. , they are `` investment executives . '' 
The two men are planning joint visits to a number of clients to attempt to smoothly hand over the reins . 
He says his son has n't paid for the shares . 
Harvard 's Laurence Tribe was the constitutional heavy , laying out legal strategies for the senators and witnesses to follow . 
According to the suit , Mr. Peterson has yet to return the plaintiffs ' investment . 
This helps explain the triple-A rating enjoyed by our bonds and our ability to borrow $ 9.3 billion in fiscal 1989 on the most advantageous terms . 
The new facility is expected to begin operations in early 1991 . 
In the fiscal nine months ended June 30 , reports Raymond P. Keenan , assistant commissioner for collection , they examined about 13,000 employers , assessed more than $ 67 million in delinquent employment taxes , and reclassified about 56,000 workers as employees instead of self-employed contractors . 
But home-building stocks were a mixed bag . 
`` Such other amounts will be made available subsequently as required , '' the legislation reads , and the new obligations `` shall not be a charge against the Budget Act , Gramm-Rudman-Hollings , or other ceilings . 
IBM plans to unveil over 50 software products on Tuesday to try to end some of the problems in computerizing manufacturing operations . 
Trelleborg 's internationally traded `` Bfree '' series stock plunged SKr29 ( $ 4.48 ) to SKr205 ( $ 31.65 ) in volatile trading Monday in Stockholm . 
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said . 
Munching pizza when they could and yelling until their voices gave out , the two Benjamin Jacobson specialists at the Big Board 's UAL trading post yesterday presided over what can only be described as a financial free-for-all . 
Steve Jobs took a step back from the frontier of personal-computer technology in an effort to spur sales of Next Inc. 's new machine . 
But investors are betting that the financial and psychological impact of the earthquake , coming so soon after the hurricane , will help stem more than two years of intense price-cutting wars among business insurers . 
Gold stocks are n't cheap on this basis , either , with many selling for 20 times earnings or more . 
`` One team pays so much and the other pays more . 
That is typically about a three-week window . 
By a lopsided 401-18 margin , the chamber rejected an effort to waive Gramm-Rudman for purposes of addressing the two disasters , and budget analysts estimate the increased appropriations will widen the fiscal 1990 deficit by at least $ 1.44 billion unless offsetting spending cuts or new revenues are found by Congress . 
In addition , economists are forecasting a slowdown in foreign direct investments as businessmen become increasingly wary of China 's deteriorating political and economic environment . 
Revenue was $ 4.75 billion , up 6 % from $ 4.49 billion . 
Mr. Johnson , 45 years old , has been a consultant on strategy to Fannie Mae for the past 3 1\/2 years . 
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker . 
I 've invited the president to send his suggestions to the committee . '' 
Because of the quake threat , `` some firms have evaluated what the cost is to shore up their buildings and compared it with the cost of building it elswehere , '' he said . 
`` There has to be better coordination on a regulatory basis , '' said Christopher Pedersen , director of trading at Twenty-First Securities Corp . 
It does n't have an internal floppy disk drive , although a snap-on drive can be purchased separately . 
The new market helped boost U.S. fur sales to about $ 1.8 billion a year now , triple the level in the late 1970s . 
American Cyanamid is a Wayne , N.J. , chemicals , drugs and fertilizer concern . 
So you get an idea of the leverage there and elsewhere that our market for drugs has brought about . 
Neither state has settled , and officials in the two states wo n't discuss their reasons for not doing so . 
Mr. Foret , 44 , is a 15-year veteran of Texas Air and Texas International Airlines , its predecessor . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
`` If you want to cut through the clutter , you have to make your message as distinct , sharp and individual as possible . 
His study showed that junk bonds over time had a cumulative default rate of 34 % . 
`` I 'm happy that he feels positively about our company , '' he said . 
In addition , investors ' desire to hold stocks -- directly and through mutual funds -- has held surprisingly steady ; stocks ' importance among assets largely reflects the ups and downs of the stock market , and not a shift in stock-holding preferences . 
The local government is discredited in the eyes of many residents for a variety of reasons , and congressmen read the same newspapers and watch the same TV newscasts as other people in the area do . 
In the end his move was sparked by remarks in excerpts from Sir Alan 's autobiography in The American Economist , a 10,000-circulation academic journal . 
Renault and DAF are expected to invest a total of about three billion French francs ( $ 157.8 million ) in the venture , including FFr 1 billion for design and development costs . 
In two of three years , the actual result should fall within that range if all the assumptions were accurate . 
Mr. Edelman said the decision `` has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman . '' 
At the time , Japan had just opened its doors to the world after about 250 years of isolation and needed a Western-style business center . 
Profits of Shell , a subsidiary of the Royal Dutch\/Shell Group , tumbled $ 24 million , or 6.6 % , to $ 340 million , despite a gain of $ 30 million from an insurance settlement . 
Apple recently hired its first Japanese president , luring away an official of Toshiba 's European operations , as well as a whole Japanese top-management team . 
Although the pilots are expected to continue to pursue the bid , UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf may be asked to withdraw from the buy-out effort , at least temporarily , and to return to running the company full time . 
Jewelry Makers Copy Cosmetics Sales Ploys 
Analysts believe Cathay is approached for such swaps by other carriers on a regular basis , particularly as the popularity of share exchanges has grown among European carriers . 
`` You ca n't give it up that easily , '' he says . 
Maybe we should ask why it was that Du Pont so quickly capitulated and issued a statement , giving it wide publicity , that it was withdrawing CFCs . 
`` The main feature of the new organization is that each local manager will have both the authority and accountability for profitable and technically sound operations , '' said Charles E. Spruell , president of the Mobil unit . 
The government will try to sell all the real estate managed by the Federal Asset Disposition Association in one fell swoop , said William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp . 
Analysts were troubled by signs of flat U.S. orders at the computer maker . 
During the latter part of the 19th century , Russia was on a gold standard and had gold reserves representing more than 100 % of its outstanding currency , but no one outside Russia used rubles . 
However , it does n't give much of a clue as to whether a recession is on the horizon . 
Michael Hays , head of ProBody Fitness , notes an industry `` wash '' is in progress . 
This must be the last big stretch of the American seacoast that is `` undeveloped . '' 
Japan 's wholesale prices in the first 10 days of October fell 0.3 % from the previous 10 days but rose 3.3 % from a year ago , the Bank of Japan said . 
Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. unit may plead guilty this week to charges that it illegally steered company money to politicians through outside vendors , according to individuals close to an investigation of the utility holding company . 
International Forest , Western Forest , and Fletcher Challenge Canada are Vancouver-based forest products concerns . 
Mr. Schuman 's `` Violin Concerto , '' which sounds more like a mildly atonal rhapsody for solo violin with orchestral accompaniment , meanders until the propulsive `` Agitato , fervente . '' 
Previously , patent cases moved through the court system to one of the 12 circuit appeals courts . 
Richard Secord , the retired Air Force general felled in the Iran-Contra scandal , is all but ruined -- forced to sell his Virginia home and pull his kids out of college , according to a recent fund-raising appeal sent out on his behalf . 
It was during those hearings that the nation first learned the breadth and depth of Gen. Noriega 's criminality , and of his enduring relationships with a variety of U.S. government agencies . 
As Mr. Reagan 's running mate , though , Mr. Bush plunged headlong into the anti-abortion position , endorsing a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion . 
Kidder Peabody does program trading for its own as well as clients ' accounts . 
But Mr. Zoeller also acknowledges that consultants can be very effective . 
Each 5,000 mark bond carries one warrant and one certificate for four warrants , exercisable from Dec. 18 , 1989 , to Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % above the closing share price when prices are fixed Oct. 30 . 
The decision to accept Credit Agricole 's bid , valued at 283.3 billion lire ( $ 207.4 million ) , came after a stormy weekend meeting . 
Prior to the introduction of financial futures in the late 1970s , most trading firms clustered around the LaSalle Street financial district here were family operations handed down from one generation to the next . 
The tentative settlement between Gulf Power , a Pensacola , Fla. , electric company , and federal prosecutors would mark the end of one part of a wide-ranging inquiry of Southern Co. in the past year . 
In `` Mad Rush , '' which came from a commission to write a piece of indeterminate length ( Mr. Glass charmingly , and tellingly , confessed that `` this was no problem for me '' ) , an A section alternates with a B section several times before the piece ends unresolved . 
Occidental said oil and gas earnings fell to $ 17 million from $ 20 million . 
Ernst & Young said Eastern 's plan would miss projections by $ 100 million . 
( They are Grace Energy Corp. of Dallas and Marine Drilling Co. of Houston . ) 
Earnings at the department-store division , which generates the bulk of profit , should remain at least stable , while income at the mail-order and tourism units is likely to fall slightly from 1988 , the company said . 
Such attitudes have given Federal flexibility , not only to rapidly implement new technology but to keep its work force extraordinarily lean . 
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back-pay grievance before the arbitrator . 
My response was that sports rarely are important , only diverting , and the quake merely highlighted that fact . 
`` I 've never met a ghost that could n't be explained away by perfectly natural means , '' he says . 
Even lobbyists for heavy industry , one of the interests hit hardest in the 1986 bill , are encouraged . 
They should never be on . 
Now that Vietnam appears to have pulled out its occupation army , the State Department is talking again about accepting an `` interim '' coalition government in the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh . 
The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older from July 7 to July 15 , 1989 . 
And Detroit 's Big Three auto makers say their systems are still under development . 
Real-estate interests , for example , are protesting an omission in President Bush 's capital-gains proposal : It does n't include real-estate gains . 
The accord , which covers $ 52.7 billion of Mexico 's medium - and long-term debt , is expected to go into effect in early 
Mr. Fournier said the large institutions that hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital all strongly support him , but some analysts said they are n't so sure . 
Because wholesale energy prices shot up by a steep 6.5 % last month , many analysts expected energy prices to rise at the consumer level too . 
A reintegrated Europe implies big changes in 40-year-old military and economic policies . 
During the late 1970s , he was part of a musical `` brat pack '' -- a group of budding virtuosos who studied at the Juilliard School with the noted pedagogue Dorothy DeLay . 
These items were partly offset , MCA said , by an unspecified gain on the sale of its Miller International unit , a maker and distributor of budget-priced audio cassettes . 
`` North , '' the document went on , referring to Oliver North , `` has told Noriega 's representative that U.S. law forbade such actions . 
Healthcare has given HealthVest a 12 % note for that overdue amount , to be repaid over three years . 
Great American said it increased its loan-loss reserves by $ 93 million after reviewing its loan portfolio , raising its total loan and real estate reserves to $ 217 million . 
Ford officials said they expected the two Merkurs would sell about 15,000 cars a year , and in 1988 they reached that goal , as sales hit 15,261 cars . 
Amerada Hess and Occidental Petroleum had gains . 
He adds that `` they were aware of the propensity for earthquakes and the San Andreas Fault . '' 
Same store-sales for Kentucky Fried Chicken , which has struggled with increased competition in the fast-food chicken market and a lack of new products , rose only 1 % . 
In addition to supporting the landmark Roe vs. Wade Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion , Mr. Bush said he opposed the constitutional ban on abortion that Mr. Reagan was promising to promote . 
The problems were uncovered during a series of internal investigations of the company 's Space Systems division , which has been the focus of two separate overcharge prosecutions by the government since 1985 . 
American Medical jumped 1 7\/8 to 23 5\/8 . 
Instead , people familiar with the transaction said , the auction house opted to forgo that percentage in order to obtain the collection and in exchange for taking a bigger chunk of proceeds exceeding $ 100 million . 
Bank of England Governor Robin Leigh-Pemberton urged banks to be cautious in financing leveraged buy-outs . 
It also gives the outspoken Mr. Della Femina -- who often generates as much publicity for himself as for his clients -- an international platform that he most certainly wo n't be loath to use . 
The Stamford , Conn. , power-generation products and services company said per-share earnings were 56 cents compared with the year-ago loss of $ 2.39 . 
It is evident that their conversation runs more or less on the following lines : `` I 've submitted the manuscript of my novel under the title ` Teresa de Cepeda , ' and in it I 've treated a few neglected aspects of that eternal problem which ... '' 
And somebody loses on the expected repeal of Section 89 , the benefits test fought by most employers . 
Now , only God exists as a matter of absolute necessity ; it is built into His nature . 
The White House had the perfect case , but Congress blinked before it could go to court . 
So the Federal Reserve is an attractive target for complaint by politicians . 
Just seven months earlier , they had signed a five-year exclusive contract to make movies for Warner Bros. for which they had just produced the smash hit `` Batman . '' 
Johnstown attorney Richard J. Green Jr. shelled out $ 500 in loans to the judge over five years , he said in testimony to the grand jury . 
Similar sentiments were voiced on Capitol Hill . 
Jacobs Engineering officials could n't be reached for comment . 
Chicago Title & Trust acquired Safeco in 1987 and changed the unit 's name to Security Union Title Insurance Co . 
He recalled to the audience a `` strange , infelicitous '' analogy he once heard arguing `` now that we have finally recognized that American blacks have rights , we need to do the same for animals . 
And tough competition in the air-freight market is cutting into an important sideline . 
In secondary trading , investment-grade corporate bonds ended 1\/8 to 1\/4 higher . 
The Waterbury , Conn. , maker of industrial fasteners and metal stampings has 2.3 million shares outstanding . 
The lawyers also monitor suits to identify specific automobile parts that cause the biggest legal problems . 
To justify their exempt status and avoid penalties , these businesses must show once a year that each and every transaction on which they did n't pay sales tax was a legitimate business expense . 
`` At American cocktail parties everyone 's always looking over your shoulder to see who they can talk to next . 
Nobody proved that more masterfully than Mr. Coelho , the former Democratic majority whip . 
The issue , through RCSB 1989-A Grantor Trust , was priced at a yield spread of 100 basis points above the Treasury 7 3\/4 % note due July 1991 . 
The company had a net loss of C$ 2.3 million , or 14 Canadian cents a share , a year ago . 
Market-based pollution control may consume some capital that would otherwise purchase state industries . 
The company typically sells the centers it develops , but has usually sold only one or several at a time . 
About 35 % of the workers covered by contracts signed in the first nine months of year get lump-sum payments ; about 15 % are covered by cost-of-living clauses . 
That could widen the yield spread between Treasurys and asset-backed securities , as well as make it tougher to unload the latter . 
But this biennial event , the world 's largest display of cars and trucks , has its serious side , including the first major exhibitions of future engines and vehicle-suspension systems . 
Annual inflation rose to 3.64 % in October from 3.55 % in September . 
He did n't elaborate . 
If you are a retailer , 50 % , and a farmer , 30 % . 
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation . 
The U.S. has befriended and later turned against many dictators , but none quite so resourceful . 
Here is a good rule of thumb : If the movement produced the leader , the chance that he is sincere is much greater than if the leader produced the movement . 
Dow officials were signaling that the company would earn less than $ 15 a share this year even before they announced in July a plan to acquire 67 % of Marion Laboratories Inc . 
`` Now everything '' -- such as program trading and wide stock market swings -- `` that everyone had pushed back in their consciousness is just sitting right there . '' 
Perhaps more important , both companies share Mr. Andersson 's belief in the coming renaissance of base industries . 
The individual voter 's standing consequently will be enhanced through lower taxes . 
Priam Corp. said it filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code and announced a 35 % reduction in its world-wide employment . 
The dollar gained . 
Nor was there a shortage of customers in the area , the residential Inwood section of northern Manhattan . 
Dallas investor Harold C. Simmons said he raised his stake in Lockheed Corp. to 10.62 % from 10.43 % of the aerospace and electronics concern 's common shares . 
The Office of Thrift Supervision banned B.J. Garman , a former director of the failed Vision Banc Savings Association of Kingsville , Texas , from working in any financial institution insured by the government . 
At London 's close , the Dow Jones Industrial Average was 51.23 points lower at 2611.68 . 
There are $ 15,015,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2008 and $ 24,985,000 of 7.6 % bonds priced at par and due 2015 . 
Mr. Guttman told one person familiar with the New York exchanges during the search for a replacement that he was looking for a president who would be `` responsive to the needs of the membership and the board . '' 
`` Attitudes { toward being acquired } are still negative , but they 're becoming more positive , '' Mr. Murasawa said . 
The agency noted that because of a strike by Finance Ministry personnel the provisional estimate does n't correspond exactly to the consumer price index usually published . 
Allied Capital is a closed-end management investment company that will operate as a business development concern . 
Sales were C$ 4.2 billion compared with C$ 3.7 billion . 
He takes additional responsibility for newspaper sales and distribution of the Financial Times in North America . 
Many adjusters are authorized to write checks for amounts up to $ 100,000 on the spot . 
COCA-COLA Co . ( Atlanta ) -- 
They are designed to be given to patients by their doctors when the medicines are prescribed and include space for the doctor to write special instructions . 
Term bonds due 2010 are 7.10 % securities priced at par . 
And for every champion , there are plenty of nags . 
A subsidiary of Britain 's Imperial Chemical Industries would buy electricity and steam from the proposed station . 
Researchers at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque , N.M. , reported they went so far as to take a `` cold fusion '' experiment and three neutron detectors into a tunnel under 300 feet of granite to shield the detectors from cosmic rays . 
`` The movies , the books , the tabloids -- even Nancy Reagan is boosting this stuff , '' says Paul Kurtz , a philosophy professor at the State University of New York at Buffalo , who heads the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of the Paranormal . 
PRO BONO VOLUNTARISM : In an effort to stave off a plan that would require all lawyers in New York state to provide twenty hours of free legal aid a year , the state bar recommended an alternative program to increase voluntary participation in pro bono programs . 
But `` their present financial condition means I 'd have a hard time convincing the vice president in charge of purchasing . '' 
Neither side would comment . 
`` For Poland and Hungary we need to think about a stick-and-carrot economic approach that would force them to price things realistically in return for removing all our tariff barriers . '' 
Only 22 % supported private security patrols funded by the merchants themselves . 
the Dow has more ups and downs than an elevator , '' proclaimed an advertisement Monday in New York newspapers , touting Lincoln Savings Bank 's one-year CD . 
But then it was acquired by Household International Inc . 
After 16 weeks , the group that took three daily teaspoons of Metamucil saw a significant dip in their general cholesterol levels , and an even larger reduction in levels of low-density lipoproteins , the so-called bad cholesterol . 
Among other concerns , the agency says researchers with business ties are more likely to falsify findings in order to tout new drugs . 
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per-capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore . 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
Time officials declined to comment . 
Mr. Roth , who has been on leave from his posts , will be succeeded by Geoffrie D. Lurie of GDL Management Inc. , which is Eagle 's crisis manager . 
The British firm has begun court proceedings in London to prevent the use of the name `` Deloitte '' by Deloitte , Haskins & Sells and Touche Ross & Co. in England and the rest of the world . 
When most spectators thought its position hopeless , the computer thought it was only , in effect , one-half of a pawn down . 
David Batchelder , a mergers adviser in La Jolla , Calif. , who aided Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis on the bids which put both UAL and NWA in play as takeover candidates this year , says that banks have been `` preparing to play a larger and larger role in acquisition financing . '' 
Rather , lines would diminish because at higher prices many victims could not afford necessities such as food and medical supplies . 
Mr. Beddall had been executive vice president of the division since April . 
It is widely expected that they will . 
( It recently cut its work force by 9 % , or 213 . ) 
The complaint , filed in federal district court , accuses Imperial and other defendants of issuing false and misleading financial data . 
The move , which could cost TransCanada as much as 50 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 42.5 million ) in relocation and severance payments , should be complete by next summer , Mr. Maier said . 
Average daily trading volume in June of 180.3 million shares was considerably higher than in September . 
In fact , yesterday the administration and Congress were still differing on what had been agreed to . 
In August , rates on 30-year fixed-rate mortgages started creeping up a bit , but they inched down again through September . 
The securities were priced to float monthly at 20 basis points above the 30-day commercial paper rate . 
Although the jobs will probably pay between $ 70,000 and $ 80,000 a year , IRS officials are confident that they can attract top-notch candidates from the private sector . 
By the end of the day , bond prices were mixed . 
Campeau , owner of such retailers as Bloomingdale 's , Bon Marche , and Jordan Marsh , sidestepped financial collapse last month after an emergency $ 250 million loan from Olympia & York Developments Ltd. , a Canadian developer and a major shareholder in Campeau . 
This does not mean that the Federal Reserve does not already play an important indirect role in the stock market . 
The state Supply Regulator Institute is to burn rice , corn and beans that spoiled because of neglect and corruption in the previous Christian Democrat government , a statement from the information service SISAL said . 
Carlos A. Salvagni , vice president , pharmaceutical manufacturing , will assume responsibility for manufacturing in Kalamazoo , Mich. , effective Nov. 1 . 
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies . 
The Canadian government also has recently opened new trade offices in San Diego ; San Juan , Puerto Rico ; Miami ; Princeton , N.J. , and Denver , bringing the total number of such Canadian offices in the U.S. to 27 . 
Sen. Arlen Specter ( R. , Pa . ) urged acquittal of the judge in a brief circulated to his Senate colleagues during closed-door deliberations . 
France 's national tobacco company , known for making brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises and Gitanes , is branching out . 
Michael Smith 
If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall , but want to continue owning stocks , they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts . 
The president apparently will have only one bill to push , Sen. Packwood 's , and at least some of the dissident Democrats plan to support it . 
New management can take several steps to reduce dishonesty . 
Combined with at least some rebound in exports after August 's unexpected decline , the deficit could narrow to as little as # 1.3 billion . 
The other is that he 's an Oakland native , and lifted residents ' spirits by his visits to quake-hit areas last week . 
Futures prices showed modest changes in light trading volume . 
In other words , a little volatility never hurt . 
`` We would stop index arbitrage when the market is under stress , and we have recently , '' he said , citing Oct. 13 and earlier this week . 
Meeting with reporters Friday , Mr. Darman again said he would rather live with across-the-board spending cuts than accept a deficit-reduction bill like the one passed by the House , which would increase spending in future years . 
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement . 
( Here 's how to interpret a standard deviation figure : Take the expected return and add one standard deviation to it . 
Nor are any of these inefficient monoliths likely to be allowed to go bankrupt . 
Signed by 25 students 
`` The problem is , if people get down in the dumps , they stop selling , '' says Mike Durcan , a laid-off sales manager in Wang 's Austin office . 
WHO 'S NEWS : Stephen Novick , 49 , was named executive vice president , deputy creative director at Grey Advertising , New York . 
Currency traders , suspecting Mr. Major wo n't defend the pound strenuously , sent the British currency sharply lower Friday against the dollar and West German mark . 
Integrated senior and junior creditors are owed a total of about $ 1.8 billion . 
The House version of the bill does include the tax cut . 
The oil company claims that Alaskan officials prevented Exxon from spraying dispersant onto the almost 11 million gallons of oil dumped when one of its tankers ran into an underwater reef . 
`` There 's pretty good evidence that utilization management has reduced inappropriate hospitalization , '' he said . 
Disgusted , I cast around for a different way to plan my asset distribution , and with hardly any heavy breathing the answer struck me : I was doing it already ! 
WHO 'S NEWS : 
`` We were never going to get these insurance companies to agree again , '' says John V. Trump , a San Francisco defense lawyer in the case . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Gillett risks losing his entire equity investment of about $ 100 million in SCI TV if the company ca n't be restructured . 
BIGGER THAN A BREADBOX was this cash hoarder 's reputation for honesty . 
But so far , Mr. Paul and his advisers are holding fast . 
Slick graphics , pre-tested for effectiveness , also play a major role in Litigation Sciences ' operation . 
But that share issue -- intended to make Trelleborg better known among international investors -- was postponed until market conditions stabilize , people familiar with the situation say . 
In the past , the government controlled the markets indirectly , through its tight grip on industry itself . 
In fact , Ms. Volokh was n't just a rich lady who needed a hobby . 
Pierre Peladeau , a Canadian newspaper publisher little-known in the U.S. , figures to become a big player in North American printing -- and his ambitions do n't end there . 
Earlier this week , a Fifth Circuit appellate panel upheld Judge Maloney 's dismissal of Mr. Gaubert 's claim as a shareholder but said the judge should reconsider Mr. Gaubert 's claim for the loss of his property . 
Coke and Pepsi are all the same to me , and I usually buy whichever brand of coffee happens to be on sale . '' 
Now that the Supreme Court opened the door on the subject of abortion , politicians are squinting under the glare of democratic choice . 
Larry Drury , attorney for the plaintiffs , valued the settlement at between $ 6 million and $ 8 million . 
Thus , analysts say , the trust is unlikely to do anything that would hurt Manville 's other shareholders . 
The higher payments will start with Social Security checks received on Jan. 3 , 1990 . 
Most of the owners must pay up to 10 % of gross ticket sales for leases on stadiums they say are either too small or too old . 
One of the few hints the excess heat might be produced by fusion came from brief remarks by chemist John Bockris of Texas A&M University . 
Both stocks have dividend yields of about 5 % and will go ex-dividend Wednesday . 
But , he adds , the constitution empowers the government to impose some controls , to mitigate the shortage of land . 
`` We have invested in improved editorial quality and expanded our quality audience without substantially increasing our costs . 
The share price was languishing at about 400 pence before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest in a minority stake . 
Emergency crews searched through the charred rubble of a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas , where a series of explosions Monday killed at least two people and injured 124 . 
Santa Fe also has $ 3.7 billion in debt . 
East Bloc pollution data typically have been state secrets . 
The six-story hotel will be on Gorky Street and initially will cater mostly to business travelers . 
St. Paul Medical Center , also in Dallas , sees only a `` minimal erosion '' of support staff due to AIDS . 
Lloyd 's overblown bureaucracy also hampers efforts to update marketing strategies . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Reynolds closed at $ 55.375 , up $ 1.25 . 
They tried to put Mr. Maynard out of business by an act of Congress . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 10 classes by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Officials at Mellon Capital were unavailable for comment . 
For the third quarter , Sears said its total revenue rose 4.8 % to $ 13.18 billion from $ 12.57 billion a year earlier . 
The telephone number for the charity in Shelton , Conn. , has been disconnected , and the former officials could n't be located . 
As many economists and businessmen see it , those incongruities underscore a paradox that seems likely to bedevil the economy throughout the 1990s . 
The Canadian application is expected to be announced in San Jose , Costa Rica , by Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney , who is attending a centenary celebration of Costa Rican democracy . 
Pennzoil is rumored to be accumulating a stake in Chevron in order to push for a revamping of the company ; investor Carl Icahn has recently increased his stake in USX , which separately reported earnings that were in line with expectations . 
Mr. Shilling , who was Merrill Lynch 's chief economist from 1967 to 1971 , has heralded a recession for months . 
The bonds , rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.10 % in 2010 . 
The company earned $ 191.1 million , or $ 2.79 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Office closed yesterday at 4:30 p.m. EDT . 
Initially , the company said it will close its commercial real-estate lending division , and stop originating new leases at its commercial lease subsidiary . 
On July 2 , 1987 , the tanker S.S. Glacier Bay struck a rock and spilled almost 150,000 gallons of oil into the Cook Inlet . 
`` The ANC wo n't be stopped until there is a provision for black aspirations , '' says Mr. Verwoerd . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking issues lost 2.38 to 458.32 . 
A former prosecutor and member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , Sen. Specter is expected to exercise influence when the Senate votes on the impeachment today . 
`` Just because upscale cosmetics look like packaged goods and smell like packaged goods , it does n't mean they are packaged goods , '' says Leonard Lauder , chief executive of Estee Lauder . 
Barry Bryant , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , said Tandy also has suffered from lethargic sales of its computers aimed at the home and small-office market , which are less-advanced and cheaper than computers aimed at the corporate market . 
For personal-injury cases , Litigation Sciences seeks defense jurors who believe that most people , including victims , get what they deserve . 
The buy-out fell through when Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. unexpectedly failed to obtain bank financing . 
Caltrans abandoned double-decking in the early 1970s , following the 1971 Sylmar earthquake that destroyed freeway sections just north of Los Angeles , Mr. O'Connell explained . 
His strategy against D.T. was based on a thorough study of dozens of its games , he said , including its notorious whippings of the grandmasters Bent Larsen of Denmark and Robert Byrne of the U.S. . 
The companies would n't disclose the length of the contract except to say it was a multiyear agreement . 
In California and New York , state officials have opposed Channel One . 
Mr. Corry learned presence under fire when , as vice president of corporate planning , he handled what Mr. Johnston calls `` don't-con-me '' negotiations that led to USX 's shedding of a wide array of assets ranging from chemicals to construction . 
An estimated 10 million Americans are now using financial planners , and the pool of capital they influence is enormous . 
The Asian Art Museum in Golden Gate Park reports $ 10 million to $ 15 million in damage , including shattered porcelains and stone figures . 
`` If you 're for paying the claims ... I do n't know how anyone can oppose this . '' 
Analysts said the company 's troubles mirror those of the industry . 
The number of people receiving state benefits in the week ended Oct. 7 fell to a seasonally adjusted 2,202,000 , or 2.1 % of those covered by unemployment insurance , from 2,205,000 the previous week , when the insured unemployment rate was 2.2 % . 
But Ford , Jaguar 's biggest shareholder since lifting its stake to 10.4 % this week , is pressing harder for talks with Sir John . 
Revenue increased 11 % , to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.46 billion . 
Much of this work was done for higher fees than other legal work and was not generally billed by the hour . 
With more than 300 billion rubles in savings accounts and little to spend them on , Soviet consumers grumble at the exorbitant black-market prices for such goods -- but they buy them anyway . 
The growing crowd of Japanese investors buying up foreign companies are n't all strait-laced businessmen in dark suits . 
The Financial Times 100-share index finished 10.6 points higher at 2189.7 . 
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought . 
3:25 a.m . 
Even modernized , he said , the Crusaders represent an obsolete and dangerous protection for the aircraft carriers France has sent to meet such crises as the wars in Lebanon and the Persian Gulf . 
`` Our net income is n't where we would want it to be at this point , '' said William C. Ferguson , chairman and chief executive officer . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
The laws take effect next month . 
But the magazine was slower than its competitors to come up with its regional editions , and until last year offered fewer of them than did competitors . 
The new deal was considered the most generous of its kind , both financially and in terms of creative freedom . 
Dealers attributed most of the day 's gains to market-makers moving prices higher , rather than an outbreak of significant buying interest . 
The group noted that 75 million francs of the advance reflected a one-time gain from the June offering by its United Westburne unit in Canada . 
Some observers say that different rules governing stock and futures markets are partly responsible for volatility . 
When notoriously independent-minded Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier rejected Paribas 's offer and began buying Paribas shares in retaliation , Mr. Francois-Poncet said , he felt obliged to bid for control . 
As a result , Morgan Stanley 's Index of 40 Emerging Growth Stocks -- most of which are in the OTC market -- is up only 13 % for the year , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has leaped 24 % and the S&P 500 has grown 25 % . 
Yet the heavy-handedness of the satire also can be effective in a book like this : If the head of AIW were not portrayed as an utterly contemptible , malicious dolt , we would not much care whether his schemes were defeated , and would not be so diverted in the process . 
The company also reported slower growth in another important business : systems that use the Unix operating system . 
He established his reputation as a freespender in January last year at Sotheby 's auction of the Linda and Gerald Guterman collection in New York . 
It was the third consecutive month in which thrifts shed assets to increase the size of their capital in relation to their assets , the Office of Thrift Supervision said . 
In Geneva , however , they supported Iran 's proposal because it would have left the Saudi percentage of the OPEC total intact , and increased actual Saudi volume to nearly 5.3 million barrels daily from five million . 
Business : Tax Preparation 
A two-part $ 75.1 million offering of wastewater treatment bonds by the New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust was more than half sold by late in the session , according to lead underwriter Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
`` I could get AZT , '' says Mrs. Glaser , who bears her infection without any symptoms . 
THROUGHOUT THE 1980s , investors have been looking for creative alternatives to traditional modes of financial planning . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : Sales : $ 2.06 billions Net loss : $ 1.30 billion \* 
He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '60s and '70s : for assault and unlawful confinement , for fraud and forgery of private documents , and for extortion . 
Mr. Shiflett is an editorial writer for the Rocky Mountain News . 
The bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.9 billion in supplemental anti-drug funds for Justice Department and law-enforcement accounts that are still in conference with the House . 
WHY SHOULD the Japanese cross the Pacific to buy American real estate when they can simply recreate it at home ? 
Since 40 % of skiers are parents , many slopes are building nurseries , expanding ski schools and adding entertainment for kids . 
If Integrated regains Royal Alliance , the representatives will retain their 49 % ownership . 
The government said it would streamline its enormous and often-criticized food marketing and distribution network , Compania Nacional de Subsistencias Populares , or Conasupo . 
Concerned with the increased availability of surveillance technology and heavier use of it , lawmakers have proposed laws addressing the issue . 
Resolution Funding Corp. to sell $ 4.5 billion 30-year bonds . 
San Francisco Bay area officials said nine people remain missing in the aftermath of last week 's earthquake . 
Mr. Noriega was growing desperate . 
The offerings bring Freddie Mac 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 32.6 billion and its total volume to $ 46.5 billion since the program began in February 1988 . 
`` I am convinced that a monetary policy for this country that would return interest rates to the historical level of 4 % or 5 % would have not only an immediate impact on housing starts , the housing stock , our industry in America , the refurbishing of our industrial system , it would help the Third World economies considerably and it would particularly have a favorable impact upon our budget deficit , '' Mr. Kemp said . 
UNIFIRST Corp. declared a 2-for-1 stock split . 
On June 30 , a major part of our trade deficit went poof ! 
What triggered the latest clash was a skirmish over the timing of a New Zealand government bond issue . 
Prices opened strongly on the basis of Monday 's Wall Street rally and yesterday 's gains in Tokyo . 
Perhaps Mr. Reagan , who claimed that air pollution is caused by trees , is the man you should be quoting to back up your position that economics is more important than the Earth . 
`` The feeling among many experts on the commercial side is that the price paid at the time was excessive in any event , '' Mr. Tunick says . 
Overall , Saab-Scania 's pretax profit during the first eight months of the year plunged 48.9 % to 1 billion Swedish kronor ( $ 155.1 million ) from 1.96 billion kronor ( $ 303.9 million ) a year earlier . 
When the computer says switch , Renaissance switches . 
Federal Paper Board said , `` We 're not as exposed as the popular perception of us . '' 
The finance unit , GMAC , said net fell 3.1 % , but EDS 's profit rose 16 % . 
Nissan has increased earnings more than market share by cutting costs and by taking advantage of a general surge in Japanese car sales . 
He was convicted of charging interest rates much higher than what the law permitted , and attempting to evade income taxes by using a double accounting system . 
In any matters between us and the Cubans there can be no simplicity , consequently I 've become familiar not only with Cuban art and artists , but also with Cuban bureaucrats and their counterparts in our own government . 
Executives close to Philip Morris said that the tobacco and food giant has asked Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide Inc. , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi Co. , and possibly others to work on creative ideas for the account . 
Critics also say American companies charge too much . 
The move will cut out the cost of a middleman and give Specialized more control over marketing and sales . 
Proponents of the nationwide standards say the cost for car buyers would be about $ 500 per car . 
Confusion over the near-term trend for rates dominated the municipal arena , as gyrations in the stock market continued to buffet bonds . 
`` You go to any medium-sized town in the U.S. and you 're going to see H&R Block tax services . '' 
The Jamaica Tourist Board , in the wake of Young & Rubicam 's indictment on charges that it bribed Jamaican officials to win the account in 1981 , released a scathing memo blaming the agency for the embarrassing incident . 
While the practice was discouraged in the past , the conference agreement is laced with veterans ' hospitals , environmental projects and urban grants designated for specific communities . 
`` Up until now the courts have said it is not their role to supervise the foreign country 's courts , '' said Jacques Semmelman , the assistant U.S. attorney on the case . 
At this year 's event , the third since the festival got under way in 1985 , Idrissa Ouedraogo of Burkina Faso won the Sakura Gold prize of $ 143,000 for `` Yaaba '' ( `` Old Woman '' ) . 
The story of a playwright 's stage debut unfolds in first-person monologues , in the manner of Faulkner 's `` The Sound and the Fury . '' 
But it is n't clear why that should be so . 
Two Air Force facilities near Sacramento , and Travis Air Force Base , 50 miles northeast of San Francisco , were designated to serve as medical-airlift centers . 
The coupling of the law firm and the Washington Legal Foundation is odd also , because Wilmer Cutler was one of the firms singled out for criticism two years ago by the conservative legal group for displaying a liberal bias in its pro bono work . 
The volatility inherent in program trading troubled other traders , too . 
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs . 
PENALTY OVERHAUL is still likely , congressional sources say . 
Base Data 
An American Express Co. survey of its travel agents revealed that only 34 % believe their clients will pick a trip this winter based on the availability of winter sports , as opposed to 69 % who think that warm-weather sports will be the deciding factor . 
`` I think this is a market that required some level of security . 
Unlike other writers who either battled the fascists during the Civil War , or left Spain when Franco triumphed , Mr. Cela fought briefly on the general 's side , no doubt earning with his war wound some forbearance when he went on to depict a country with a high population of vagabonds , murderers and rural idiots trudging aimlessly through a dried-out land . 
Tales of haunts and horrors are proliferating beyond the nation 's Elm Streets and Amityvilles . 
So far , the victims are officially considered evil-doers , and their families receive no compensation . 
Interface Systems Inc. , Ann Arbor , Mich. , said it will report net income for the fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 fell to $ 470,000 , or 11 cents a share , from $ 805,000 , or 19 cents a share , a year earlier . 
But it was opposed by some environmentalists as a threat to Irian Jaya 's forests and a potential source of social unrest for the primitive tribes who inhabit them . 
Witnesses often must travel long distances to give face-to-face depositions before lawyers and court reporters . 
You talk of times of peace for all , and then prepare for war . '' 
Mr. Mark conceded that Colgate 's domestic business , apart from its highly profitable Hill 's Pet Products unit , has lagged . 
( Indeed , RJR Nabisco is currently under fire for having sent 80-second videotapes touting its Now brand to consumers who smoke American Brands ' Carltons . ) 
And pregnant women are fat . ' '' 
`` Investors should stay with their stocks . 
Most other junk bond issues finished a quarter-point lower on rumors that Campeau Corp. was filing for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code . 
Older movies have plenty of violence , though it is portrayed in keeping with the more restrictive social conventions of the time . 
In fact , six of those companies received refunds , which totaled $ 120 million . 
City crews tallied the wreckage to buildings , but lacked a clear sense of how gravely transportation arteries were disabled . 
The suit , which seeks class-action status , was filed in Delaware Chancery Court . 
Although sports officials predict jumps of 50 % to 100 % in the major contracts coming up for renewal , ad rates may rise only 20 % . 
ABBIE : `` I 'm OK , Jack . 
`` This is an impressive show of faith in the future of the magazine industry , '' said Mr. Kummerfeld . 
The newspaper said it is past time for the Soviet Union to create unemployment insurance and retraining programs like those of the West . 
And some movies seem to have been hurt by their inattention . 
The company , which makes computer parts said fiscal 1989 earnings were `` down slightly '' from $ 3.2 million , or 74 cents a share , in fiscal l988 . 
Indeed , U.S. officials have indicated to the press that the continuation of aid depends on what success the weakened resistance achieves by the end of this year . 
5:09 a.m . 
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons . 
The five astronauts , who stowed gear and tested the spacecraft 's steering , said they were unconcerned about the touchy weather expected in the Mojave Desert . 
`` We expect near-term sluggishness in the electronics market , '' he said , `` and we will take ongoing cost-reduction actions as necessary to keep operations aligned with demand . '' 
Savings and loans reject blacks for mortgage loans twice as often as they reject whites , the Office of Thrift Supervision said . 
But Burger King operators independently confirm using Michael 's product . 
`` A few boilerplate warnings about cancer appear but that 's only two inches in all four pages . 
Engineers first used concrete blocks to bolster the barrier , but the ocean tossed them aside like driftwood . 
`` October is a big rollover month and perhaps they anticipate greater demand ... among people leaving the stock market . '' 
Paribas said it will bid 1,850 francs a share for Navigation Mixte shares that qualify for a full yearly dividend , and 1,800 francs for those created July 1 , which are eligible for partial dividends . 
Rockwell International Corp. was issued a $ 12.5 million Air Force contract for changes in the National Aerospace Plane . 
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount . 
Most bond prices fell , but junk bonds and the dollar rose . 
Three other Haagen shopping centers in the Watts area are doing almost as well . 
By 1973 , the U.S. was bringing in two million barrels of Arab oil a day , more than 10 % of the 17.3 million barrels consumed daily . 
When traders see the Fed is in the exchange market it may make them tread a little carefully , for fear of what the central bank may do . 
Mr. Barre 's rule is crumbling fast . 
Prior to the ruling the federal government had regulated only the telephone companies in Quebec , Ontario , British Columbia and the Northwest Territories . 
However , these discount purchase rights may generally be redeemed at a nominal cost by the corporation 's directors if they approve of a bidder . 
Wilmer , Cutler & Pickering , the Washington , D.C. , law firm that spent over $ 1 million fighting the execution of mass-murderer Ted Bundy -- who eventually was executed -- has taken on another death penalty case before the Supreme Court , this time on the side of the family of four murder victims in Arkansas . 
It has also rattled Federal 's strongly anti-union management , which is already contending with melding far-flung operations and with falling profits . 
A year ago this fall , New Jersey voters under 30 favored George Bush by 56 % to 39 % over Michael Dukakis , according to a survey then by Rutgers University 's Eagleton Institute . 
Arnold Celnicker Assistant Professor Ohio State University 
At the other end of the spectrum , West German inflation was forecast at 3 % in 1989 and 2.75 % in 1990 . 
`` I do n't think I have a life style that is , frankly , so flamboyant , '' he says . 
John Lehman 's editorial-page article on the Pentagon as a haunted house omits the real roots of its ghost population ( `` In the Pentagon , the Undead Walk , '' Oct. 18 ) . 
In 1986 , Mr. Simmons also served on a committee of businessmen headed by William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Resolution Trust Corp . 
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million . 
Marni Rice plays the maid with so much edge as to steal her two scenes . 
To help close the gap , Nissan recently established a top-level cost-cutting committee . 
Gen. Paul X. Kelley , retired commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps , was elected a director of this plastics , specialty materials and aerospace concern , succeeding Jewel Lafontant , who resigned to accept a government position . 
Orders last month for metal-forming presses and other machinery to form metal with pressure surged to $ 110.1 million , a 78 % rise from $ 61.7 million a year earlier and a 55 % gain from $ 70.9 million in August . 
Mr. Schulte , who met with Acadia representatives on Oct. 10 , said , `` It 's certainly a responsible offer . 
Codifying those sanctions could prompt Chinese retaliation . 
If this were 1949 , Mr. Boren might even succeed . 
If a president had a line-item veto and wanted to force him to support a controversial foreign-policy initiative , Rep. Edwards says , the president could call and declare that he would single-handedly kill the BART funds unless the congressman `` shapes up '' on the foreign-policy issue . 
And because Northern California home prices are so high , loans from the region often are too large to be included in Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae pools . 
Mr. Johnson said the first-quarter loss also heavily reflected a rapid change in graphics technology that left reseller channels with too many of the old computer graphics boards and too few new monitors compatible with the new graphics boards . 
-- Bar states from setting more stringent tolerance levels for a pesticide once the federal government has set a standard . 
But most of them could have afforded to keep up their payments -- they chose not to do so . 
The West German retailing group also said that the results of the first three quarters suggest it will meet its profit goal for the year . 
It 's a matter of being close to those suppliers ; many of those companies do n't know us as well as they should . '' 
The scientists then took the five toxin genes and triggered a mutation in the one gene that caused virulence . 
The move by the coalition of political parties and Lebanon 's largest Christian militia isolated military chief Aoun , who has rejected the plan , which includes political changes and a Syrian troop withdrawal from Beirut . 
Dismissing the trade group 's numbers left traders plenty of time to worry anew about the latest reports on OPEC production . 
But cosmetics firms still have one big marketing edge : They motivate sales people with commissions . 
Tuesday , October 24 , 1989 
He rose to chief of intelligence in Panama 's socalled G-2 in 1970 after providing populist dictator Torrijos the critical support to defeat a coup attempt against him a year earlier . 
But the Supreme Court 's opening of debate may have changed even that . 
And out of necessity : The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove him from power , but a single error on his part could cost him his life . 
Valley National had been paying a quarterly dividend of 36 cents a share . 
The emergence of Russian corporatism had been anticipated in journalist George Urban 's introduction to a series of colloquies -- `` Can the Soviet System Survive Reform ? '' -- published this spring . 
I 'm at extension 29 . ' '' 
Perhaps . 
The company just went public earlier this month . 
Mitsubishi has a futuristic delivery truck called the Guppy . 
General Motors Corp. , meanwhile , said it will idle for yet another week its Linden , N.J. , assembly plant , bringing to three weeks the total time that plant will be idled during October . 
He is n't convinced , though , that the price decline reflects falling demand because the world economy remains relatively strong . 
Metals stocks also were especially weak , as concerns about the earnings outlook for cyclical companies weighed on the group . 
For creating a focus for neighborhood life . 
In a joint statement , the two companies , whose combined holdings equal 52.7 % of Sun Life 's ordinary shares , said their agreement is aimed at reducing `` the uncertainty and instability for Sun Life that has resulted from two major shareholders owning '' a controlling interest in the company . 
Traders said that Mr. Greenspan , whose statements are ordinarily cautious , was especially careful to avoid any jarring proclamations , with fears about equities still unnerving financial markets . 
Liberty National , a bank holding company , has assets exceeding $ 3 billion . 
$ 100 million of 8 5\/8 % bonds due Nov. 1 , 1993 priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 8.74 % annually less full fees , via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd . 
That compared with the year-earlier $ 1.25 billion , or $ 2.10 a share -- which was inflated by a 15-cents-a-share gain from the sale of some MCI Communications Corp. stock and by an unspecified amount from a payment by Fujitsu Ltd. relating to a software dispute . 
IMA Acquisition , an investor group that includes First Boston and the Pritzker family of Chicago , said Chemical Bank had made arrangements for 23 other banks to provide $ 509 million in bank financing for the buy-out offer . 
The pilots could borrow against the value of their concessions , using the proceeds to buy back stock from the public and give themselves the majority control they have been seeking . 
Almost all capital-improvement programs announced by major steelmakers within the past year involve building electrogalvanizing lines , used to produce steel for such products as household appliances and car doors . 
In two other cases , the possible consequences of the Supreme Court ruling appear even more unintended . 
The practice is common at catalog , insurance and phone companies , banks and telemarketers , according to trade groups and worker organizations . 
Loans for as long as five years make the cars very accessible , with monthly payments as low as 80,000 won , or $ 120 . 
Other terms to be fixed Nov. 1 . 
Under the original proposal , the maker of specialty coatings and a developer of information-display technologies offered $ 400 of notes due 1996 , 10 common shares and $ 175 in cash for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Although it is having serious cash-flow problems , Bay said the fair-market value of its holdings , minus debt , was equal to $ 6.02 a share at June 30 based on a recent appraisal . 
The northern piers of the span lie in estuarian deposits that were of a type to have liquefied easily during the 1906 quake . 
He and a Dartmouth roommate established a company that restored three hydroelectric power plants in Vermont . 
Royal contends that Realist failed to disclose material information , including Realist 's negotiations to acquire Ammann Laser Technik AG , to stockholders prior to Realist 's June 6 annual meeting . 
While Shearson does n't do computer-guided program trading for its own account , the firm does execute orders for clients involved in the buying and selling of shares tied to movements in certain stock indexes , Mr. DaPuzzo acknowledged . 
At Winnebago , sales for the quarter fell 6 % to $ 89.5 million from $ 95.4 million a year earlier . 
The buy-back `` is really a comfort to those who want to buy the stock that there is a { price } floor , '' he said . 
When Mr. Glass decides to get really fancy , he crosses his hands and hits a resonant bass note with his right hand . 
Lawyers close to the case said they believed the ruling was unprecedented . 
While I was standing on the lawn with Mame , waiting for another tremor , I noticed that all the earthworms were emerging from the ground and slithering across the lawn ! 
The results surpassed analysts ' forecasts , which averaged around # 200 million , and Marks & Spencer responded in trading on London 's Stock Exchange with an eight pence rise to 188 pence . 
Earlier this year , the company sold a similar unit in Europe for about $ 25 million . 
The film makers have couched this offensive idea in pretty packaging . 
The results include $ 106 million of tax benefits associated with previous years ' Third World loan activity , compared with $ 15 million a year earlier . 
Predictions for limited dollar losses are based largely on the pound 's weak state after Mr. Lawson 's resignation and the yen 's inability to strengthen substantially when there are dollar retreats . 
Mr. Asquith , whose study on junk bond defaults caused a furor on Wall Street when it was disclosed last April , says this year 's junk bond defaults already show a high correlation with his own findings . 
But it never did let up on the pressure . 
The days may be numbered for animated shows featuring Alf , the Karate Kid and the Chipmunks . 
Third , the theory suggests why legislators who pay too much attention to national policy making relative to local benefit-seeking have lower security in office . 
Ms. McCraw says she wants the campaign to help attract advertisers in 10 categories , including corporate , financial services , consumer electronics , insurance and food . 
However , the short interest figures reported by brokerage and securities clearing firms to the National Association of Securities Dealers include only those trades completed , or settled , by Oct. 13 , rather than trades that occurred on that day , according to Gene Finn , chief economist for the NASD . 
Only at the moment of maximum roll did I grasp what was going on . 
`` There is nothing wrong with the company , '' says Coniston principal Paul Tierney . 
To hear most U.S. growers tell it , we 'd still be in Paradise if the serpent had proffered one to Eve . 
Gate receipts are only the Cowboys ' second largest source of cash . 
Critics warned such cash contributions may only undercut the opposition party 's standing , and one irony is that under Nicaraguan law a major portion of the opposition party 's funds must be shared with the government 's Supreme Electoral Council . 
Imperial Chemical Industries of the U.K. also has one , and is building a plant in Louisiana to produce it . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year rose fractionally . 
On the plus side , Genentech is benefiting from a lower tax rate due to its research outlays , giving a boost to earnings , she said . 
Over at Conradies , the general store , a black stock boy scurries to help an elderly white woman with her packages . 
Since then , UAL stock has fallen 33 % in what may rank as the largest collapse of a takeover stock ever . 
The Free French wore black arm bands , and when she sang `` J'ai deux amours '' they wept . 
The Iraqi oil minister and Saudi oil minister Hisham Nazer insisted in their comments to the conference that their countries would act responsibly to maintain a stable market . 
Another reason : strikes , both at Georgia-Pacific and other lumber companies also cut supplies and raised prices , analysts said . 
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said . 
`` We will not go over a certain level , '' said David N. McCammon , Ford 's vice president for finance , at a news conference yesterday in Dearborn , Mich . 
Revenue rose to $ 4.45 billion from $ 4.15 billion . 
So far , as a price-conscious shopper , Manville has n't bought much . 
In addition , cost increases related to fixed-price defense contracts and a $ 10 million charge to reduce the work force of Texas Instruments ' defense-electronics division also reduced net . 
Mr. Kim of J. Walter Thompson does n't think so . 
The only fly in the Soviet ointment was the last-minute addition of a unilateral American caveat , that U.S. aid to the resistance would continue as long as Soviet aid to Kabul did . 
Rather than gathering momentum , the program is in danger of slowing even more as the government tackles several big assets . 
The shutdown will idle 2,000 hourly employees and eliminate production of about 1,300 medium and heavy duty trucks . 
Like just about everything else , that remains to be seen . 
But even a Japanese company that looks like a dog may turn out to be a good investment for a foreign concern , some management consultants maintain . 
When Walter Yetnikoff , the president of Sony Corp. 's CBS Records , last month told producer Peter Guber that Sony was about to make a $ 3.4 billion bid for Columbia Pictures and needed someone to run the studio , Mr. Guber jumped at the chance . 
Faced with this embarrassment , U.S. diplomats expressed confidence that the influential Rio Group of South American nations , which gathered last week in Peru , would take a stronger posture toward the Panamanian dictator . 
The company 's conduct `` does not even raise a question of wrongful corporate intent , ratification or cover-up , '' GE 's brief asserts . 
When it owns stocks , Renaissance 's portfolio typically is composed of about 60 large-capitalization issues ; to make buy or sell moves , the firm solicits Wall Street brokerage houses a day or so in advance , looking for the best package price to carry out the trades . 
It 's not that there are n't any bids , but the bids do n't meet the minimum `` reserve '' prices set by the sellers . 
Nevertheless , Salomon 's stock fell $ 1.125 yesterday to close at $ 23.25 a share in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The commercial , created by Bateman , Bryan & Galles Inc. , of Dallas , adds derisively : `` I bet it takes a real tough truck to haul your Ivy League buddies to the yacht club . '' 
Mr. Bush announced several weeks ago that he intended to send such a mission , composed of top government aides and business and labor leaders . 
Mr. Florio savors this vindication , but at age 52 , the congressman is also a product of his times and losses . 
Analysts have speculated in recent days that the value of offers received by the committee fell well short of what they had hoped , or even that the company 's chairman , president and chief executive officer , Garth Drabinsky , is the only bidder for the company as a whole . 
William Kaiser , president of the Kaiser Financial Group in Chicago , said the decline was almost certainly influenced by the early sell-off in the stock market , which partly reflected a weakening economy . 
The government said 13.1 % of Americans , or 31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 . 
A year earlier , the refiner earned $ 66 million , or $ 1.19 a share . 
In addition , New York-based LIN would exercise its right to buy out for $ 1.9 billion the 55 % equity interest of its partner , Metromedia Co. , in a New York cellular franchise . 
For the year , net income tumbled 61 % to $ 86 million , or $ 1.55 a share . 
Ohbayashi cited industry publications crediting Howell , currently capitalized at $ 2.2 million , with receiving orders valued at $ 225 million in 1988 . 
Further , he said , an internal reorganization to combine several divisions into the Information Technology Group is expected to affect fourth-quarter results by an undisclosed amount . 
The Treasury said a surge in tax receipts noted earlier in the year did n't turn out to be quite as strong as it first appeared . 
Excerpts follow : 
UGI is a gas and electric utility and distributes propane nationally through its AmeriGas subsidiary . 
That was the message delivered by government and private security experts at an all-day conference on corporate electronic espionage . 
They grew up with more brand choices than any generation and have shown less allegiance so far . 
Noting that Cray does n't have a low-end supercomputer to compete with the likes of Convex Computer Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. , Mr. Luber said such a machine would be necessary `` to get things back on line here . '' 
Now , among Communist reformers , they are objects of envy . 
Each year , nearly a million people pay about $ 3 to make the spiral climb up 294 steps to the top of the 800-year-old marble tower . 
So producers Alyce and Topper Carew spun their Rolodexes and gathered names of black opinion makers to mount a direct-mail campaign . 
The FCC moves were good news for AT&T , which has been striving since the breakup of the phone system for greater latitude in pricing and reduced regulation . 
Because finance and services contribute 10 % to final business product , missing these productivity improvements depresses the overall growth rate by 0.15 % a year . 
The market is drifting , at least partly , because of a lack of crop information out of Ghana and the Ivory Coast , the two largest African producers . 
`` We 're trying to take care of a heck of a lot of constituents , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands . 
The benchmark No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at a price of 95.39 , off 0.28 . 
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive . 
Stabilizing the derivative markets would tend to stabilize the primary market . 
The OTC technology sector is far from a cohesive unit . 
`` Jazz Cleopatra '' contains other , more important , false notes that undermine what is , for the most part , a lively account of a life already familiar from earlier works . 
General Mills gained 2 1\/4 to 72 7\/8 . 
Stock funds , like the market as a whole , generally dropped more than 2 % in the week through last Thursday , according to figures compiled by Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
But at just that moment , he is interrupted in his office by a servant in tuxedo who pours coffee from silver into a cup of china and dabs the brim with linen . 
This information was gleaned from your own news stories on the region . 
Enviropact Inc. said it entered into an agreement in principle to sell its pump and tank division and drilling division to GSX Chemical Services for $ 4 million . 
The fund is the nation 's largest public employee fund , and it has a growing cash flow now topping $ 3 billion a year . 
But five weeks after the premiere , the series has floundered . 
Among the rules : 
The first part , consisting of $ 2 billion of bonds due Oct. 1 , 2019 , with a five-year non-call provision , was priced as 8 3\/4 % securities at 96.808 to yield 9.06 % . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
The catastrophe losses sustained by insurers this year will probably be the worst on an inflation-adjusted basis since 1906 -- when another earthquake sparked the Great San Francisco Fire . 
The IRA 's conception is murky . 
Aluminum Co. of America dropped 1 1\/2 to 70 1\/4 , Phelps Dodge fell 4 to 59 7\/8 , Asarco lost 1 3\/8 to 31 3\/4 , Reynolds Metals slid 1 3\/8 to 50 3\/8 , Amax dropped 1 1\/8 to 21 5\/8 and Cyprus Minerals skidded 2 to 26 3\/4 . 
Part of both the costs and the savings could be passed on to shippers on the TransCanada pipeline through tolls , which are based on the value of the pipeline system and the cost of operating it . 
Soo Line said its board appointed a special committee of independent directors to study the proposal . 
Mr. Honecker 's removal `` was bound to happen , '' says one aide to Chancellor Kohl . 
`` It 's a misconception that physical fitness is something for the young and middle-aged , '' says Michael Pacholik , sales manager of the LA Fitness club , Diamond Bar , Calif . 
Mr. Herman is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
The production had actors playing Mr. Anderson and former hostages David Jacobsen , the Rev. Benjamin Weir and Father Lawrence Jenco . 
`` There is talk of some revamping and we 're certainly heading in the direction of less and less animation , '' said Joseph S. Cicero , vice president of finance and administration for National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co . 
The key will be whether Arizona real estate turns around or at least stabilizes , he said . 
Agents say airlines , which track ticket numbers of all stolen tickets , should be doing more to catch the thieves by confiscating the tickets when they 're used . 
The electronics maker and retailer previously estimated the sale price at between $ 100 million and $ 200 million for Datatronic 's Victor microcomputer and Micronic hand-held computer subsidiaries . 
In December 1988 , Messrs. Peltz and May sold their stock in Triangle Industries Inc. , a packaging company they controlled , to Pechiney Corp. of France . 
`` Human nature being what it is , people do n't always follow instructions , '' says Jack Guzewich , chief of food protection for the New York state Health Department . 
Though the bank is n't performing as well as some of its competitors in the lucrative California market , its condition has improved since Mr. Decker took over . 
It may stand as a metaphor for how wide and deep the divisions in that society continue to be however we try to deny their existence . 
The Merc received considerable criticism in 1987 when it was discovered that its compliance director , Kevin P. Conway , who then was responsible for policing the exchange 's busy oil and metal pits , `` was engaged in other personal business activities on Exchange time , '' including out-of-state trips , according to a New York Merc report prepared last year . 
The debt-laden parent has been under pressure from large shareholders to boost the company 's share price . 
In the coming months , however , this is likely to change . 
Irving maintained -- and still does -- that its actions were proper under its account agreements with customers . 
Business : Luxury cars 
In a separate complaint also filed in federal court here , shareholder Max Grill of New York charged Imperial , its top executives and directors with breach of fiduciary duty and squandering the company 's assets . 
The legal fight was the subject of a Wall Street Journal story yesterday . 
It also had $ 479.7 million of past-due loans ; its level of reserves against those was n't immediately available , though it is believed to be small . 
Ryder System Inc. posted a third-quarter net loss of $ 27.6 million , because of an expected $ 57 million after-tax charge and continued weakness in the company 's truck-rental business . 
-- Sam Ewing . 
Even if there is no restructuring , Manville seems to be attractive long-term . 
The union is the bargaining representative for more than 20,000 Michigan state employees . 
Just last month , a Bank of New York subsidiary agreed to buy the credit-card operation of Dreyfus Corp. 's Dreyfus Consumer Bank for $ 168 million , a transaction that is expected to be completed by the end of the year . 
Pretax earnings declined 1.3 % . 
In a statement issued after the meeting , the aerospace giant said it wo n't increase its offer although adjustments within the proposed pay-and-benefit mix are possible . 
`` You ca n't say it 's a `` tsunami '' ( tidal wave ) , but we 're making some headway , '' says Fannie Mae 's chairman , David O. Maxwell , who visits Tokyo at least once a year to explain and drum up investor interest in mortgage securities . 
The reaction to the UAL debacle `` is mindless , '' says John Connolly , chief market strategist at Dean Witter . 
For instance , wages of private-sector hospital workers leaped 6.6 % in the 12 months ended in September , compared with 4.4 % for workers in all industries . 
Granges Inc. , citing depressed gold prices , said it plans to suspend operations for an indefinite period at its Tartan gold mine in Manitoba . 
Integrated Resources Inc. , the troubled financial-services company that has been trying to sell its core companies to restructure debt , said talks with a potential buyer ended . 
In late August , four contract workers were injured and one Phillips employee died after an explosion at a fuel supply line near the facility 's boiler house . 
Some delays have been caused by a shortage of micoprocessors -- notably Intel Corp. 's newest chip , the 486 -- but others apparently have been caused by Dell 's explosive growth and thinly stretched resources . 
Time Warner Inc. recently formed a `` synergy department '' to seek out ways to offer advertisers packages that could combine Time 's magazines with Warner products such as videocassettes . 
Volume was an active 643.3 million shares , about double the recent levels but down from 959.3 million the previous day , which U.K. traders have dubbed `` Manic Monday . '' 
He says `` blaming futures is like blaming the messenger . '' 
Ford predicted fourth-quarter net income will fall below the year-earlier level , partly because of a likely $ 500 million charge from the sale of its steel operations . 
A Manville spokesman would n't elaborate on the proposed changes . 
In Japan , many desktop terminals are limited to one function and ca n't communicate with other machines . 
Officials familiar with the talks said Citicorp had discussed lowering the offer to $ 250 a share , but said that price was a talking point and that no decision has been made . 
Supporting banks will sign a `` Texas Declaration of Independents . '' 
The company said its quarterly results are now being publicly filed as the result of the formation earlier this year of employee stock investment plans . 
`` It 's bad soil , '' he says . 
He and Mr. Bologna emphasized that both companies would gain technological knowledge through the sale of Gen-Probe , which will expand `` significantly '' as a result of the acquisition . 
Eiji Nakazato , a Takashimaya general manager , admits that his company 's image is similar to Saks 's and that there is some interest in the idea . 
An official at Consolidated Freightways Inc. , a Menlo Park , Calif. , less-than-truckload carrier , said rate discounting in that industry has begun to `` stabilize . '' 
( Another one-third are already on Medicaid when they enter the nursing homes , a considerably higher proportion than the analysts anticipated . ) 
Raymond Corp. lost 1 to 10 after it said late Thursday that it will take a $ 4.4 million charge in its third quarter for reserves to cover potential charges in connection with the closing and sale of a manufacturing plant . 
They include : 
Also named in the suit is Media Home Entertainment Inc. of Culver City , Calif. , its parent , Heron Communications Inc. , and Broadstar Television of Los Angeles , holders of the copyright on the movie . 
Vickers PLC , a British aerospace , defense and automotive conglomerate , said it reached an agreed cash bid of # 108.2 million ( $ 173.3 million ) for Ross Catherall Group PLC , a maker of specialty alloy and ceramics . 
The computer would let the machine run just until that order was filled , eliminating waste . 
Total operating expenses increased 3.5 % to $ 2.78 billion from $ 2.69 billion . 
Both plans would drop child-care provisions from the House version of the deficit-reduction legislation and let it progress as a separate bill . 
The action abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts to fund the payments , but is widely seen as a more realistic means of expediting reparations first authorized in 1988 . 
Rumors to the effect that the Merksamer chain would file for Chapter 11 arose last week in the jewelry industry . 
Defendants include British Petroleum America ; Trinidad Corp. , the shipper ; and the pipeline liability fund . 
Certainly , the Oct. 13 sell-off did n't settle any stomachs . 
The comptroller and auditor-general of India reports serious lapses in the government 's technical and financial evaluation of the Bofors deal . 
In five minutes , the Dow industrials climbed almost 30 points . 
Continental , a unit of Texas Air Corp. , slashed the size of its note offering from $ 150 million to $ 71 million . 
Paul Asquith , associate professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Sloan School of Management , citing a pattern of junk-bond default rates that are low in the early years after issuance and rise later , says , `` We 're now in a period where we 're starting to see defaults from the big issue years of 1984 to 1986 . '' 
Copyright specialist Neil Boorstyn , who writes the monthly Copyright Law Journal newsletter , is joining McCutchen , Doyle , Brown & Enersen . 
It was widely predicted that free agency would allow the glamorous , `` big market '' teams to monopolize the best talent , but quite the opposite has occurred : Twelve different clubs have won titles in the 14 seasons since its advent . 
Finding him became an obsession for Mr. Stoll . 
But the Makro chain , which operates as a joint venture between K mart and SHV Holdings N.V. of the Netherlands , has only six stores and annual sales that one analyst estimated at about $ 300 million . 
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear . 
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage-backed securities , reversing a recent trend . 
That was when the exchange took a new tack by publishing monthly statistics listing the top 15 program trading firms . 
Rockwell , based in El Segundo , Calif. , is an aerospace , electronics , automotive and graphics concern . 
Airline Economics Inc. , an aviation consulting firm , is projecting an industrywide operating profit of $ 2.5 billion for 1989 , compared with earlier forecasts of $ 3 billion to $ 3.5 billion . 
Tom Schumacher , executive vice president and general manager of the California Trucking Association in Sacremento , said his organization urged trucking firms to halt all deliveries into the Bay area yesterday , except for emergency-medical supplies . 
`` Shippers wo n't be able to look for transportation-cost savings as they have for the last eight or nine years . 
The aerospace concern earned $ 28.8 million , or 61 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Beta is a handy gauge that measures the volatility of a stock or stock mutual fund . 
With $ 150 billion of CDs maturing this month , a lot of people have been scouring the financial landscape for just such an investment . 
b - Week ended Wednesday , October 25 , 1989 and Wednesday October 18 , 1989 . 
There is n't any way to continuously measure the amount of tritium in the heavy water , so it 's been difficult to tell whether the tritium formation is related to the heat bursts or some other phenomenon . 
The September decline followed an even steeper drop of 6.2 % in August and left housing starts at their weakest since October 1982 , when the country was nearing the end of a recession . 
Rep. Austin Murphy ( D. , Pa. ) , chairman of the House labor standards subcommittee , said they might have done better `` if we 'd held their feet to the fire . '' 
Control Data 's third-party maintenance unit services products primarily made by Digital Equipment Corp. and International Business Machines Corp . 
The company said it would have no further comment . 
Joseph Grano , president of retail sales and marketing at PaineWebber Group Inc. , still thinks that individual investors will eventually go back into the stock market . 
Leucadia , New York , estimated it had a pre-tax gain on the transaction of $ 57 million , including its part of Brae 's gain . 
THE FEDERAL COURT of appeals in Manhattan ruled that the dismissal of a 1980 indictment against former Bank of Crete owner George Koskotas should be reconsidered . 
`` They wo n't fight the listed companies . 
Kyle manufactures electronic components . 
John Wells , 47 , former president and chief executive of N W Ayer 's Chicago office , was named management director and director of account services at WPP Group 's J. Walter Thompson agency in Chicago ... . 
Some 34,320 fans jammed the stands , and shouted at the top of their lungs . 
But meanwhile , USAir is expected to show losses or lackluster profit for several quarters as it tries to digest Piedmont Airlines , which it acquired . 
Only 4 % of Missouri small businesses surveyed say they 've tested an employee or applicant for drug or alcohol use ... . 
For that matter , perhaps he fixed to the wrong currency . 
The owner was Israel Ortiz , a 29-year-old entrepreneur and father of two . 
But their ideal of an Afrikaner homeland , an all-white reserve to be carved out of present-day South Africa , is a mainstream desire of the right-wing , which embraces about one-third of the country 's five million whites . 
Surveys repeatedly show that small-business owners rank the availability and rising cost of health insurance as one of their biggest concerns . 
`` I can tell you that nobody quit over it . 
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment . 
What scientists have known since the late 1970s is that there is a hole in the layer over Antarctica that expands or contracts from year to year . 
The stock has a 3.5 % dividend yield and goes ex-dividend today . 
An article in the World Business Report of Sept. 22 editions incorrectly referred to his father , Grand Duke Jean , as the crown prince . 
Stock prices rose . 
He figures P&G will expand its personal-care product line in Japan to `` continue that momentum . '' 
United Technologies Corp. won an $ 18 million Army contract for helicopter modifications and spare parts . 
We do not depend on pharmaceutical companies for our support . 
The guide is young and he knows this business but he wants a different life after college , such as working for IBM and wearing a necktie . 
The defense electronics concern attributed the operating improvement to higher profit margins and lower net interest expense . 
He cashed in . 
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
The Rothschilds hope to use a long history in private banking and an aura of exclusivity to attract private and institutional investors . 
Another interesting example is the poison pill adopted recently by Pittsburgh-based National Intergroup Inc. , a diversified holding company . 
Industry executives are wishing Mr. Achenbaum well . 
$ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 1\/2 % coupon at par via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd . 
Immune Response Corp. -- Three million common shares , via Merrill Lynch . 
Deutsche Bank has actively sought a French acquisition for at least two years . 
`` What seem to be interpreted as great conflicts are relatively minor issues of tactics , '' he said . 
Here 's a Waltana , '' he exclaims , picking one off a tree . 
Intermoda will initially only send the textile and clothing section of the Quelle catalog , translated into Russian , to Soviet customers who have access to convertible currency . 
The land available for housing construction stands at about 46.2 square meters a person -- 18 % lower than in Taiwan and only about half that of Japan . 
For its future strategy , Columbia officials said the thrift may branch out into commercial lending or managing outside investments , as well as beefing up more traditional thrift activities . 
Mr. Kelly built the company 's high-yield bond group , which has been a minor player in the junk-bond arena . 
The cycle has been repeated several times since China began reforming its planned economy in 1979 . 
Montgomery County , Maryland -- $ 75 million of general consolidated public improvement bonds of 1989 , Series B , via competitive bid . 
Claiborne 's directors also declared its regular cash dividend payment of five cents a share payable on Dec. 5 to shareholders of record at the close of business on Nov. 13 . 
The House Appropriations Committee approved a $ 2.85 billion aid package for the quake region , less than the $ 3.8 billion sought by California officials . 
Now they plan to sell us products that sift through all the information to give us what we really want to know . 
On average in the latest nine months , company-operated units in the U.S. had $ 90,552 more in sales than did franchised outlets . 
The plunge followed a drop of $ 56.875 Monday , amid indications the takeover may take weeks to be revived . 
After the sixth congress , journalists seized the opportunity provided by the liberalization to probe previously taboo subjects . 
The tab even covers $ 8 million in commitment fees owed to Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , even though their failure to obtain $ 7.2 billion in bank loans for the buy-out was the main reason for its collapse . 
Expo enthusiasts argue that holding the fair would attract businesses , create jobs and help renovate abandoned sections of town . 
Yesterday , Sen. Packwood acknowledged , `` We do n't have the votes for cloture today . '' 
Finally , the official estimates understate growth because they make inadequate allowance for improvements in quality of goods and services . 
Mr. North remains in heavy demand as a speaker , for fees reported in the $ 20,000 range . 
Some 1,750 members quit the exchange last year , more than triple the number of resignations in 1987 . 
Two such actions , both filed earlier this year in Georgia state court in Atlanta , could be particularly embarrassing to the industry : both name J. Chandler Peterson , an Atlanta financial planner who is a founder and past chairman of the IAFP , as defendant . 
Eastern ultimately decided it would have to keep and operate the routes itself , which would leave it with less cash for its reorganization . 
Still , it was in Argentine editions that his countrymen first read his story of Pascal Duarte , a field worker who stabbed his mother to death and has no regrets as he awaits his end in a prison cell : `` Fate directs some men down the flower-bordered path , and others down the road bordered with thistles and prickly pears . 
According to veteran watchers of Unificationist affairs , such as Dr. J. Gordon Melton , director of the Institute for the Study of American Religion , almost all operations are being drastically reduced as Mr. Moon now concentrates more on developing his empire in the Far East . 
`` In every case , people would like to see a consentual plan , '' he said . 
And they eyeball types of risk that are not easily quantified . 
The Big Board also has a terrible communication problem with individual investors , '' he added . 
Another analyst said the Cananea return to operation may not be as near as some expect . 
Another factor weighing on the Frankfurt market involves fears about the impending wage talks between the IG Metall metal-workers union and industry representatives , which could result in a wave of strikes next spring , traders said . 
This is not only because it kills the unborn , a job at which it actually is not outstandingly efficient , zapping only 50 % to 85 % of them depending on which study you read ( prostaglandin , taken in conjunction with the pill , boosts the rate to 95 % ) . 
For the government , it has become a highly volatile political issue . 
Like other foreign banks establishing a presence here , the family describes its move as a calculated decision to set up a financial services outlet in Europe 's largest economy ahead of the integration of European Community markets after 1992 . 
Aug. 6 , 1987 : 
Instead of replicating the S&P 500 or some other index exactly , some stocks are overweighted or underweighted in the portfolio . 
In the wake of Campeau 's problems , prices of junk bonds tumbled , throwing into doubt the ability of corporate acquirers to finance large takeovers with the help of junk bond sales . 
Exchange officials also point out that Hibor futures were designed for institutions and corporations , not for the type of small individual investors who were very active in Hang Seng index futures and defaulted in the 1987 crash . 
Kidder made an abrupt about-face on program trading yesterday , after a special meeting between the firm 's president and chief executive officer , Michael Carpenter , and its senior managers . 
Many issues `` bounced off the floor , '' Mr. Minella said , and benchmark junk issues `` recovered all of their losses '' from Friday and early yesterday . 
Par , a generic-drug maker that has been plagued by management problems , was already the subject of a federal criminal inquiry into the drug-approval process and a Food and Drug Administration investigation . 
GOLDEN WEST FINANCIAL CORP. , Oakland , savings and loan , annual revenue of $ 1.4 billion , NYSE , had only minor damage to a few branches and no injured employees . 
Moreover , the company , whose go-it-alone approach nearly proved fatal , now sees alliances with others as the way back to prosperity in what it calls `` the data solutions '' business . 
`` It made our New Year , '' says Mr. Quinlan . 
Crested Butte , population 1,200 , is a bastion of the sport . 
An Applied Solar spokesman said completion is expected at the end of the year or early next year . 
But even on the federal bench , specialization is creeping in , and it has become a subject of sharp controversy on the newest federal appeals court . 
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes . 
Jonathan H. Kress , the son of the painting 's former owner , Mrs. Rush Kress , dismisses the price talk as `` sour grapes . '' 
In effect , McCaw has forced LIN 's hand by bidding $ 1.9 billion for the stake earlier this month . 
The latest nine months included charges of $ 95 million related to the company 's South African subsidiary and unused pipe sold by its crude oil pipeline unit . 
While the Tigreans are communists , like the Eritreans they are among the most anti-Soviet guerrillas in the world , having suffered more than a decade of aerial bombardment by the Soviet-supplied Mengistu air force . 
But as you may know , things are not going well for Violetta . 
The most immediate effect is in New York , where former manufacturers of the anti-miscarriage drug DES -- the synthetic female hormone diethylstilbestrol -- face the prospect of shared liability for damages in many of the 700 to 1,000 DES lawsuits pending in that state . 
Great Western said it had a sharp increase in margins in the recent third quarter . 
Colombia 's judges launched a 72-hour strike to press security demands following Tuesday 's murder of a High Court justice in Medellin . 
Would-be naysayers should have the burden of proving reasonable necessity when they urge a prohibition for enactment into law . 
Ad Notes ... . 
The new product has performed well in a market test in Las Vegas , Nev. , Mr. Calloway said . 
Add the fact that any one of them , including Pa , could be her attacker , and you have a setting that does n't resemble small-town America , or even Hollywood 's nightmare of small-town America , so much as a paranoid feminist dystopia like Margaret Atwood 's `` The Handmaid 's Tale , '' itself soon to be ( you guessed it ) a Hollywood movie . 
Other issues said to be included in the buy program were Procter & Gamble , which rose 2 7\/8 to 133 1\/2 ; Atlantic Richfield , which gained 2 to 103 3\/4 , and Rockwell International , which jumped 2 3\/4 to 27 1\/8 . 
They 'd actually left the Soviet Union with $ 480 , but during a stop in Italy Ms. Volokh dropped $ 80 on a black velvet suit . 
Electronic theft by foreign and industrial spies and disgruntled employees is costing U.S. companies billions and eroding their international competitive advantage . 
Normally , Violetta can go about her business without wondering whether she is moving as gracefully as the scenery . 
Bond resale prices , and thus fund share prices , move in the opposite direction from rates . 
When interest rates have dropped , it makes sense for corporations to do just that ; they then save on interest costs . 
The industry , which currently employs about 25,000 people in London , has shed about 2,500 jobs over the past two years . 
Bond Corp. said the acknowledged losses mean net asset backing is in the red to the tune of 53 Australian cents a share , vs. positive asset backing of A$ 1.92 a share a year ago . 
Prosecutors in Miami received yet another setback . 
And by late Friday afternoon , actually after the close , we decided that was the wrong tone to take . 
`` Solidarity does n't care for the good of this region , '' he says after a few pleasantries . 
MiniScribe Corp. , Longmont , Colo. , said it introduced a one-inch high , 80-megabyte hard disk drive that it hopes will prove popular with makers of high-performance laptop and portable computers . 
`` The terms announced today are strictly between the United States and Gulf Power , '' said U.S. Attorney Robert L. Barr . 
October 's numbers , which wo n't be released for a month , are down further , mutual fund executives say . 
Revenue rose 11 % , to $ 8 billion from $ 7.2 billion . 
Santa Fe Pacific plans to sell 20 % of its large real estate unit to a California pension fund for $ 400 million and spin the rest off to shareholders . 
He bought at share prices ranging from $ 9.375 to $ 9.625 . 
Dunkin ' Donuts , based in Randolph , Mass. , previously said it would explore `` alternatives , '' including a leveraged buy-out of the company , but had n't set a date for submission of proposals . 
The debentures are convertible into common stock at $ 25 a share , representing a 24 % conversion premium over Thursday 's closing price . 
Aeroflot 's international fleet of 285 planes is being repainted and refurbished at Shannon Airport . 
`` You have to count everything . '' 
They all are strongly opposed to a petition from several Japanese TV manufacturers , including Matsushita , Hitachi , and Toshiba , to exempt portable color TVs with liquid-crystal displays from anti-dumping duties that the U.S. imposes on the larger Japanese color TVs . 
But they need not be to do their jobs well . 
Tokyo stocks , which rebounded strongly Tuesday , extended their gains yesterday , but most other Asian and Pacific markets closed sharply lower . 
There is no charge for research -- only for time on the phone . 
Despite the drop in prices for thoroughbreds , owning one still is n't cheap . 
The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Terrorism and Narcotics of the Foreign Relations Committee on Feb. 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 , 1988 , and again on April 4 , 1988 . 
`` Maybe Akzo can surprise the investment world a bit , '' said Jaap Visker , an analyst at Amsterdam-Rotterdam Bank NV . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , the company closed yesterday at $ 45.50 a share , up 25 cents . 
( Remember the Dalkon Shield and the early birth-control pills ? ) 
Harsco produces products for defense , industrial , commercial and construction markets . 
The linkup with Credit Agricole will give Nuovo Banco its first foreign presence since it was formed from the wreck of the old Banco Ambrosiano , which collapsed amid scandal after the death of Chairman Roberto Calvi in 1982 . 
Like many of his colleagues , he did n't serve in Vietnam in the 1960s yet embraced a hawkish defense and foreign policy -- even voting against a 1984 resolution critical of the U.S. mining of Nicaraguan harbors . 
In some cases , competition has squeezed margins . 
The meeting had been scheduled for Nov. 10 but the company delayed the meeting to allow time for the Securities and Exchange Commission to review the proposal . 
The bonds are all rated single-A by Moody 's Investors Service Inc . 
Since then he has expanded his fleet and can now bring his furs to the front door of retailers as far away as the Midwest . 
The committee is to recommend at the end of the month whether DOE should support cold fusion research . 
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure . 
For especially stubborn haunts , Mr. Baker carries a secret weapon , a vial of cornstarch . 
The Democratic appointee has n't been determined , the official said . 
GREAT NORTHERN NEKOOSA is being sought by another big paper company , Georgia-Pacific , for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion . 
However , most universities that have bought the machines say they are buying small numbers for evaluation purposes . 
The company also faces delisting by the National Association of Securities Dealers . 
Although it ultimately was n't offered to him , he will be on retainer to American Express as an adviser on international matters . 
The owners , William and Margie Hammack , are luckier than many others . 
The bailout was cobbled together over the weekend , with officials from the Federal Reserve Board , Securities and Exchange Commission , Comptroller of the Currency and Treasury as well as the options exchanges . 
A consumer poll conducted in early September by Leo J. Shapiro & Associates , a market researcher based in Chicago , also suggests a modest holiday . 
There 's no huge buying , '' said Stephen Hill , head of equity sales at Jardine Fleming Securities Ltd. in Tokyo . 
Still , analysts believe that profit margins in the potato business will be down again this year . 
To make matters even more confusing , the earlier U.S. experience made clear that Mr. Lawson 's tax cuts would have profound effects on Britain 's international accounts and the value of sterling . 
At the end of it all , the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 3.69 to 2659.22 . 
So too , according to many reports , is British Airways PLC , despite its public withdrawal from the buy-out . 
The market for $ 200 billion of high-yield junk bonds regained some of its footing as the Dow Jones Industrial Average rebounded from Friday 's plunge . 
September 's growth followed a 8.7 % rise in July and an 8 % increase in August , showing continued expansion at high year-on-year levels . 
The big apparel maker and retailer said that its net income in the latest quarter increased to $ 51.1 million , or 58 cents a share , from $ 31.7 million , or 36 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Measures of manufacturing activity fell more than the overall measures . 
At the trade show , Specialized also unveiled a revolutionary three-spoked bike wheel developed jointly by Specialized and Du Pont Co . 
President Roh Tae Woo 's administration has been studying the real-estate crisis for the past year with an eye to partial land redistribution . 
John R. Wilke contributed to this article . 
That would make it the second-largest bank , after Barnett Banks Inc. , in a state widely considered to be the most lucrative banking market in the country . 
Eagle Clothes Inc. , which is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , said it reached an agreement with its creditors . 
The dollar 's near-term path remains foggy , according to currencny analysts , who characterize the market as `` bewildering . '' 
Dick Darman , call your office . 
While the two are among the world 's biggest advertisers , most makers of upscale cosmetics spend relatively little on national ads . 
U.S. officials expressed skepticism over an Israeli effort to show the PLO continues to practice terrorism . 
Some of this buying was by Japan , which has had its supplies sharply reduced by long production stoppages at the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea , Highland Valley mine in British Columbia , and the Cananea mine in Mexico , which are major shippers to Japan . 
The designer 's attorney , Molly Bartholow , said that Ms. Garratt was forced to start bankruptcy-law proceedings because Jerell began withholding her royalty payments last month . 
Mr. Dinkins also has failed to allay Jewish voters ' fears about his association with the Rev. Jesse Jackson , despite the fact that few local non-Jewish politicians have been as vocal for Jewish causes in the past 20 years as Mr. Dinkins has . 
It depends on when you look . 
Government statistics in fact show that the profit rate -- net pretax profits divided by capital stock -- peaked in 1965 at 17.2 % . 
But while making the obvious point that both composers develop variations from themes , this comparison ignores the intensely claustrophobic nature of Mr. Glass 's music . 
NRM said its $ 2.60 senior cumulative convertible preferred units will be converted into an equal number of shares of $ 2.60 senior cumulative convertible preferred stock of Edisto . 
When Democrats refused to budge , pro-life Republicans met at the White House with Chief of Staff John Sununu on Monday , and Mr. Bush quickly signaled a veto . 
Gen. Scowcroft does n't plan to increase the staff right now , but is weighing that possibility , the official adds . 
Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's roads and bridges are n't funded by property taxes but by state and federal gasoline taxes . 
The company said it was `` concerned about the announced intent to acquire control of the company '' by a Sugarman-led group . 
Investors and professionals alike would compete on the level playing field Congress sought and called a `` national market system '' ( not yet achieved ) almost 15 years ago when it passed the Securities Reform Act of 1975 . 
Now , because of various difficulties , the product has been scrapped . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters maintain that executives at Warner have always known of their ambitions to run a major entertainment powerhouse , but that Warner never felt threatened until they linked up with Sony . 
Without more space to incarcerate convicted criminals , he added , `` we will not win the war on drugs . '' 
Mr. Morishita says he intends to expand his business to many other areas at home and abroad . 
-- The construction of this station equal in size to the Egyptian pyramids constituted , I say it directly , a clear violation of ABM . 
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing\/electronic mail program called Gnu-Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T . 
As the gain from the sales indicates , operating profit was `` significantly '' below the year-earlier level , Mr. Cawthorn said . 
The government 's startling allegations , filed only days before the scheduled start of a criminal overcharge trial against GE in Philadelphia federal district court , challenge the motives and veracity of the nation 's third-largest defense contractor . 
Mr. Rey says the move is yet another example of his conservatism . 
The action came after the Senate approved the House-passed measure . 
Corporate Issues 
`` Clients want to see more of our senior people involved in the business -- not once a month , but two or three times a week , '' he said . 
It implies very dramatic growth , '' he said . 
But A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research , said last week 's rally was a reflex reaction to the Oct. 13 stock market rout . 
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues . 
Mr. Sculley also indicated that sagging margins , which dogged the company through most of 1989 , began to turn up in the fourth quarter as chip prices eased . 
Mr. Sawyer began running the company on an interim basis in late September . 
PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market . 
The most significant changes in department policy are new requirements that federal prosecutors avoid disrupting `` the normal business functions '' of companies charged under the racketeering law , a senior department official said . 
The editor also says the new producer on the film , Bruce Baird , told editors to screen the picture without telling stars Sylvester Stallone and Kurt Russell or Mr. Peters . 
The dispute over that issue , according to one U.S. official , is a `` potential treaty stopper , '' and only President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev may be able to resolve it . 
The company attributed the decrease in part to the exclusion of the company 's British sales from the current year 's figures as a result of the subsidiary 's status as a proposed discontinued operation and , in part , to lower sales in certain key foreign and domestic accounts . 
According to the transcript , Mr. Lorin said Mr. Laff should be killed after Mr. Aslanian told him that information given to Mr. Laff by another conspirator could jeopardize the stock scheme . 
In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , `` I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . '' 
In the 1920s , a young schoolteacher , John T. Scopes , volunteered to be a guinea pig in a test case sponsored by the American Civil Liberties Union to challenge a ban on the teaching of evolution imposed by the Tennessee Legislature . 
Companies planning to go public `` are definitely taking a second look , '' says Allen Hadhazy , senior analyst at the Institute for Econometric Research , Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , which publishes the New Issues newsletter on IPOs . 
Flexible Portfolio Funds 
At the 50%-leveraged Zenith Income Fund , portfolio manager John Bianchi recently dumped Mesa Petroleum , Wickes and Horsehead Industries , among others , to raise his cash position to a record 15 % . 
The poll also noted fear of a takeover as a stress-producing event in larger companies . 
Control Data said it expects its first RISC-based mainframe machine to be introduced next year . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
All this havoc is the result of one of the worst busts in Arizona 's boom-and-bust history , compounded by some of the usual suspects in 1980s banking debacles : greed , fraud and plain bad banking . 
The amount was n't disclosed . 
( `` I defy you to come up with one major accomplishment of David Dinkins , '' says Mr. Giuliani . ) 
They doled it out using the existing formula , however , which meant that even those countries that could n't produce more received higher official allotments . 
Still , on average , the major California banks have the highest yields on CDs , according to Banxquote . 
Rep. Gonzalez seems primed to lash out at Mr. Wall when hearings resume Thursday with testimony by two federal regulators from San Francisco , William Black and Mike Patriarca . 
Mr. Werner , 58 , was formerly senior executive vice president of the parent company and the unit . 
And as the applause dies down in showrooms along Seventh Avenue and Broadway , stylishly clad Campeau buyers will begin writing orders . 
Whether they are or are not underpaid is a problem of equity ; it is not an educational problem . 
Wells Fargo Investment Advisers , for example , managed $ 25 billion in stock investments tracking the S&P 500 at the end of June , according to Standard & Poor 's Corp . 
Miss Gabor recanted her earlier-expressed fear of jailhouse lesbians . 
Ginnie Mae 9 % securities ended at 98 6\/32 , up 9\/32 , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. 9 % securities were at 97 10\/32 , up 6\/32 . 
But today , indexing is moving from a passive investment strategy to an increasingly active one . 
Sverdlovsk is a large gray cloud over glasnost and indeed over the legitimacy of the arms-control process itself . 
Revenue increased 6.5 % to $ 42.25 billion from $ 39.68 billion . 
A somewhat higher percentage of people living in the Bay area have bought the additional insurance protection , but the great majority are n't covered . 
The mural , now valued at $ 1.3 million according to appraisers , was tossed in a trash heap in 1971 by workers who were renovating the building . 
Sierra Tucson Cos. , a Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers , has a planned doubling of capacity riding on an IPO scheduled for next week . 
But Mr. Savaiko expects stepped-up producer selling at around the $ 1,040 to $ 1,050 level . 
Jaguar finished 4 lower at 694 . 
`` It becomes a source of cash '' for the company making the LBO because it gets a deduction and does n't have to repay the debt for several years . 
The rating agency said it lowered the ratings on $ 75 million of the holding company 's convertible subordinated Eurodebentures to B-3 from B-1 . 
The issue is the first by Ford Motor Credit , a unit of Ford Motor Co. , and the second largest in the four-year history of the $ 45 billion asset-backed market . 
Though the play clearly is framed around the events of Iran-Contra , it takes in the wide sweep of scandals over the past 30 years . 
If foreign tourists and businesses could sell their currencies freely at the new , better exchange rate , that would enable the State Bank to increase its dollar reserves and would mop up some of the excess rubles in the economy at the same time . 
Brooks Brothers , which Marks bought last year , saw operating profit drop in half to # 5 million . 
But first on the list of priorities , says the National Federation of Independent Business , is to prohibit state laws requiring the inclusion of specialty items , such as psychiatric care , in basic health plans . 
Plaster fell and windows were broken at Chiat\/Day\/Mojo , a spokesman for that agency said . 
Japan 's production of cars , trucks and buses in September fell 4.1 % from a year ago to 1,120,317 units because of a slip in exports , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers ' Association said . 
Since leaving Juilliard , Mr. McDuffie has made some smart moves and some controversial ones . 
The raiders , meanwhile , have evolved their own pattern for spending their new millions . 
Overhead costs at some of the largest charities , in millions of dollars 
Others are replacing older facilities with flexible assembly lines on which different models can be turned out at once . 
According to this theory , Warner executives , hoping to strengthen their relationships with the producers , encouraged Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters in their ambitions to build a major entertainment company . 
And he is n't the only big spender : NBC will pay a record $ 401 million for the 1992 Summer Games , and ESPN , 80%-owned by Capital Cities\/ABC , will shell out $ 400 million for four years of baseball , airing 175 regular-season games a year . 
It is probably continuing and may well account for most of , or all of , present-day global warming . 
Rejection has been the major obstacle in the approximately 30,000 organ transplants performed world-wide each year . 
And they want the U.S. to help them sell overseas . 
Its contract expires Dec. 1 . 
Credit analysts said investors are nervous about the issue because they say the company 's ability to meet debt payments is dependent on too many variables , including the sale of assets and the need to mortgage property to retire some existing debt . 
Steve Milunovich , a securities analyst at First Boston , said that while investors were looking for an excuse to buy IBM shares a year ago , even the big institutional investors are looking for a reason to avoid the stock these days . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
But the new commercials deal with it indirectly by showing a woman smiling as she tries to get up from a fall . 
Others preach the gospel of buying only blue-chip growth stocks . 
Federated ran into a cash crunch after it was acquired last year by Campeau , which relied heavily on debt to finance the transaction . 
As a result , GOP state Rep. Stephen Freind of Delaware County , the legislature 's leading foe of abortion , has been given all but free rein to press a strict seven-point plan to restrict abortion and , he hopes , to force the Supreme Court directly to reassess its 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that established the right of abortion in the first place . 
Led by the Federation of Korean Industries , the critics are lobbying for the government to weaken its proposed restrictions and penalties . 
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater , confirming comments made this week by Vice President Dan Quayle , said Mr. Bush is `` interested '' in finding a suitable test case . 
Sterling was trading at $ 1.5805 , down from $ 1.5820 late Monday . 
The study , by Susan Devesa , William Blot and Joseph Fraumeni of the institute 's staff , also shows that the incidence of lung cancer as well as the death rate declined over the decade for all groups in the 35-44 age bracket , except black men . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Pfizer closed at $ 67.75 a share , up 75 cents . 
The action follows Federal Express Corp. 's acquisition of Flying Tiger Line Inc. in August . 
All this is causing convulsions in professional football . 
But vendors contend that they ca n't control how their products are used . 
Government officials were expected to combine Waertsilae Marine with two other struggling firms , and thus ensure Finland 's survival as a shipbuilding nation . 
A small farmer and a seaport merchant could not be represented by the same spokesman , they said . 
Inco closed at $ 31.125 a share , down 62.5 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
In the same sentence he contradicts himself when he reports that the government still retains 40 % of the total equity of the airline . 
What is even more ironic is that all over the world nations are learning that well-intentioned public programs often backfire . 
Mr. Dorgen has changed tactics , dropping the seat-for-the-secretary idea . 
One of the best movies about the child-parent thing in recent years was `` Raising Arizona , '' the 1987 Coen brothers ' comedy that definitely was not about the folks next door . 
The suit , filed in federal court in Manhattan , charges that New York 's mandatory retirement age of 76 violates federal law . 
The guide scoops into a pail and puts a frantically wiggling croaker on the hook . 
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co-payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers . 
In addition , the effective interest rate on the $ 410 million of total remaining bank debt after the restructuring is 10.66 % . 
These revised figures also may explain some of the recent strength of the dollar . 
Perhaps the biggest challenge , however , will be to prevent a return to its former corporate rigidity as its recovery continues . 
The question of control could further hinder long-delayed plans for the government to divest itself of Philippine Airlines , in which it has a 99 % stake . 
Then , two weeks ago -- declaring that `` I 'm not looking for any conflict over this '' -- the president said he would consider a compromise to fund abortions for poor women in cases of rape and incest . 
Brush Wellman Inc. said its board increased the number of shares of common stock to be purchased under a previously authorized program to 3.9 million from 2.9 million . 
Industry watchers agree that Brooks Brothers is long overdue in updating its buttoned-down image , which has stunted its growth . 
Computer Sciences Corp. , El Segundo , Calif. , said it is close to making final an agreement to buy Cleveland Consulting Associates from Saatchi & Saatchi 
In the second step of a reorganization that began earlier this year , Boeing Co. said it will create a Defense and Space Group to consolidate several divisions . 
`` The best odds are with your core franchise . 
But by most accounts , he made little of the post and was best known among city politicians for his problems making up his mind on matters before the city 's Board of Estimate , the body that votes on crucial budget and land-use matters . 
The adjustments result from the recently passed thrift-industry bailout legislation , which requires thrifts to divest all high-yield bond investments by 1994 . 
Union Pacific Corp. 's rail unit said that except for damage to shipping containers in its Oakland yard , its track , bridges and structures were unharmed . 
For example , insurers may seek to limit their future exposure to catastrophes by increasing the amount of reinsurance they buy . 
Tons of delectably rotting potatoes , barley and wheat will fill damp barns across the land as thousands of farmers turn the state 's buyers away . 
The company said its real estate portfolio is `` highly leveraged , '' while about two-thirds of its investments are n't income-producing . 
The utility 's stock closed at $ 4 a share , up 37.5 cents , in composite trading on the Big Board . 
The company has been considered an industry leader in advocating cooperation and voluntary disclosures of improper or inflated billing practices . 
American Medical accepted the offer , meanwhile indicating it had heard from two other suitors . 
`` We could have called ourselves the Academic Intellectual Society , but then everyone would have said , ` Oh , you mean the nerd-and-geek club , ' '' Leonid Fridman , SONG 's graduate-student adviser , told 19 attendees at the club 's inaugural meeting earlier this month . 
Rep. Edward Markey ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee , is pushing the idea of a circuit breaker for computer-driven program trading in hopes that would curb `` turmoil '' in the marketplace . 
Earlier , American Medical said it had been approached again by two other possible suitors , whom it would n't identify but who had previously submitted bids for the company . 
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully . 
`` When I saw the Lexus sales projections , I got worried , '' confesses Takashi Oka , who led the Infiniti development team . 
The Barre dictatorship simply is limited in the amount of people it can torture and kill . 
Needless to say , it was an interesting first session ! 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
Guaranteed minimum 6 % . 
In 1989 , Mr. Steinhardt says he made money trading in Texas Air , AMR and UAL . 
`` Empty tank cars will float away on you if you get a big tidal surge . '' 
Nixdorf , Bull and others will also sell versions of the machine , said Mips President Robert Miller . 
Supporters of poison pills argue that their adoption forces bidders to negotiate with a corporation 's directors , who are thereby put in a better position to pursue the long-term interests of the corporation . 
Analysts expect Federal 's earnings to improve again in its fiscal third quarter ending Feb. 28 , when the company should begin benefiting from Tiger 's extra flights , back-up planes and landing rights . 
The Federal National Mortgage Association set up a three-member office of the chairman and elected James A. Johnson as vice chairman , effective Jan. 1 . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Fireman 's closed at $ 35.50 a share , down 50 cents . 
But Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa said the offer was for $ 7 in cash and unspecified StatesWest securities valued at $ 3 a share . 
Adds Candice Ohlman , the 35-year-old masseuse who plies her trade in the Grand Rapids office , `` They fall in love with my hands . '' 
A heavy , kerchiefed woman runs a handful through her fingers , and counts him out a pile of zlotys . 
Health Care Property holds an interest in 139 facilities in 30 states . 
The company unveiled more than 50 products , mostly software , that are designed to integrate the three areas of a manufacturing operation -- the plant floor , design operations and production planning . 
Southern Air Transport Inc. won $ 47.5 million in Air Force and Navy contracts for transportation services . 
These are real costs . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
South Korean exports to the U.S. during the period fell 1.6 % from a year ago to $ 15.06 billion , while imports from the U.S. soared 26 % to $ 11.56 billion . 
Monthly sales of his Egg King machine -- which he now is marketing through a new company -- have sunk to about half a dozen from a peak of 75 , says the 46-year-old businessman . 
To many Japanese , pachinko is benign or enticingly unsavory . 
Meanwhile , the average yield on six-month CDs of more than $ 90,000 fell to 7.93 % in the latest week , according to Banxquote , from 8.10 % the week before . 
As of Sept. 30 , American Brands had 95.2 million shares outstanding . 
Over time , through benchmark surveys , the corrected data on service exports and imports have been gathered . 
Mr. Bebear contended that the tax cost to the exchanges under the revised structure would be about $ 8 million a year , which he described as `` peanuts . 
Mr. Seidman says he turned down a Lexus franchise in part because `` the building was gorgeous but very expensive . '' 
But the Oct. 17 temblor put a halt to much nonessential building , and heavy rains last week slowed the rest , freeing construction workers for earthquake repairs . 
Mr. Mastro has been with the New York U.S. attorney 's office for nearly five years . 
The company is exposed to bulk chemicals , however . 
PWA 's long-term debt and capital lease obligations rose to C$ 1.24 billion at the end of the second quarter , nearly double the year-earlier figure , reflecting debt absorbed under the Wardair purchase . 
Its counterpart , the Nasdaq Financial Index , was weak for most of the day , sliding 2.51 to 453.57 by the end of trading . 
Mr. Leemans said the hybrid rapeseeds created with this genetic engineering yield 15 % to 30 % more output than the commercial strains used currently . 
And especially , as the Cobb Parkway strip attests , in cars . 
The pilots ' insistence on majority ownership also may make the idea of a recapitalization difficult to achieve . 
The President came up with a good bill , but now may end up signing the awful bureaucratic creature hatched on Capitol Hill . 
Ford said then it would keep the Scorpio . 
Baldwin Technology Co. -- 2,600,000 Class A shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
If you 'd like to see the first time Michelle Pfeiffer sang on screen , and you have a lot of patience , take a look at `` Grease 2 . '' 
The pertinent question , coming at the end of a lengthy , confidential questionnaire , was this : `` Are there things about your college life you would like to tell us that we did n't ask about ? '' 
The share repurchase will be funded mostly from borrowings . 
In addition , earnings growth took a back seat to cash flow , restructuring and takeover potential , and breakup value as the preferred stock-picking standards for much of the year . 
All drug-consuming countries must jointly decide to combat and punish the consumers and distributors of drugs . 
It said it does n't anticipate any loss of principal on two of the loans , comprising $ 85 million of these credits . 
The $ 6 billion that some 40 companies are looking to raise in the year ending March 31 compares with only $ 2.7 billion raised on the capital market in the previous fiscal year . 
L.H. Blum Beaumont , Texas 
Coca-Cola Enterprises blamed the lower volume on its soft-drink prices , which were about 3 % higher in the third quarter . 
These figures are n't seasonally adjusted . 
The pilots ' Mr. Dubinsky says his union would like majority ownership for employees . 
The mine is expected to return to production in about a week . 
Under a previous buyback program , Inco has purchased 1.7 million of its shares since April . 
Yesterday , the company said the negative after-tax effect on earnings for the year will be about $ 3.3 million . 
It 's wildly overwritten . 
`` We just do n't have the staff to { deliver } it , nor do we have the space or the time , '' says a spokesman for the Schaumburg , Ill. , electronics company , which has 5,000 employees in the Austin area . 
And debt-ridden Campeau Corp. of Toronto is giving up the 17-store Bloomingdale 's group . 
According to Lawrence Eckenfelder , a securities industry analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , `` Kemper is the first firm to make a major statement with program trading . '' 
But there are times when they seize up , and panicky sellers can not find buyers . 
The separate $ 67 billion bill sent to the White House had budget difficulties , too , but was saved ultimately by its importance to a broad spectrum of interests in Congress and the administration itself . 
Reducing those rates moderately ( say , to 75 % ) would still provide substantial assistance to borrowers . 
Despite the dire assessments of knowledgeable garden professionals , Ms. Bartlett 's South Gardens design somehow continues on , seemingly impervious to reason , stalled only by bureaucratic lethargy and logistical complications . 
He painted one himself in the style of John Haberle and sold it as a 19th-century original to antique dealers in Woodbridge , Conn . 
She has indeed turned Hochiminh City Food into a budding conglomerate , but the company itself remains state-owned . 
Because it operates on a fiscal year , Bear Stearns 's yearly filings are available much earlier than those of other firms . 
Dow Chemical Co. said third-quarter net income slipped 6.8 % from a record year-ago quarter . 
Those massive structures , while posing cost and environmental headaches , effectively locked out all but deep-pocketed giants from steelmaking . 
BAY AREA COMMUTERS BATTLED earthquake-related transportation snarls . 
`` It means we 're eating into the bread that keeps us going . 
Now , with the crowd in the analysis room smelling figurative blood , the only question seemed to be how fast Mr. Kasparov could win game two . 
That 's just what Joseph Granville expects . 
Is the trouble over ? 
Dealers said there was late talk of a Whitbread sale of brewing operations to Scottish & Newcastle . 
Later , Mr. Dinkins became more deeply indebted to Mr. Sutton and other city pols , including then-City Council President Paul O'Dwyer , when they helped him get appointed city clerk , a largely ceremonial post responsible for the city 's marriage bureau , among other things . 
`` You can do that but you 're taking a risk . 
Prices for polyethylene , a common plastic and an important Carbide product , started to fall early this year ; the slide accelerated in the third quarter as buyers continued to trim inventories . 
There was limited production of some models yesterday , but it was n't clear when the normal 750-car-a-day pace will resume . 
Kidder , Peabody & Co. , a General Electric Co. unit that has become the biggest program trader along with Morgan Stanley , is n't a market maker , although the Big Board hopes that will change . 
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor . 
Prices also fell for ethylene oxide and glycols , products used in making antifreeze . 
Many bankers view property-sector loans as particularly risky . 
If they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from `` bringing home the bacon '' to their respective constituencies . 
The conspiracy was part of an effort by Mr. Reed to hide FirstSouth 's shaky financial condition from federal regulators , according to federal prosecutors and regulators . 
Meanwhile , the U.S. House of Representatives yesterday approved an $ 837.5 million aid package for Poland and Hungary that more than doubles the amount President Bush had requested . 
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program-trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue . 
The Spanish author Camilo Jose Cela won the Nobel Prize for literature yesterday , a surprising choice , but given the Swedish Academy 's past perversities , hardly the most undeserved and ridiculous accolade handed out by the awarding committee . 
Seiko Epson Corp. , a newcomer to the industry , fought off a legal challenge and started selling NEC clones last year . 
Whitbread bought the Beefeater distillery two years ago for # 174.5 million . 
Still , proponents contend that the veto would have what Mr. Glazier calls an important `` chilling effect '' on all manner of appropriations bills . 
In 1986 , some institute patients were reporting breakthrough seizures when they were switched from a specific brand-name medication to a generic one or from one generic manufacturer of a specific product to another . 
Staffers at Thompson , whose offices are in the ultramodern Embarcadero Center , watched pictures drop from the walls and then felt the skyscraper sway seven to eight feet , according to a spokeswoman . 
Southam agreed to sell its 47 % stake in Selkirk Communications Ltd. , a broadcasting concern , to Maclean Hunter Ltd. for about C$ 285 million last year . 
Dr. Minna believes people who inherit a defective gene somewhere on one of their two copies of chromosome 3 are especially prone to lung cancer . 
The securities were priced at 99.1875 to yield about 9.19 % . 
The State Department said it had received a new letter on the subject from Israeli Foreign Minister Moshe Arens , restating Israel 's previous objection to negotiating with any Palestinian tied to the PLO . 
Cutting against the downward trend was Continental , which jumped 4 marks to 346 marks ( $ 187 ) in heavy trading on rumors that the tire maker is about to be taken over . 
After a landslide win in 1984 in polls held after the assassination of his mother , Indira Gandhi , Mr. Gandhi saw his popularity begin a roller coaster ride . 
These fears were clearly apparent when , last week , Secretary of State James Baker blocked a speech by Robert Gates , deputy national security adviser and Soviet expert , on the ground that it was too pessimistic about the chances of Mr. Gorbachev 's economic reforms succeeding . 
The move was meant to keep a lid on interest rates and to boost investor confidence . 
Wall Street Journal reporters called companies with headquarters or facilities in the Bay area in a bid to assess the damage to their operations caused by Tuesday 's earthquake . 
In Illinois , lawmakers will vote before next spring on legislation requiring physicians to perform tests on fetuses at 20 weeks to determine their gestational age , weight and lung maturity along with a provision requiring that , if fetuses survive an abortion , a second doctor must be on hand to help it survive . 
If they were to insist on a low bid of , say $ 200 a share , the board might n't be able to obtain a higher offer from other bidders because banks might hesitate to finance a transaction the pilots oppose . 
The RTC has projected that it will require between $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion in temporary working capital . 
According to Gen. Sundarji , that would have forced Bofors to disclose the names of the middlemen who received kickbacks from the company . 
China General Plastics , another Taiwanese petrochemical manufacturer , was to have a 40 % stake in Luzon Petrochemical . 
Kidder denied that GE 's chairman and chief executive , John F. Welch , had anything to do with Kidder 's decision . 
`` My fastball is good . 
Last October , Mr. Paul paid out $ 12 million of CenTrust 's cash -- plus a $ 1.2 million commission -- for `` Portrait of a Man as Mars . '' 
Moreover , `` there 's no question ad rates will come down considerably '' from the GM-Toyota price , says Arnold Chase of Bozell Inc . 
The $ 942,000 purchase raised his holdings to 74,000 shares . 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 , and the bill gives the Department of Housing and Urban Development new authority to facilitate the refinancing of subsidized loans for low-income homeowners . 
Against this background , the new East German leader must move quickly to shore up his government 's standing . 
Both can be expected to go after the market aggressively : Gartner Group Inc. , a research firm , estimated the Digital gets 30 % of its revenue from the manufacturing market , and Hewlett-Packard gets 50 % . 
But city officials say tax revenues are lagging . 
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn . 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 1.8 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 15.6 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 13.81 billion in maturing bills . 
The price paid was a record for the artist . 
Cadillac may be on to something . 
It is a market attribute -- the ability to absorb selling orders without causing significant price changes in the absence of news . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
At current market prices , the twin public offerings to be completed next year would add an estimated 2.5 billion Swedish kronor ( $ 386 million ) to Trelleborg 's coffers , analysts say . 
The average seven-day simple yield of the funds fell to 8.21 % this week from 8.26 % . 
Total Merkur sales for the first nine months dropped 46 % from a year ago to just 6,320 cars . 
The early move essentially established the day 's trading range , and traders said they saw little of the program activity that has battered the market recently . 
The shutdown affects 3,000 workers and will cut output by about 4,320 cars . 
Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company approved the creation of this second class of stock , which will be traded on the national over-the-counter market and which the company said would be used for acquisitions and other general corporate purposes . 
The state 's suit alleges that Exxon 's response to the spill failed to prevent contamination of hundreds of miles of shoreline along Prince William Sound . 
Most of that increase came in the first hour after the phone lines opened at 8 a.m . 
The white group argued that whites were not fully and fairly represented , because in city-wide elections only black candidates or white candidates who catered to `` black interests '' could win . 
Judging by a poll of Wall Street Journal readers conducted this summer by Erdos & Morgan Inc. , serious investors have taken that advice to heart . 
After cooling , the coins are then rewrapped . 
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said . 
Metromedia said its unit is the fifth-largest provider of long-distance communications service in the U.S. , with projected 1989 revenue of more than $ 550 million . 
Moreover , Mr. Shattuck and others said residential real estate , which had remained fairly strong through most of the downturn , is beginning to comprise more and more of the foreclosures . 
Afghan guerrillas bombarded Kabul in a weekend assault that Western diplomats called one of the biggest offensives since the Soviet Union completed a troop withdrawal in February . 
Dr. Wyndham Wilson , a cancer treatment specialist at the National Cancer Institute , said the test is widely used in research centers but is n't having a major impact because it is only occasionally useful in choosing the most effective treatment . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 5.94 points to 2653.28 in moderate trading . 
It comes down to a question of whether to try to `` time '' the market . 
Mr. Pope owns 10,000 UAL shares and has options to buy another 150,000 at $ 69 each . 
Because the Bush administration is n't taking the initiative on health issues , business executives are dealing with congressional Democrats who champion health-care revision . 
But Pemex managers are the ones most thrilled by the contract . 
West German insurance giant Allianz AG entered the takeover battle between France 's Cie . Financiere de Paribas and Cie. de Navigation Mixte . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
And in any case , he argues , stocks of small companies are `` almost as overpriced as they were Sept. 30 , 1987 , just before the crash . '' 
Time is expected to mount a legal challenge in U.S. District Court in New York , where Viacom in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit charging Time and HBO with monopolizing the pay-TV business and trying to crush competition from Showtime . 
Warner-Lambert shares closed at $ 109.50 a share , up $ 1.50 , in Big Board composite trading yesterday . 
Revenue edged up 3.4 % to $ 904 million from $ 874 million in last year 's third quarter . 
In Spain , anyway , the 73-year-old Mr. Cela enjoys some renown for the novels and travel books he wrote during the parched Franco years , the everyday poverty and stagnant atmosphere of which he described in brutally direct , vivid prose , beginning with `` The Family of Pascal Duarte '' ( 1942 ) . 
At least two rival applications are expected to emerge in coming months , including one from TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. , Canada 's largest natural gas pipeline operator . 
But analysts caution an expected fall in metal prices next year could slow profit growth . 
Over the weekend , she said she did n't intend to change her style and denied she is authoritarian . 
Mr. Smith , 50 years old , was formerly responsible for advanced materials , which include plastic composites and alloys , in North America only . 
Sales rose 9 % to $ 2.57 billion from $ 2.36 billion . 
The report suggested that current review programs are too narrow . 
But it hints strongly that both organizations would increasingly lose their clout as the changes , particularly the introduction of wholesale trade and the breakup of state monopolies , take effect . 
Directors elected R. Marvin Womack , currently vice president\/product supply , purchasing , to head the company 's Washington , D.C. , office . 
`` I still think we will have a 3000 Dow , whether it 's six months or 12 months from now I do n't know , '' says David Dreman , managing partner of Dreman Value Management in New York . 
Sales of the heart drug TPA were $ 43.6 million , better than last year 's depressed third period when the company sold just $ 29.1 million of the drug . 
Merrill 's move is one of the most sweeping program-trading pullbacks of recent days , because the big securities firm will no longer execute stock-index arbitrage trades for customers . 
The government also urged whites to refrain from panic over growing black protests , such as the massive anti-apartheid rally Sunday on the outskirts of Soweto . 
A sinking pound makes imports more expensive and increases businesses ' expectations of future inflation , he argued . 
Mr. Dell , meanwhile , concedes the company was `` definitely too optimistic '' in its expectations . 
In the first scenario , the reserves would be exhausted next year , and in the second they would be wiped out in 1991 . 
The construction industry is sure to feel increased demand . 
After touring the area , California Gov. George Deukmejian late yesterday called for an inquiry into the freeway 's collapse , blaming the disaster on substandard construction , the Associated Press reported . 
Throw in its railroad , minerals , pipeline and oil assets , he and others argued , and the Chicago-based conglomerate should be worth 30 a share . 
Bill and Bonnie Quinlan are among the first beneficiaries of the new findings . 
' This is loyalty intelligently bestowed . '' 
`` ` Get off your ... , ' he would bellow , '' say the authors . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
`` We must find any way to get business . '' 
Customers of either DataTimes or Dow Jones News\/Retrieval are able to access the information on both services . 
The average six-month CD in that category added 0.05 percentage point to 8.35 % , for example . 
The 189 Democrats who supported the override yesterday compare with 175 who initially backed the rape-and-incest exemption two weeks ago and 136 last year on a similar vote . 
Moreover , Daewoo 's domestic sales have grown half as fast as sales of its rivals . 
Then a political novice , she stepped into a whirl of `` pro-choice '' marches , house parties and fund-raisers . 
He said he would contact Mr. Ross and Warner Brothers Chairman Robert Daly and that , in a conference call , the three agreed they could n't let the producers out of their contract . 
Three reasons were pinpointed : a preference for watching bowling and other sports on television rather than actually bowling , dowdy bowling centers , and dissatisfaction with bowling itself . 
Pro-life advocates say the White House never wavered over the veto . 
In any case , they avoid having to write off the loans . 
Eastern Reproduction Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of thin metal precision parts , must report to five federal and state agencies as well as to local fire , police , hospital and plumbing authorities , says Robert Maguire , president . 
Using estimates of the company 's future earnings under a variety of scenarios , First Boston estimated UAL 's value at $ 248 to $ 287 a share if its future labor costs conform to Wall Street projections ; $ 237 to $ 275 if the company reaches a settlement with pilots similar to one at NWA ; $ 98 to $ 121 under an adverse labor settlement , and $ 229 to $ 270 under a pilot contract imposed by the company following a strike . 
The executives say Time may seek to break up the transaction after it is consummated , or may seek constraints that would prevent Tele-Communications from dropping HBO in any of its cable systems in favor of Showtime . 
About 900,000 units will continue to be publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange , Enserch said . 
`` Country people breed pigs , '' says Mr. Chojnowski , leaning against the back of his truck . 
In the nine months , net fell 3 % to $ 106 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 110 million , or $ 1.05 a share . 
But sometimes more energetic attacks are required . 
Conferees also agreed to Pentagon requests to earmark a total of nearly $ 1 billion for work on both mobile MX and Midgetman nuclear missiles , according to congressional aides . 
That 's just the beginning , '' he says . 
And why not save the costs of a thousand bureaucrats by abolishing Central Command and putting responsibility for Gulf naval operations back where it belongs , afloat with the task force commander in the Gulf ? 
But right now programmers are figuring that viewers who are busy dialing up a range of services may put down their remote control zappers and stay tuned . 
Separately , on the Pacific Stock Exchange , put and call options on the common stock of Aldus Corp. started trading . 
The new board 's seven-member structure kept four CPAs , but the others were from industry and academia . 
A handful of small U.S. companies are struggling to develop the technology to build the screens for the thin , high-quality televisions that are expected to hang on living room walls by the end of the 1990s . 
An estimated 14.7 million Cray Computer shares will be distributed , Cray Research said . 
Sun 's results were slightly better than expectations . 
More carefully targeted intervention might actually reduce the need for government action . 
At the weatherbeaten Pompano Beach municipal stadium , Mr. Blair , the 45-year-old former Oriole , knows his power is n't what it used to be . 
Sales in the latest period edged up to $ 295.7 million from $ 293.9 million . 
Between 1985 and 1988 , sales multipled more than 10 times and pretax profit surged almost twelvefold . 
Television last week carried a new report on East Berlin 's main wallpaper factory and the need to boost production . 
Hoses and plastics together account for about 42 % of Trinova 's total annual sales . 
The lawyers are now in charge of our national security . 
The quake and baseball were n't related , unlike the massacre of athletes that attended the 1972 Olympics . 
When she is n't performing for an audience , she prepares for a song by removing the wad of gum from her mouth , and indicates that she 's finished by sticking the gum back in . 
Meanwhile , Eurocom , which had held 20 % of WCRS 's ad unit , will pay # 43.5 million ( $ 68.5 million ) to raise its stake to 60 % . 
The headquarters is located a few blocks away at 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza . 
It appears likely that , this year or next , some form of capital-gains preference and passive-loss restoration will be enacted . 
U.S. companies tend to favor suggestions `` that go for the home runs , '' says Gary Floss , vice president of corporate quality at Control Data Corp . 
`` I 'm somewhat skeptical about the underlying demand '' for Polaroid products , said Michael Ellmann , an analyst with Wertheim Schroder & Co . 
A year earlier , CMS posted profit of $ 1.1 million , or 13 cents a share , on sales of $ 48 million . 
`` We used to show some hot-dog skier in his twenties or thirties going over the edge of a cliff , '' says Kathe Dillmann , a spokeswoman for the United Ski Industries Association , the trade group sponsoring the campaign . 
Analysts insist that even without help from a shaky stock market , which provided a temporary boost for bonds during the Oct. 13 stock market plunge , bond prices will start to climb on the prospects that the Federal Reserve will allow interest rates to move lower in the coming weeks . 
Blacks and Hispanics currently make up 38 % of the city 's population and hold only 25 % of the seats on the council . 
Management Co. manages entertainers and produces , markets and finances entertainment . 
He found that monetary crime losses , as a proportion of gross receipts , were 37 times higher for small businesses than for large ones . 
But some money managers are doing just that . 
The housing starts numbers , however , are one of the least precise of the government 's economic indicators and are often revised significantly as more information is collected . 
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum-wage rise for low-paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital-gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers . 
The bank 's chairman and director general , who also sit on the board , still would be appointed by the Treasury . 
`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80-plus , '' he says . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Recall that Nicaragua 's Sandinistas came into Managua as partners in a coalition government with anti-Somoza moderates . 
The petition challenged First Union 's lending record in the state , saying that the bank-holding company had `` shut itself off from contact with the low-income community and is redlining almost every black neighborhood that it serves in the state . '' 
The fasteners , nuts and bolts , are sold to the North American auto market . 
`` But that partner is n't Fiat . '' 
Like other major American cities , the San Francisco -- Oakland area owes its current prosperity more to its infrastructure of fiber-optic cables linking thousands of computer terminals and telephones than to its location astride one of the world 's great natural harbors . 
Colgate Palmolive Co. reported third-quarter net income rose 27 % , bolstered by strong sales in its Latin American business and surprisingly healthy profits from U.S. operations . 
Still , says Mr. Lee : `` We need to educate people that they need to get to a phone somehow , some way , to let someone know what their status is . '' 
Analysts say Fed policy makers have been wary of relaxing credit too much because they were still uncertain about the level of inflation in the economy . 
Even in the wake of Hurricane Hugo 750 people turned out in a remote Virginia town in September for a `` family tribute '' to Mr. North given by two dozen conservative members of Congress . 
All have paid off for me in double-digit annual growth and continue to provide significant potential . 
In Dallas , Mr. Landry has a standing just shy of sainthood . 
The hot-dipped galvanized segment is one of the fastest-growing and most profitable segments of the steel market , coveted by all major integrated steelmakers wanting to maintain an edge over smaller minimills and reconstructed mills -- those spun off to employees . 
The proposal , however , was immediately rebuffed by Arby 's parent , DWG Corp . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
But Mr. Wyss said he will watch the numbers to get an inkling of whether consumers ' general buying habits may slack off as much as their auto-buying apparently has . 
The Treasury said it wo n't be able to honor reinvestment requests from holders of bills maturing Nov. 2 held in the Treasury 's book-entry system . 
The implication that I was pushed aside would n't be accurate , '' Mr. Roman said . 
Massive withdrawals followed and there was a brief rescue attempt , with political undertones , including $ 1.77 billion in Federal Reserve loans . 
Mrs. Glaser , who is a co-founder of the Pediatric AIDS Foundation , based in Santa Monica , Calif. , condemned neither bureaucratic nor corporate foot-dragging . 
`` Those kinds of issues always keep coming back , '' says Robert Beckwith , who manages the Illinois Chamber of Commerce 's small-business office . 
Both he and Mr. Lorenzo predicted that plan might be confirmed in January . 
Another finding from the study : Prosecutors set significantly different priorities . 
The other involves the sale of about 35 of the company 's high-end workstations to the National Institutes of Health . 
Turner has made several movies , docudramas and documentaries for its networks in recent years , but the company has never acted as a full-fledged movie studio and released its own pictures to theaters . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , BSB closed at $ 17.50 , up 12.5 cents . 
The officials also said the meeting agreed to continue treating China as a special case , despite the recent repression of dissent there , but to offer no further concessions . 
In Tokyo Thursday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 140.97 yen , down from Wednesday 's Tokyo close of 142.10 yen . 
These include bans on the use of abortion for birth control and sex selection , and the public funding of alternatives for abortion . 
`` Politics has essentially put up a roadblock '' to finding sites for new federal prisons , Mr. Bennett said at a news conference called to report on his `` emergency assistance program '' for the capital . 
Leading the pack , Microsoft soared 3 3\/4 , or 4 % , to a record price of 84 1\/4 on 1.2 million shares . 
`` The fit is so good , we see this as a time of opportunity , '' he said . 
The brand is No. 7 overall in the cigarette business , Mr. Maxwell said . 
Anxious allies of President Mikhail Gorbachev are cautioning media leaders to take it easy , to be careful not to do anything that could be used by Mr. Gorbachev 's opponents . 
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer . 
And now he 's busily trying to explain an arrangement in which he sold stock in Inner City Broadcasting Co. , headed by his old friend and patron , Percy Sutton , to his son , David Dinkins Jr. , for $ 58,000 . 
That 's a question a lot of people are asking , following the stock market 's stunning display of volatility . 
`` In the past , customers had to go to IBM when they outgrew the VAX . 
Miami Lakes , Fla . 
They are all priced at par . 
The analyst said it will take about two to three months before the mine begins to produce copper in significant quantities . 
Twice in two weeks the unraveling of the on-again , off-again UAL buy-out slammed the stock market . 
In the health-care segment , pharmaceutical sales increased 4 % and sales of hospital products increased 1 % . 
It said the reduced dividend reflects the low price for precious metals . 
The New York Times Co. said it reached a settlement with independent home delivery dealers in the metropolitan New York area that will free the newspaper to expand home delivery circulation . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.45 % 30 days ; 8.32 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.17 % 120 days ; 8.08 % 150 days ; 7.98 % 180 days . 
The segment 's growth was led by sales of the cardiovascular drugs Lopid , a lipid regulator , and Dilzem , a calcium channel blocker . 
However , when negotiations bogged down recently , WCRS 's chief executive , Peter Scott , met in Paris with another French firm , Boulet Dru Dupuy Petit , or BDDP . 
Instead , this official said , `` This is vintage George Bush . 
He says he told Mr. Guber he could n't sign any documents and that `` the deal , although apparently a good one for him and Mr. Peters , would have a very negative impact on Warner . '' 
Mr. Thompson says his exchange is n't waiting for the results of the Chicago exchanges ' cooperation . 
`` We listened to the Chausson ` Poeme , ' '' he recalls , `` and she said , ` You hear the first note , that B-flat ? 
George Marshall 's ghost is much more difficult to keep happy . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 135.9 million shares . 
Fed officials injected more cash into the banking system by arranging $ 1.5 billion of repurchase agreements during the usual pre-noon intervention period . 
Most popular acquisition method : the leveraged buy-out . 
The environmental services company said that the discontinuation of unsuccessful product lines and an increase in baddebt reserves probably will result in charges of $ 2.5 million to $ 4 million , most of which will be taken against third-quarter results . 
Lawmakers in Moscow voted to deny the Communist Party its 100 guaranteed seats in the Soviet Congress , meaning Gorbachev and other aides might have to face voters . 
A string of costly projects , including the high-speed national aerospace plane and the advanced communications technology satellite , would continue to be developed within these limits . 
The people of the Delta are waiting for that big factory to open , river traffic to increase , government spending to fund job-training programs or public schools to educate apathetic students . 
In the Lilly case , the appeals court broadly construed a federal statute to grant Medtronic , a medical device manufacturer , an exemption to infringe a patent under certain circumstances . 
In addition , the officials say Israel has n't presented convincing evidence these acts were ordered by Fatah or by any group Mr. Arafat controls . 
The company said its integrated steel sector was also hurt by higher raw material , repair and maintenance , and labor costs . 
Nelson Bunker Hunt is considering it , although his attorney says he wo n't do it if the proposal jeopardizes a tentative settlement he has reached with the Internal Revenue Service , which claims the brothers owe $ 1 billion in back taxes and is by far the biggest creditor in both cases . 
`` When I made this investment , I made it on a lifetime basis , '' he explains . 
Still , Hugo 's impact may revive unsuccessful proposals to give local governments authority to levy sales taxes . 
Among the other alumni are Stephen Wolf , now chairman of UAL Inc. , and Thomas Plaskett , president of Pan Am Corp . 
The biggest is the NFL 's contract with national television for broadcast of the league 's games . 
He projected it would be operating about 1,000 flights a day by late spring , only slightly fewer than the carrier 's old volume of 1,050 a day . 
Mr. Sorrell , traveling in the Far East , could n't be reached . 
Instead , it is to seek out corporate financing business and sell investment products on behalf of the family 's mainstay banking units : N M Rothschild & Sons Ltd. in London , Rothschild & Cie. in Paris and Rothschild Bank AG in Zurich . 
But when the market moves against the fund , investors lose more than other junk holders because the market decline is magnified by the amount the fund is leveraged . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.38 % 30 days ; 8.28 % 60 days ; 8.23 % 90 days ; 8.13 % 120 days ; 8.03 % 150 days ; 7.93 % 180 days . 
A # 320 million ( $ 508 million ) British Airways PLC rights issue flopped badly -- the victim of recent market turbulence and the collapse of the buy-out bid for United Airlines ' parent , UAL Corp . 
Already last week , Mr. Krenz started overhauling East Germany 's heavily censored and notoriously boring news media . 
The supercomputer , which lists for $ 18.5 million , will be installed in the first quarter of 1990 in the meteorological office 's headquarters in Bracknell , England . 
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 165,000 , unchanged from the previous sale Oct. 13 . 
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software . 
The other scenario assumes that Beijing takes effective actions to curb imports in the coming months . 
Lights flickered on and off ; plaster dropped from the ceiling , the walls still shook and an evacuation alarm blared outside . 
Meanwhile , Congress is cutting huge chunks out of the rest of the defense budget . 
`` They 're the best production talent around , '' says Brian De Palma , beholden to Guber Peters for hiring him to direct the Warner movie of Tom Wolfe 's novel `` Bonfire of the Vanities . '' 
The Christmas quarter is important to retailers because it represents roughly a third of their sales and nearly half of their profits . 
In the process , 4.9 million shares traded , making UAL the second most active issue on the Big Board . 
Its mainline minicomputers and word processors have lost ground to cheaper personal computers . 
UAL 's stock fell $ 6.25 , to $ 191.75 . 
It also found them rising much more in the Northeast than elsewhere . 
Lawyers also say an erratic stock market and uncertain financing conditions have sharply reduced the number of lucrative big deals likely to be proposed . 
Philip Morris Cos. is launching a massive corporate advertising campaign that will put the tobacco giant 's name in TV commercials for the first time since the early 1950s , when it stopped advertising its namesake cigarette brand on television . 
`` It 's very tough for most individuals to out-trade the mutual funds or the market , '' says Mr. Lipper . 
Further investigation , he said , may result in further actions against Lincoln 's executives , said Mr. Seidman , `` including fraud actions . '' 
Nonsense ! 
The company put up `` virtually all '' of its oil and gas properties as collateral , he said . 
They also said the dollar is leveling off after a rise this summer that helped to reduce the prices of imported goods . 
And after a decade of explosive job growth on Wall Street , a period of contraction is under way . 
I think a few of the aftershocks might just be my body shaking . 
How interestingly clever of Robert Goldberg to use the form of pretend advocacy journalism to explain his perception of `` Days of Rage '' in his television critique ( Leisure & Arts , Sept 11 ) . 
The notion that tracking is somehow `` undemocratic '' is absurd . 
But these days , large firms hire as many as 30 new associates a year , and it 's impossible to personally train everyone , says Joel Henning of Hildebrandt Inc. , a consulting firm that runs training classes . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Northrop shares closed at $ 21.125 , off 25 cents . 
( The condom balloon was denied official entry status this year . ) 
International sales accounted for 47 % of total company sales for the nine months , compared with 50 % a year earlier . 
A core group of six or so Democratic senators has been working behind the scenes to develop a proposal to reduce the tax on the gain from the sale of assets . 
Mr. Patel resigned as senior vice president of Par in April . 
Ms. Tilly of the tweety-bird voice showed great comic promise during her stint as the mobster 's girlfriend on the television show , `` Hill Street Blues . '' 
In addition , despite IBM 's well-publicized recent problems , the computer giant still generates enormous amounts of cash . 
In the 45 minutes before the 9:30 opening bell , the Jacobson specialists kept getting sell orders , heavier than they imagined . 
For the nine months , Conrail earnings grew 0.4 % to $ 229 million , or $ 3.34 a share , from $ 228 million , or $ 3.31 a share . 
An ill-mannered mountain ? 
It said yesterday it still expects to close the acquisition later this year or early in 1990 . 
$ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills . 
Bulgaria 's government has been behaving beyond the pale for months , and the U.S. does its values no credit by ignoring that while casting its votes into the past . 
That , coupled with lower semiconductor prices and higher semiconductor-depreciation expense , contributed to the decline in sales and profit . 
Unilab , which provides clinical laboratory services , competed with Central , based in Tarzana , Calif. , in a number of areas . 
In most cases , the IRS says , these projects are local or regional , rather than national , and arise because auditors in an area detect some pattern of abuse among , say , factory workers claiming that having a multitude of dependents frees them from tax withholding or yacht owners deducting losses from sideline charter businesses . 
Finding pension funds and other sources willing to invest is a high priority . 
The company said it does n't expect the new line 's capacity to adversely affect the company 's existing hot-dipped galvanizing lines . 
Apple Computer Inc. posted improved fiscal fourth-quarter profit due largely to a $ 48 million gain on the sale of its stock in Adobe Systems Inc . 
However , the Panama episode has raised questions about whether the NSC staff is sufficiently big , diverse and powerful to coordinate U.S. policy on tough issues . 
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson views the high rates as his chief weapon against inflation , which was ignited by tax cuts and loose credit policies in 1986 and 1987 . 
Pravda , meanwhile , has retained only 57 % of its 1986 readership . 
In the nine months , the company 's net income was $ 21.5 million , or $ 1.88 a share , compared with a year-earlier loss of $ 97.8 million , or $ 8.96 a share . 
Pfizer gained 1 7\/8 to 67 5\/8 , Schering-Plough added 2 1\/4 to 75 3\/4 , Eli Lilly rose 1 3\/8 to 62 1\/8 and Upjohn firmed 3\/4 to 38 . 
The resulting haunted house tends to reward followership , not leadership , it creates guilt about wearing the uniform , and raises doubt about having the will to fulfill the ghosts ' role , i.e. , to be able to win if called on . 
Wary investors have been running for the stock market 's equivalent of bomb shelters , buying shares of gold-mining and utility companies . 
The tough regulatory stance portends large future losses , especially at the state 's thrifts . 
Third-quarter spreads widened to the highest level in two years as loan portfolio yields rose and money costs declined , the company said . 
The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . 
Beyond removing a competitor , the combination should provide `` synergies , '' said Fred Harlow , Unilab 's chief financial officer . 
`` Without some unexpected `` coup de theatre '' , I do n't see what will block the Paribas bid , '' said Philippe de Cholet , analyst at the brokerage Cholet-Dupont & Cie . 
Fireman 's Fund insures 37,300 homes and autos and 35,000 businesses in the Bay area . 
The laptops are not revolutionary and , indeed , are tardy in a market first opened by GRiD Systems Corp. , now a unit of Tandy Corp. , almost two years ago . 
India 's Gandhi called for parliamentary elections next month . 
Harris Ravine , executive vice president of customer satisfaction , was named executive vice president , finance and administration of this maker of data storage equipment . 
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately . 
`` First year I came back there was n't any work , '' he says . 
One of these centers can involve years of negotiating with numerous public agencies , local political leaders , and citizen groups , and with prospective tenants and sources of financing . 
The ice samples are an important piece of evidence supporting theories that the Earth has warmed considerably in recent times , largely because of pollutants in the air , and will warm far more in the century ahead . 
California expects to rely on federal emergency funds and its $ 1.06 billion in general fund reserves to meet the estimated $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in damages resulting from the quake , according to a state official . 
This figure could be estimated using techniques employed by private lenders to forecast losses , or determined by selling loans to private owners ( without federal guarantees ) . 
Sheraton , a subsidiary of ITT Corp. , will have a 40 % share in the two hotels ; Pan American , a subsidiary of Pan Am Corp. , will have a 10 % share . 
We 're looking for something that grows faster and sells at a comparable { price-earnings } multiple . '' 
`` Yes , they are . 
`` I want this to be a model of the way a public-owned company should be run , '' Mr. Luzon says . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
By contrast , the Comex in July imported a highly regarded outsider , Arnold F. Staloff , as its president . 
The team trimmed more than two months from the cycle time previously required to develop comparable proposals . 
Texas is big and beautiful and they live here , that 's all . 
UNR recently emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings that left 64 % of the reorganized company 's common stock in the hands of trustees of an asbestos-disease claims trust . 
The Los Angeles investor ca n't buy UAL stock , solicit shareholder consents or make a new offer unless he makes a formal offer of $ 300 a share or UAL accepts an offer below $ 300 . 
Better than all those offers you get to buy securities backed by nothing . 
The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index fell 0.44 to 375.92 . 
Two well-known colleagues who believe Mr. Straszheim was right the first time are David Bostian Jr. and A. Gary Shilling , both of whom run their own New York research firms . 
A federal judge in Manhattan threw out the indictment , finding that the seven-year delay violated the defendant 's constitutional right to a speedy trial . 
The system provides radar-threat warning and electronic jamming capabilities . 
I really want to see that happen again . '' 
The notes are rated MIG-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc . 
Thousands of chemical products were categorized as carcinogenic , with recommendations that they be banned from industrial use because they produced malignant tumors in overdosed rats . 
Admittedly last season 's runaway hit , `` Steel Magnolias , '' helped a lot , but so did cost cutting and other measures insisted on by the board . 
But even though by some estimates it might cost the world as much as $ 100 billion between now and the year 2000 to convert to other coolants , foaming agents and solvents and to redesign equipment for these less efficient substitutes , the Montreal Protocol 's legions of supporters say it is worth it . 
Yoshitoki Chino retains his title of chairman of Daiwa , Japan 's second-largest securities firm . 
Blocked by patent protection from following suit , Dictaphone decided to go a step further and cut the cassette in half again -- down to the length of a paperclip . 
Two men have a conversation behind one of the windows of the cafe on the corner of the boulevard . 
`` It 's madness -- that in an hour you can whack off so much value , '' says Stanford Calderwood , chairman of Trinity Investment Management Corp. , Boston . 
He added B.A.T `` has no expectation of a material impact on Farmers . 
Mr. Tucker will succeed Salvatore J. Barbera , 64 , who will hold the newly created position of chairman of the international unit until his retirement April 1 . 
He talked about it in every speech he made as he roamed the country promoting his books , which dispense handy how-to advice on using government information for fun and profit . 
When U.S. diplomats complained to the CIA of Col. Noriega 's moonlighting , intelligence experts always insisted that his allegiance was first to the Americans . 
The big questions are whether the increase , effective Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick , and whether other major steelmakers will follow suit . 
Under the guise of `` healing the wounds of the nation , '' President Carter pardoned thousands of draft evaders , thus giving dignity to their allegations of the war 's `` immorality . '' 
In yesterday 's edition , it was incorrectly stated that the company 's share price has softened since August 1988 . 
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill . 
NBI , a maker of word-processing systems , said it ca n't predict if any of the preferred stock will be converted . 
For political as well as economic reasons , U.S. companies are at the top of his priorities -- a point he underscored by spending two hours walking around the U.S. trade show last week . 
Unfortunately , though , recessions vary enough in length so that the average ca n't reliably be used to guide investors in timing stock sales or purchases . 
And although Mr. Roman and WPP 's chief executive , Martin Sorrell , have gone out of their way to be publicly supportive of each other , people close to Mr. Roman say he was unhappy giving up control of the company . 
The young leave , especially girls who wo n't milk cows by hand . 
That strip of concrete is backed up by a few one-story , air-conditioned shacks where a handful of American nationals -- buttressed by imported food , cold soft drinks and back issues of Sports Illustrated -- maintain radio contact with the outside world . 
`` It may very well be what the Japanese banks want , '' he told Radio New Zealand . 
Even if there is n't any widespread discounting , the outlook for industry profits is n't good . 
`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt . 
`` Retailers who had good track records of producing profits will have a better chance to buy back their companies . '' 
`` There can be no question of us unilaterally abandoning the armed struggle , '' he said . `` 
Elected to Congress in 1978 , the 48-year-old Mr. Courter is part of a generation of young conservatives who were once very much in the lead of the rightward shift under Mr. Reagan . 
The buy-out effort also worsened already-strained relations between United 's pilot and machinist unions . 
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president . 
`` When will I get that check for a million dollars ? '' he jokes . 
`` It 's simply a way of making the cuts less onerous for defense than they are for domestic programs , '' said Chairman James Sasser ( D. , Tenn . ) of the Senate Budget Committee , who said he would oppose the request . 
At Backer Spielvogel , he will work with clients and potential clients on marketing strategies ; aside from agency compensation issues , he helped Nissan , for example , come up with its positioning and pricing for its new Infiniti line . 
And they are a very odd team in any case . 
Continental Cablevision Inc. , via underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. , priced $ 350 million of junk bonds at par to yield 12 7\/8 % . 
Says Clayt Wilhite , president of the D'Arcy Masius ad agency 's U.S. division , `` Every time 24 hours pass without any advertising reinforcement , brand loyalty will diminish ever so slightly -- even for a powerful brand like Budweiser . '' 
A few weeks ago , Mr. Skinner testified before Congress that it would be `` cleaner , more efficient '' if he had authority to block buy-outs in advance . 
According to Drexel 's Mr. Demler , the potential strike is expected to be resolved quickly , which may be one reason why the situation did n't affect prices much . 
People tend to be most loyal to brands that have distinctive flavors , such as cigarettes and ketchup . 
`` I think the restructuring will get the required support , '' said Michael Pacitti , an analyst at London stockbroker UBS Phillips & Drew . 
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big-name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture . 
The bonds ended about 1\/2 point higher yesterday . 
That suit and Exxon 's countersuit were filed in a state court in Anchorage . 
Discrepancies go unexplained in `` Confidential '' ( one ex-player claims he received $ 4,000 to $ 5,000 for his season football tickets while others said theirs brought only a few hundred dollars ) , and when Mr. Keteyian ca n't nail down something , like who really owned a car driven by Husker tailback Doug Dubose , he simply reprints his notes . 
The offer is in limbo , however , because LIN has agreed to merge its cellular-phone businesses with BellSouth Corp . 
The same partnership is now crucial to Mr. Courter 's fortunes , but the abortion issue is only a reminder of the gap between his record and that of the more moderate , pro-choice Gov. Kean . 
Mr. Krenz almost certainly will be a younger version of Erich Honecker , his rigid predecessor as dictator . 
But despite more than two years of research showing AZT can relieve dementia and other symptoms in children , the drug still lacks federal approval for use in the youngest patients . 
Governments have become sophisticated in handling moments of panic ( a word the London Times forbade my father to use when he was reporting the Wall Street crash in 1929 ) . 
Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro-industry projects , he said . 
Tokyo stocks closed easier for the second consecutive day , finishing at the intraday low on index-linked investment trust fund selling toward the end of the afternoon session . 
`` The balloon had been blown up so big that when somebody came along with a pin -- in this case the UAL deal -- we got a little pop . '' 
In a media-linked world , scientists may earn wide praise and even Nobels for their work , but they also attract the attention of people who wish to gain control over the content , funding and goals of that work . 
Jim Pattison Industries Ltd. , one of a group of closely held companies owned by entrepreneur James Pattison , said it `` intends to seek control '' of 30%-owned Innopac Inc. , a Toronto packaging concern . 
Biological weapons violations have figured little in political debate , and indeed have not been pressed vigorously enough by the U.S. government . 
The stock slid $ 1.875 on more than four times average daily volume . 
He also repeated Justin 's denial of Sony 's charges . 
The bank , which has loss reserves equal to about half its long-term and medium-term loans to less-developed nations , said it does n't think additional reserves are required . 
Despite heavily subsidized consumer industries , East Germans have for years watched the West pull farther out ahead . 
He said Businessland , which operates stores in 50 U.S. metropolitan areas , planned to absorb his firm 's operations . 
Federal Reserve critics used to complain of `` stop and go '' monetary policies . 
With a pilot who speaks no English . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Baxter closed at $ 22.25 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
`` The oldest designer got to work on the dashboard , '' she recalls . 
Retailers could get a boost this year from the calendar . 
London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell-off knocked it down . 
Ms. Slater reports on personal finance from The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
Mr. Calloway also noted that soft-drink volume rose a hefty 9 % in last year 's third quarter , making the comparison more difficult . 
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed . 
Mr. Bakker said he was guilty of sin but not fraud . 
The second part , consisting of $ 28 million of 11 3\/4 % secured equipment certificates due June 15 , 1995 , was priced at 87.026 with a yield to maturity of 15.25 % . 
But with Seaman , KKR was only trying to salvage its original investment , says bankruptcy investor James Rubin of Sass Lamle Rubin in New York . 
It never hurt anyone , that is , unless the growth funds do n't grow when you need them to . 
Perhaps , considering the value of our time , we will be unable to patronize their establishments in the post-Hugo era . 
The sale , which had been expected , is part of KKR 's program to pay down $ 5 billion of a $ 6 billion bridge loan by February . 
Also , profit rose 19 % in the third quarter . 
`` There is n't much question there will continue to be a ripple effect , '' said John Reidy , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Estimated volume was a very light one million ounces . 
Limiting care wo n't be easy or popular . 
Interprovincial Pipe Line Co. , an oil pipeline operator rumored to be mulling a gas pipeline proposal of its own , said that is n't in the cards . 
USX Corp. and its Japanese partner , Kobe Steel Ltd. , agreed to form a joint venture to build a new plant to produce hot-dipped galvanized sheet products , mainly for the automotive market . 
It makes sense from a strategic standpoint . '' 
Stanley Aslanian , the Haas broker who agreed to carry a hidden microphone during the conversation , also has pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit securities violations in the stock manipulation and agreed to cooperate . 
When something undeniably nasty happens , a few euphemisms are deployed to simply make it disappear , much as a fresh grave may be covered by a blanket of flowers . 
Webster has 3.5 million shares outstanding and Eagle 2.6 million . 
Egg prices averaged 64.2 cents a dozen , down 0.2 cent from September . 
Topaz , a translucent mineral that is often whitish when taken from the ground , can be turned blue by irradiation , which transforms it into a gemstone that looks like an aquamarine . 
Semifinished goods turned in a strong showing , with a monthly rise of 2 % and a year-on-year advance of 3 % . 
IRA rules have been changed over the years . 
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate . 
`` There is incredible negative psychology building in the market , '' said Donna Avedisian , a vice president at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
But with much of the inefficiency squeezed out of the freight-transport system , rising costs are likely to be reflected directly in higher freight rates . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
David Tagg , formerly in charge of gambling operations , was appointed chief executive for retailing and property . 
`` We will have a reasonably flat year this year , '' Mr. Schwarz says . 
The former Wall Street executive refused to offer an opinion on the controversy surrounding program trading , which has recently become a larger part of the trading in the market and has been blamed for accelerating the drop two weeks ago . 
Eurocom will also have the right to buy the remaining 40 % of the merged ad agency group in six years . 
Green allowed residents to re-enter ; yellow allowed limited access ; red allowed residents one last entry to gather everything they could within 15 minutes . 
Even though the Big Board says its product represents a post-crash `` reform , '' some traders suggest that if the new basket had been trading during this month 's Friday the 13th market plunge , the Dow Jones Industrial Average might have dropped more than the 190 points it did . 
Per-share net rose to 47.46 yen from 39.31 yen . 
`` There 's either a minority { stake } package capable of getting Jaguar shareholder approval or there is n't , '' said one knowledgeable individual . `` 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Mr. Brady and senators agreed to have their staffs meet within the next week to start fine-tuning the bill . 
In an interview , Mr. Thomson , who is married and has three grown children , says he has few ties to baseball these days , other than playing old-timers games now and again . 
Heidi Ehman might have stepped from a recruiting poster for young Republicans . 
He 's now estimating that after a period of consolidation , the Dow Jones Industrial Average will once again forge new highs . 
Another challenges Merrill Lynch 's bond recommendation last year . 
Housing issues were boosted by a report that Daiwa House expects to post 43 % higher earnings for its latest fiscal year , traders said . 
Their machine tools are even bolted to the shop floor . 
An EC spokesman said the two companies will be notified so they can begin negotiations with Brussels on how to modify the pact . 
Mr. Tucker , 56 years old , is currently vice president and chief operating officer of Bell Atlantic 's C&P Telephone unit . 
Moreover , as a member of the Mitsubishi group , which is headed by one of Japan 's largest banks , it is sure to win a favorable loan . 
A group of 27 Senators has written Mr. Kemp urging him to reject Cranston-Mitchell and focus on programs that empower the poor rather than create vast new government obligations . 
`` Moody 's believes that the uncertain environment for merchant banking could put pressure on CS First Boston 's performance , '' the rating concern said , citing `` continued problems '' from the firm 's exposures to `` various Campeau-related firms '' and to Ohio Mattress . 
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds . 
Issuance of those warrants will be at the rate of one-third warrant for each warrant exercised . 
Fueling a controversy that has been simmering for years , the Census Bureau also said its figures would look far rosier if it recalculated the poverty threshold using an improved consumer-price measure adopted in 1983 . 
Vietnam is finding that turning a stagnant socialist order into a dynamic free market does n't come easy . 
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange margins for the Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures stood at $ 10,000 a contract for speculators and $ 5,000 for hedgers before Oct. 16 , 1987 ; that day the hedging margin was raised to $ 7,500 . 
Fees 1 1\/2 . 
They set up absurd situations , detached from reality , and then try to reason from them . 
It 's hard to generalize , but age seems to be the best predictor . 
`` The magazine is strong . 
One senior administration official called the guideline `` outrageous '' and said it could make U.S. operatives reluctant to even listen to coup plans for fear they may get into legal trouble . 
Investor Arthur Goldberg is pursuing a $ 32-a-share takeover offer . 
And four states -- California , Florida , Michigan and Pennsylvania -- have adopted rules that all parties involved must consent when phone calls are recorded . 
But salespeople often found that news of Wang 's problems superseded their sales efforts . 
Other plans generally would n't pay unsecured creditors ' interest accrued since the filing . 
Continued uncertainty about the timing of the consortium 's debut could make it hard to find a # 450 million cash injection . 
At Canon Inc. , for example , sales are up nearly 20 % this year ; so , the maker of cameras and computer printers is doing what any Japanese company would do under the circumstances : It is increasing capital spending -- by 60 % . 
According to Mr. Verwoerd , the early Afrikaner pioneers were the first people to settle in the eastern Transvaal , even before the blacks . 
Pilferage climbed dramatically as many angry employees `` felt abandoned by the former owners , '' says the University of Florida sociologist . 
The first three major areas of the service sector to be revamped were expenditures by foreign students in the U.S. . ( net after expenditures by Americans studying abroad ) , some exports by professional firms ( a law firm billing a German client for services rendered in watching legislation in Washington is as much an export as shipment of an American jet engine ) , and improved data from travel and tourism . 
Cleveland-based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles-based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings . 
One reason : banks -- likely to react to any new UAL deal with even more caution than the first time around -- probably will insist on labor harmony before they agree to put up cash for any new bid or even a less-ambitious recapitalization plan . 
One of its `` more ambitious goals '' is to get Jaime Escalante , the Los Angeles high-school mathematics teacher featured in the film `` Stand and Deliver , '' to come to Harvard for a guest lecture . 
Florida National , if acquired , would almost double First Union 's banking franchise in Florida to $ 17 billion in assets . 
DALKON SHIELD CLAIMANTS hope to stop reorganization-plan appeal . 
Some traders said the sell-off of technology stocks on low volume reflected a lack of conviction by investors . 
Results for the latest quarter include nonoperating items of $ 23.9 million , versus $ 8.4 million a year earlier . 
If the Legislature does n't repeal the law , due for revision in 1990 , Mr. Jones says Humana may move its insurance operations , including 3,000 jobs in Louisville , to another state . 
Shoney 's Inc. said it will report a write-off of $ 2.5 million , or seven cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended yesterday . 
Daffynition 
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack . 
The FBI had said it would not be able to begin processing the request until June 
During an economic slump , local tax revenues often go down , raising the risks associated with at least some municipals . 
Like others , Mr. Gabelli says that if futures cause investors to lose confidence in stocks , they will move away from stocks -- as many have already done . 
Investment capital is creeping back , and oil properties are fetching more . 
Disappointment with the company 's earnings for the quarter led Prudential-Bache Securities to reduce its 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan exported slightly over one million vehicles , and produced 570,000 cars and trucks at its factories in North America , Europe and Australia . 
`` It will take several meetings to resolve this , '' said a spokesman for the Machinists union . 
Still , suggestions ' net savings per 100 employees is $ 274,475 in Japan vs. $ 24,891 in the U.S. . 
So after all , even the bitterest critic of rural exclusivity harbors a continuing yearning for those scarce , rural virtues thought to exist amid fields , forests and country lanes . 
`` Nothing traded on Friday , and people were n't really sure where the market should have opened '' yesterday , said Raymond Minella , co-head of merchant banking at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
But , they add that the mark 's strength is in part a reflection of a shift away from U.S. assets by Japanese investors into West German investments . 
The FDA already requires drug manufacturers to include warnings with insulin products that symptoms of hypoglycemia are less pronounced with human insulin than with animal-based products . 
Mr. Kasparov 's continuation was slower but , in the end , just as deadly . 
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments . 
`` There are n't as many economically viable alternatives for real estate developers in this country as 10 years ago , '' says Charles Shaw , a Chicago-based real estate developer . `` 
Although Paribas denies it , analysts say the new bid in part simply reflects the continuing rivalry between France 's two largest investment banking groups . 
The center improves the community image to outsiders as well , and may help to arrest , or even reverse , the exodus of capital and investment . 
On Oct. 14 of that year , the announcement of an unusually large August trade deficit helped trigger a steep market decline . 
The poll , conducted for the Dutch daily De Telegraaf by Gallup International said 81 % of Dutch people supported NATO . 
The agreement depends on Color Systems ' ability to win similar concessions from other creditors . 
Reina Berner 
The coupon on the issue will be reset in one year at a rate that will give the issue a market value of 101 . 
For the year-earlier period , the company reported a loss of $ 520,000 or six cents a share . 
The Hammacks ' own home , also in Los Gatos , suffered comparatively minor damage . 
Diesel Kiki Co . ( Japan ) -- 
To fight back , activists such as Mr. Langton are forming groups to lobby land managers over access issues and undertake education programs to show that the bikes can responsibly share trails . 
`` Unless the questions are answered , I will keep on going . '' 
There is likely to be a natural division of labor , says Francois Heisbourg , director of the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London , with the U.S. more engaged in strategic issues with the Soviet Union , and Western Europe more involved with specific aid measures for the East . 
Increasingly careful attempts to measure neutrons , which would be strong evidence of fusion reactions , continue to be negative . 
Analysts are concerned that much of the high-yield market will remain treacherous for investors . 
Racal Electric , which traded 11 million shares , declined 12 to 218 . 
All along they have been noting the tremors and pointing out the underlying realities . 
Last week came news of alarm in Venice over a plan to tap gas fields off the city 's coast . 
`` The Beginning and the End , '' easily the best of the three , belongs to Mr. Mahfouz 's `` realistic '' period and it is the one for which he is most renowned . 
Defining combat aircraft is even tougher . 
The average seven-day compound yield on the 400 taxable funds tracked by IBC\/Donoghue 's was 8.55 % in the latest week , down from 8.60 % . 
Pacific Telesis Group said its Pacific Bell unit sustained property damage of about $ 45 million to $ 50 million from the California earthquake earlier this month . 
Negative money was invented in 1988 to make the 1990-94 Five Year Defense Plan conform to the numbers in President Reagan 's final budget submission to Congress . 
The Diet plays a minor role compared with the powerful bureaucratic system . 
After posting losing seasons in each of the last three years , the Cowboys needed a change , he says . 
At the close , the narrower 30-share index was up 19.7 points to 1721.4 . 
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value . 
For the quarter , earnings were $ 47 million , or 92 cents a share , including a one-time gain of $ 5.9 million . 
The government insists that such a possibility is low . 
Mr. Wood has been president and chief executive of Steep Rock Resources Inc . 
That is , with capital gains cut , the glue of the 1986 accord will be gone , and political realities will push up income-tax rates . 
Heading the list : insurance , construction and technology companies located in the San Francisco Bay Area . 
The places renowned for breeding bunco , like the Miami neighborhood known as the `` Maggot Mile '' and Las Vegas 's flashy strip of casinos , invariably offer fast cars , high rollers , glamorous women and lots of sunshine . 
Mr. Stoll draws his title from the cuckoo 's habit of laying eggs in the nests of other birds , making them surrogate parents . 
A Realist official said the company had n't yet received the full complaint and would n't have a response until it had an opportunity to review it . 
Help may be on the way . 
In turmoil caused by the previous Friday 's plunge in New York stocks , the Nikkei marked a sharp 647.33-point fall Monday . 
Financial printer Bowne & Co. said it formed a business translation service , which will provide legal , financial and other services in most major languages , including Japanese , Chinese and Russian . 
The tentative agreement between the IRS and Nelson Bunker Hunt is awaiting U.S. Justice Department approval . 
They then had no choice in many cases but to sell the contracts at prevailing prices -- in most cases at a substantial loss . 
He added that details of the recapitalization still have to be worked out , but that Pathe will take 50 % of Odeon , Rome film producer Bruno Lucisano will take 10 % and the remaining 16.66 % , currently owned by Sasea , will eventually be sold to other investors . 
Mr. Eddington regards promoting Hong Kong as an important part of attracting visitors from Japan , South Korea and Taiwan , where the number of people looking to travel abroad has surged . 
Arizona Trend magazine referred to Mr. Simmons this year as one of the 25 most influential people in the state . 
It is now a commonplace that prosecutors are bringing criminal indictments in cases where until a few years ago only a civil action at most would have been brought . 
In the September issue of Scientific American , Thomas E. Graedel , distinguished member of the technical staff at AT&T Bell Laboratories , and Paul J. Crutzen , director of the air chemistry division of the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz , West Germany , wrote , `` It is now quite evident that chlorofluorocarbons , particularly CFC-11 and CFC-12 are the major culprits responsible for ozone depletion . '' 
Mr. Kriz noted that Boston Safe Deposit `` has taken some actions to better control asset-liability management and improve controls in general , and we think these will serve to improve credit quality . '' 
It is more aggressive than most , but it is n't the only company with a new attitude , as it found when it went looking for a partner for the Sharpshooter . 
But the company said the amount ca n't be determined until it knows how many managers opt to retire . 
Just when Ms. Gruberova sat down away from her guests to cough in private , her salon began sliding around the stage ; her country hideaway also has a very active set of drapes . 
Of the big computer makers , only Apple Computer Co. bases its machines on Motorola chips instead . 
The average yield on threemonth jumbos rose to 8.00 % from 7.96 % , while the two-year average fell by the same amount to 7.89 % . 
Also holding two seats each on the board , they said , would be Olympia & York Developments Ltd. , controlled by the Reichmann family of Canada , and Itel Corp. , controlled by Chicago businessman Sam Zell . 
The banking operation had a loss of $ 8.7 million in the second quarter , largely because of problem real-estate loans , while the insurance operations earned $ 884,000 . 
Auto shares were mixed , as Daimler-Benz firmed 2 to 723 , Bayerische Motoren Werke lost the same amount to 554 , and Volkswagen inched down 1.4 to 451.6 . 
The Nasdaq 100 Index began the day at 449.89 , lost 2 % at one point , and was up 0.4 % at another . 
But analysts say the company is also trying to prevent further price drops . 
`` Canada could do plenty of things to get serious about Latin America without running the risk of getting caught in the cross fire '' between the U.S. and Latin American members of the OAS , said Jeffrey Simpson , a columnist in Toronto 's Globe & Mail newspaper . 
In another experiment , an elaborate chart with color codes reveals how people 's opinions were shaped -- and how they can be reshaped . 
Vienna , Va.-based Legent said it expects to post revenue for the quarter of more than $ 31 million , compared with pro forma revenue of $ 25.2 million in 1988 . 
Sassy already has recovered ; circulation has quickly passed the 500,000 mark and advertising pages have stabilized this year at more than 300 . 
`` I was never a rebel , '' he said in an earlier interview . 
Furthermore , he says , psychologists should not be allowed to analyze jurors ' personalities . 
Accepted bids ranged from 8 % to 8.019 % . 
But when it became clear that rates had stabilized and that the Fed 's credit-easing policy was on hold , bond yields jumped and prices tumbled . 
And California 's 45-member delegation in the House is expected to propose that emergency funds be added to a stop-gap spending bill that the House Appropriations Committee is to consider Monday . 
`` We have previously had discussions with representatives of Pinkerton 's Inc. concerning the { sale of the company } and we concluded that we did not have liability under the contract , '' says American Brands . 
Air & Water Technologies Corp. completed the acquisition of Falcon Associates Inc. , a Bristol , Pa. , asbestos-abatement concern , for $ 25 million of stock . 
AC&R Advertising is a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi Co . 
As factors contributing to the temporary slowdown , he cited one-time rate reductions prescribed by California regulators as a prelude to a new framework that removes profit constraints . 
She held her fire with her first production at the Trinity earlier this season . 
The Federal Reserve Board said it is delaying approval of First Union Corp. 's proposed $ 849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks of Florida Inc. , pending the outcome of an examination into First Union 's lending practices in low-income neighborhoods . 
`` We certainly see an increasing trend toward that , '' she added . 
The Short Term Bond Fund , with an average maturity of 2 1\/2 years , would deliver a total return for one year of about 10.6 % if rates drop one percentage point and a one-year return of about 6.6 % if rates rise by the same amount . 
Stock prices finished about unchanged Friday in quiet expiration trading . 
The U.S. officials said that despite the rapid changes under way in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union , all the Cocom members agreed on `` the continuing need for this organization , '' which was founded 40 years ago at the start of the Cold War . 
The problem for Congress will be to weigh what China is saying to its people against the more conciliatory message it is delivering to the Bush administration . 
The savings was given incorrectly in Friday 's edition . 
No wonder . 
That trend , and Wells Fargo 's heavy exposure to leveraged buy-outs , are about the only worries analysts have about Wells Fargo 's financial picture . 
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising . 
The analysts argued that Georgia-Pacific 's offer , the first hostile bid ever among major players in the paper industry , ends the unwritten taboo on hostile bids , and will push managements to look closely at the industry 's several attractive takeover candidates . 
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections . 
The country has in recent years accepted more than 500,000 refugees from at least four bordering nations . 
One such company is Bankers Trust Co . 
Some women clearly have no trouble eventually conceiving again : The studies have reported repeaters in their programs . 
IBM also said it expects to benefit from the expertise that Motorola and other companies can bring to bear on the difficult problems involved in semiconductor manufacturing . 
The extent of Marriott 's use is n't known , and Marriott officials could n't be reached for comment . 
Holiday said operating income related to gaming increased 4.5 % to a record $ 61.4 million from $ 58.8 million a year earlier . 
-- Letter from Eduard Shevardnadze to U.N. Secretary-General Perez de Cuellar , reported in Tass , June 10 , 1988 . 
Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing and head aching from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches and come home covered with tar and oil ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese and use of chemicals in fruit growing . 
Had zeros been available in 1972 and had parents bought a face amount equal to four years ' tuition at the time , aiming for their children 's 1988 enrollment , they would have been left with only enough to pay for two years , Mr. Anderson figures . 
The chamber also sent to Bush a nearly $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 measure that includes the first construction funds for a space station . 
It has always been so . 
The final B-2 agreement is certain to require detailed testing and verification of the bomber 's capabilities , but congressional aides said the accord wo n't include a House-passed provision that would have withheld production funds until Congress approves a cheaper , scaled-down version of the $ 70 billion fleet of 132 B-2s envisioned by the Pentagon . 
`` No one is willing to place a firm bet that the stock market wo n't take another tumultuous ride . '' 
Ducks . 
Sales gained 16 % to $ 1.03 billion from $ 894 million . 
And the risks are n't appropriate for us , '' he says . 
Court documents filed by prosecutors indicate Mr. Tomlin tried to steer to Sperry a multimillion dollar contract to computerize maintenance of certain Navy electronics equiment . 
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . '' 
`` We believe that every drug that 's marketed to a consumer should have a consumer label , '' said Douglas Teich of the Public Citizen Health Research Group , a Ralph Nader affiliate . 
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock-purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
The bid was n't `` socially acceptable , '' a company spokeswoman said . 
`` There are n't too many winners . '' 
Such evaluations met with derision , and kept the machine from resigning as soon as humans would have -- prompting more derision . 
Homerun = jonron . 
East Germany 's Politburo met amid speculation that the ruling body would oust hard-line leader Honecker , whose rule has been challenged by mass emigration and calls for democratic freedoms . 
Vista Chemical Co. , with three chemical plants in and near Lake Charles , La. , `` prepares for every hurricane that enters the Gulf of Mexico , '' says Keith L. Fogg , a company safety director . 
First and foremost , the vignettes presented by the various scientists represent a general consensus among specialists working in the respective aspects of the global environment . 
While it was once expected that futures would mimic stock prices , traders now routinely check the futures markets in Chicago before they buy or sell stocks . 
Cathay also is moving some of its labor-intensive data-processing operations outside Hong Kong . 
Last month , American Home Products said it was suspending production and distribution of all 21 of Quantum 's generic drug products pending the completion of an exhaustive internal audit . 
The rate , which banks charge each other on overnight loans , is considered an early signal of changes in Fed policy . 
The Pentagon foiled the plan . 
Like lemmings , we tend to move in the same direction at same time . '' 
Especially galling for Mr. Steinhardt , say people close to him , is that USAir 's Mr. Colodny wo n't even take his telephone calls . 
Among the souped-up indexing strategies : Indexed portfolios can be built around thousands of stocks , or just a few dozen , rather than being restricted to the S&P 500 companies . 
This untried concept would expose these firms to potentially astronomical punitive damages . 
But Mr. Rivkin insists that the 10 pages were n't pulled because they were too bullish . 
`` Although it probably has reduced the level of expenditures for some purchasers , utilization management -- like most other cost containment strategies -- does n't appear to have altered the long-term rate of increase in health-care costs , '' the Institute of Medicine , an affiliate of the National Academy of Sciences , concluded after a two-year study . 
During his years in Chiriqui , however , Mr. Noriega also revealed himself as an officer as perverse as he was ingenious . 
But even before Wang 's latest financial troubles surfaced , some customers `` were trying to wall off their Wang installations '' so other departments would n't add Wang , says Chris Christiansen , a former Wang marketer who is now a market analyst with Meta Group , a market research firm in Stamford , Conn . 
In the affidavits , Mr. Peters says he was `` shocked '' when Mr. Ross refused a meeting and made it clear he would stop them . 
Meanwhile , inside the courtroom , the judge said he would fine attorneys for the two creditors $ 50 every time they referred to each other with terms such as `` liar '' or `` slime . '' 
After the split , the company will have more than 4.7 million shares outstanding . 
Thursday , Nov. 2 , 9-10 p.m. EST , on A&E ( repeated at 1 a.m. and on Nov. 5 ) : `` Third and Oak : The Pool Hall . '' 
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Recognition rose 87.5 cents to $ 6.625 . 
`` These errata do not affect business programs , '' he said . 
Dubbed the `` Dire Emergency Supplemental to Meet the Needs of Natural Disasters of National Significance , '' the measure is vintage Whitten in asserting federal responsibility and in disdaining budget impediments . 
The account currently has $ 220 million . 
The prospectus notes `` there can be no assurance '' that future growth will continue at past levels . 
HOMESTAKE MINING CO. , San Francisco , gold and general miner , annual sales of $ 432.6 million , NYSE , said its headquarters was closed yesterday because of power failures and lack of water , but that it may reopen today . 
Mr. Burke succeeds Richard D. Manley , who will remain as a consultant to the company . 
Inside the grid were 24 of these plant cells jammed full of clutter . 
As a result , Mr. Steinhardt must reconcile himself to selling USAir at a loss , or to holding the shares as an old-fashioned investment . 
A.H. Belo Corp. said its net income was $ 3.1 million , or 15 cents a share , in the third quarter , more than four times its profit of $ 663,000 , or three cents a share , last year . 
`` You stay out of it , '' author Whitford quotes Mr. Clements as saying . 
And pressure by big investors forced Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. to sweeten Chicago & North Western 's $ 475 million junk bond offering . 
The result is a generation of young people whose ignorance and intellectual incompetence is matched only by their good opinion of themselves . 
Mr. Engelken moved south to Washington , but he took with him enduring memories of the homer of 1951 . 
SunGard 's stock rose 1 3\/4 to 21 1\/4 on 194,000 shares . 
He 's got a wife and two kids and a house in the suburbs ; the audience sees only the house , and only near the end of the movie . 
Though he nominally supports both programs , Mr. Bush has n't been a passionate champion of either cause , as Mr. Reagan was . 
Mr. Dannemiller , 51 , joined Bearings in August 1988 from Leaseway Transportation Corp. , where he was president and chief operating officer . 
Net for the New Brunswick , N.J. , maker of health-care products climbed to $ 265 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 240 million , or 71 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Net income at Sears 's merchandise group , which includes international and credit card operations , as well as U.S. stores , fell 25 % . 
Martin H. Ruby , a managing director of Capital Holding 's Accumulation and Investment Group , also resigned to pursue other business interests , Capital Holding said . 
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete . 
`` Thus we judge it to be not a violation of the ABM treaty at this time . '' 
After all , he says , `` we 've got like 15 million bureaucrats . '' 
It said net income dropped to $ 15.1 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 35.2 million , or $ 2.66 a share . 
On Friday , the Tokyo stock price index of first section issues was down 15.82 at 2681.76 . 
So much , too , for the notion that we humans triumphed in the Darwinian struggle by evolving big brains . 
It 's little less than a cry for help from those who make the costly show possible . 
Agreement , disapproval , boredom and distraction all can be inferred from the subjects ' twist of a dial . 
The intangible benefits may prove extremely costly if CBS ca n't avoid big losses on the sports coverage itself . 
For example , if wheat is being offered at $ 4.065 and bid at $ 4.060 , a market order to buy would be filled at the higher price and a market order to sell at the lower price . 
About 70,000 people attended the anti-government rally , at which leaders of the banned African National Congress refused to renounce violence to end apartheid . 
From the parts of the transcript read by Mr. Lang , it was unclear what exactly Mr. Lorin feared might happen . 
Shearson , with its in-house order execution system , has handled the bulk of such program trades in the over-the-counter market . 
Cray Research Inc. said it sold one of its newest and largest computer systems , the Cray Y-MP\/832 , to the United Kingdom Meteorological Office . 
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week . 
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death-penalty debate . 
He will succeed Charles L. Harrington , chairman and chief executive officer , who retired last month . 
And that , in turn , would only strengthen the argument of those who oppose execution under any circumstances . 
A price was n't disclosed . 
One big problem has been the thoroughbred racehorse market . 
A battle is raging in Venice over plans to have the 1,200-year-old Italian city be the site for a universal exposition in 2000 . 
But the transaction is just Mr. Peladeau 's latest step in a larger design : to build Quebecor through acquisitions into an integrated paper , publishing and printing concern with a reach throughout North America . 
At least once Mancuso 's boss yells `` In here -- now , '' and proceeds to dress his investigator down : 
Until now , its inability to form membership ties with organized labor has kept it from penetrating the lucrative New York metropolitan area construction market . 
The adjacent tables show the Big Board and Amex issues in which a short interest position of at least 100,000 shares existed as of mid-October or in which there was a short position change of at least 50,000 shares since mid-September . 
Accordingly , the hidebound traditionalist reconstructed hypothetical organisms from the Burgess fossils in such a way that they could be shoehorned into familiar categories . 
Divesting itself of what is left , as is required of all thrift institutions by July 1994 under the new federal S&L bailout law , may well prove difficult . 
Six-month and oneyear yields were unchanged , on average . 
Czechoslovakia has restricted consumer-goods exports to neighbor countries because of `` massive buying out of food '' by tourists from Poland , Hungary and the Soviet Union , the Rude Pravo daily said . 
e - In Canadian dollars . 
The whole notion of `` creativity '' in education was ( and is ) part and parcel of a romantic rebellion against disciplined instruction , which was ( and is ) regarded as `` authoritarian , '' a repression and frustration of the latent talents and the wonderful , if as yet undefined , potentialities inherent in the souls of all our children . 
And the potential market is tremendous , industry experts say . 
The airport 's biggest supplier of aircraft fuel is the Soviet Union . 
Florio Fiorini , managing director of Geneva-based Sasea , said the investors would pay only a symbolic one lira for the station , `` but we have agreed to raise the capital that will enable the company to continue operating . 
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures . 
Perhaps the shock would have been less if they 'd fixed to another low-tax , deregulated , supply-side economy . 
`` When the country gets wealthier , we tend to buy high-quality imports , '' Mr. Owen said . 
Under the plan , Gillette South Africa will sell manufacturing facilities in Springs , South Africa , and its business in toiletries and plastic bags to Twins Pharmaceuticals Ltd. , an affiliate of Anglo American Corp. , a South African company . 
For example , we 'll bet you thought that the stock market crashed two years ago . 
In 1988 , Kidder eked out a $ 46 million profit , mainly because of severe cost cutting . 
At least 10 states are resisting Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. 's nationwide effort to settle its legal troubles , and some might instead try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities within their borders . 
Proponents of expanding FHA programs say they merely want to help home buyers who are frozen out of high-priced markets . 
B.A.T Industries may delay part of its defensive restructuring plan , including the sale of its Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field units . 
Okobank ( Finland ) -- 
Separately , First Hospital reported a 1.6 % rise in net income to $ 6.1 million for its year ended June 30 on a 27 % increase in revenue to $ 110.6 million . 
Even if only some of the allegations stand up , however , they provide ample testimony to the awesome power of judges in rural communities . 
FEDERAL JUDGE EXPANDS role of U.S. courts in extradition decisions . 
An investment group led by Chicago 's Pritzker family recently lowered a $ 3.35 billion bid for American Medical International , Beverly Hills , Calif. , because of the threat of the legislation . 
Toyota plans to raise Lexus exports when a new plant starts up next year . 
He is an avuncular figure who remembers the birthdays of colleagues ' children , opens doors for women , and almost never has a bad word to say about anybody . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond , which jumped 3\/8 point , or about $ 3.75 for each $ 1,000 face amount , during the first hour of trading , ended little changed . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Stock-index arbitrage buy programs -- in which traders buy stock against offsetting positions in futures to lock in price differences -- helped the rally 's momentum . 
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three-month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks . 
Perry Levine , chairman , said Mr. Sawyer had `` taken significant steps '' to restore the company 's credibility and sense of professionalism and integrity . 
Saab said last week it `` has had and will continue to have contacts with other manufacturers . '' 
The DARPA funds are a pittance compared with what Japan and other prospective competitors are spending . 
And when Mr. Engelken 's sister , Martha , who was born two days before the home run , reached her 25th birthday , Mr. Engelken wrote his sports hero to tell him of the coincidence of events . 
He declined to confirm or deny reports that Provigo executive Henri Roy is trying to put together a management buy-out of the catalogue showroom unit . 
The total relationship , as Mr. Lee sees it , is `` the flow of dollars to the U.S. to fund the deficits , the investments the Japanese are making in the U.S. in order to satisfy American demand that American products consumed in America should be made as much as possible in America by Americans with Japanese technology and capital . '' 
Lloyd 's 66 % stake in that market has shrunk to 50 % in that period , according to an official at the Institute of London Underwriters , a Lloyd 's competitor . 
Because of the tax consequences of zero-coupon investments -- income tax is payable in the year interest is accrued , although interest is n't actually paid until maturity -- zero-coupon CDs are usually sold for tax-advantaged accounts to finance things like retirement and children 's education . 
`` You need to buy the entire lot , '' Mr. Seidman said , `` so get out your checkbooks . 
Along with Nissan , Grand Metropolitan PLC 's Burger King and New York Life Insurance have tied ads to Red Cross donations . 
Time is also fighting the transaction on other fronts , by attempting to discourage other cable operators from joining Tele-Communications as investors in Showtime , cable-TV industry executives say . 
Vickers PLC , a United Kingdom defense and engineering company , said an investment unit controlled by New Zealand financier Ron Brierley raised its stake in the company Friday to 15.02 % from about 14.6 % Thursday and from 13.7 % the previous week . 
The House 's bill would prohibit dual trading in markets with daily average volume of 7,000 contracts or more , comprising those considered too difficult to track without a sophisticated computer system . 
Although other resignations may follow , it 's still not clear to what extent the change in party personnel will alter the government 's resistance to fundamental change . 
According to U.S. sources in Beijing , the administration hopes Mr. Deng 's fairly conciliatory comments will prod Congress to be cautious about further sanctions against Beijing . 
In figures released yesterday by A.C. Nielsen Co . `` Teddy Z , '' produced by the television unit of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , was in 37th place . 
The case for owning stocks over the long-term is compelling . 
The statement added , `` Someone has regrettably chosen to selectively summarize portions of highly classified correspondence between the two branches of government . 
The TVA currently plans to issue a total of $ 6.7 billion in bonds to refinance its high-interest debt . 
The Arizona banking concern is facing difficulties related to weakness in the real estate market in the state . 
Mattel added 1 1\/4 to 19 5\/8 , Tonka firmed 1 to 18 1\/2 and Lewis Galoob Toys rose 7\/8 to 13 5\/8 on the Big Board , while Hasbro gained 1 to 21 7\/8 on the American Stock Exchange . 
American Telephone & Telegraph rose 3\/8 to 43 1\/2 in Big Board composite trading of 1.5 million shares , Chevron advanced 1 3\/4 to 66 5\/8 on 2.3 million shares , Woolworth rose 1 to 58 5\/8 , Coca-Cola Co. gained 5\/8 to 72 1\/2 and Eastman Kodak added 3\/8 to 44 1\/2 . 
Earlier this year , Penney abandoned another home shopping venture , Telaction Corp. , after investing $ 106 million in it . 
There , amid oil paintings and marble tables , massages are administered every Wednesday . 
After enduring three days of heavy selling , the beleaguered Nasdaq over-the-counter market finally rebounded , rising sharply in hearty trading . 
The Tokyo Regional Taxation Office declines to comment , and Mr. Kori , the tycoon 's secretary , says the problem simply resulted from a difference of opinion over what was considered income . 
Since 1987 , 40 states have increased the speed limit on rural interstates . 
The defense won . 
Mr. Zafris thinks rates are heading down , helping small companies . 
Often these closings come after vigorous anti-bike lobbying by conservation organizations , the politically potent Sierra Club among them . 
`` He was constantly picking up new things to fill out his experience ; he is very well-balanced , '' said Takuro Isoda , chairman of Daiwa 's U.S. unit in New York . 
The Pentagon has led the charge , particularly as military alliances spread world-wide . 
Mr. Carpenter says that when he assumes full control , Kidder will finally tap the resources of GE . 
By wooing a core black audience they figure they might keep the show alive at least until the spring semester . 
Some stock-index funds are huge . 
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer . 
Mr. Pilson and his team huddled in a hallway and took just 10 minutes to return with a $ 300 million offer . 
`` It 's tabloid news from A to Z . '' 
Next to them was the red flag of the outlawed South African Communist Party , which has long been an ANC ally . 
British politicians divide into two groups of chickens , those with their necks cut and those screaming the sky is falling . 
But the Memphis , Tenn. , facility was n't to begin turning out product until 1993 , so the decision may reveal a more pessimistic long-term outlook as well . 
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions . 
Like thousands of salespeople before them , Wang 's are finding ways to combat the bad news . 
Currently , most traders on commodity exchanges specialize in trading either for customer accounts , which makes them brokers , or for their own accounts as socalled locals . 
Last year , a federal appeals court in St. Louis said the preamble was unconstitutional , citing an earlier Supreme Court ruling that states ca n't justify stricter abortion curbs by changing the definition of when life begins . 
In an eight-count indictment , the government charged GAF , a Wayne , N.J. , chemical maker , and Mr. Sherwin with illegally attempting to manipulate the common stock of Union Carbide Corp. in advance of GAF 's planned sale of a large block of the stock in 1986 . 
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors . 
According to its most recent annual report , covering the 15 months ended March 31 , Maxwell Communication bought $ 3.85 billion in assets -- including Macmillan Inc. and Official Airlines Guides -- and sold $ 2 billion in non-strategic businesses . 
`` There 's a lot of uncertainty out there , and it will cause a lot of swings , '' he said . 
Rather , they tend to have a set of two or three favorites . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. will announce today a software program that allows computers in a network to speed up computing tasks by sending the tasks to each other . 
Joe Mack , a district manager for Cormack Enterprises Inc. , a Burger King operator in Omaha , Neb. , says discounting is so prevalent that `` we have to serve 15 % to 20 % more customers '' to keep sales level . 
`` When we started the program six years ago , the use of Filipino was deemed unwise by the predominantly middle class , '' says Lydia Brown , the program 's creator . 
Japan 's recent political turbulence , Mr. Lee said , may mean Japan will slow market adjustments . 
The basic problem of monetary policy , to which reform of the Fed should be addressed , is to prevent a recurrence of this experience . 
They led the Major Leagues in regular-season wins with 99 and flattened the Toronto Blue Jays four games to one for the American League pennant before stomping their cross-bay rivals . 
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 . 
Installation of satellite dishes , TVs and videocassette equipment will cost the company about $ 20,000 per school , Mr. Whittle said . 
Closely held Automax has annual sales of about $ 10 million . 
Thomas Stoddard , head of the Lambda Legal Defense Fund , called the prospect of the speech `` frankly shocking . '' 
Drilling activity is still far below eight years ago , there 's no hiring surge and some companies continue to shrink . 
In the latest quarter , Aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto\/homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year . 
But writing history is tough enough without judges gratuitously throwing obstacles in the scholar 's path . 
Jackets may be sold next . 
London Metal Exchange warehouse stocks were down only 4,800 metric tons for the week to 84,500 tons ; expectations late last week were a drop of 10,000 to 15,000 tons . 
Still other projects that have been announced but not yet started could put expenditures above $ 3 billion over the next few years . 
Sapporo gained 80 to 1,920 and Kirin added 60 to 2,070 . 
And earnings have been erratic . 
The leaders expressed support for trying to revive the bid following a briefing Wednesday by the union 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Paul , Weiss , Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
They include 122,700 shares bought Friday for between $ 47.125 and $ 48 each . 
Net sales for this year 's third quarter were $ 14 million , down from $ 21.4 million last year . 
Said Earl Ellis , a Jacobson partner who got involved in the UAL action , `` It all starts all over again '' today . 
Times Mirror Co. said third-quarter net income fell 13 % to $ 70.1 million , or 54 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 81 million , or 62 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Jeff Bridges is the younger brother , Jack , who fancies himself the rebellious artist ; he lives in a loft with his sick dog and the occasional visit from the little girl upstairs , who climbs down the fire escape . 
Earlier this month , the Supreme Soviet adopted two more resolutions restricting the freedom of cooperatives : The first enables the soviets to set prices for which goods may be sold ; the second bans cooperatives from buying `` industrial and food goods '' from the state or other cooperatives . 
By that time they found extremely low profit rates from non-financial corporate investment . 
The East German media soon began presenting Mr. Gorbachev 's speeches only as sketchy summaries , and giving space to his opponents . 
One can not imagine how you live when you live those double and triple lives . '' 
After talking on and off for the past four weeks , Mr. Roman said , he agreed to take the job because `` it 's the right time , it 's a terrific opportunity , and I think I leave the company in very strong hands . 
In a stunning shift in direction , Provigo Inc. said it will sell all its non-food operations to concentrate solely on its retail and wholesale grocery business . 
Currently , the company has about six million common shares outstanding . 
-- Thomas Henry . 
Positive currency rates and strong sales growth led to a substantial rise in consolidated profit in the period , although the company did n't provide figures , as is customary with Swiss companies . 
Unfortunately , the comment was buried in another article , so it could not stand out in an education context . 
The union represents about 28,000 engineers and technical workers . 
Congress is unlikely to go even that far . 
`` The extent of the claims wo n't be known for some time , '' Mr. Leach said . 
Bethlehem is also working with the United Steelworkers union to consolidate BethForge 's two machine shops and four heat-treatment facilities of the press-forge operations . 
Poland 's 2.7 million small private farms cover 76 % of its arable land . 
`` I think it 's to Fox 's advantage to be associated with the Paramount-MCA venture , '' said Michael Conway , station manager of WTXF , the TVX station that is a Fox affiliate . 
`` Most traders will be looking to buy { on } pullbacks , '' he said . 
Having argued that Galileo 's plutonium power source could have released lethal doses of radiation if the shuttle exploded yesterday , they were n't quieted by yesterday 's successful launch . 
The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found was in exactly the same spot as p53 . 
But a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee will quiz SEC Chairman Breeden Wednesday , and Treasury Secretary Brady will go before the Senate Banking panel Thursday . 
Last week , McCaw said it obtained `` firm '' financing commitments from three major banks in regard to its bid to control LIN Broadcasting . 
`` At the end of their day , they are zombies , '' says John Galipault , president of the Aviation Safety Institute , a public-interest group in Worthington , Ohio . 
By replacing the frame 's steel lugs with titanium ones , Mr. Sinyard 's company plans to make its next generation of frames even lighter . 
But Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons said their experiments also produced large amounts of heat . 
Following World War II , when one family with mechanized equipment could farm crops formerly requiring 20 families , the surplus people were dumped into the mainstream of society with no Social Security , no skills in the workplace , no hope for their future except welfare . 
The measure is expected to come before the House today , and Congress is under pressure to complete action before midnight EDT tomorrow , when the current continuing resolution expires . 
In 1979 , two Voyager spacecraft sent back stunning photos of Jovian moons Io and Europa that showed them to be among the most intriguing bodies in the solar system . 
Neal Litvack , marketing vice president for Fidelity Investments , said inflows Friday into Fidelity 's Spartan and Cash Reserves money-market funds were about twice normal levels , with about half coming from equity and junk-bond funds . 
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission . 
U.S. steel imports in August fell 14 % from a year earlier to 1,531,000 tons , according to the American Iron and Steel Institute . 
Yet his co-defendant in the case -- also a former military officer by the name of Oliver North -- has been busily and profitably burnishing his involvement in the affair . 
The White House called on Congress to attach the proposed capital-gains tax cut to its final deficit-reduction bill , but lawmakers seem likely to balk at the idea . 
Yet that did n't eliminate program trading from the market . 
Those enterprises , however , are not going to be privatized . 
In fact , at one point Merry Chase ( Melinda Mullins ) , a cool , carefully coiffed television announcer , recites a list of a dozen or more scandals of recent years , concluding with those affecting the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the savings and loan industry . 
Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. -- $ 475 million of senior subordinated resettable debentures , due Oct. 15 , 2001 , priced at par to yield 14.75 % . 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. has them under review . 
The death toll rose to 63 . 
Mr. Nadeau also is chairman and chief executive of Unigesco Inc. , Provigo 's controlling shareholder . 
`` The short of it is that the most hard-bitten among us can not get into too sour a mood with communism collapsing , '' says Mitchell Daniels , a former Reagan White House aide who now is president of the Hudson Institute . 
`` Someone must monitor where the funds are deployed , '' says Mr. Dave . 
`` Progressive education '' ( as it was once called ) is far more interesting and agreeable to teachers than is disciplined instruction . 
Stanislav Ovcharenko , who represents the Soviet airline Aeroflot here , has some visions that are wild even by the current standards of perestroika . 
Of Douglas Woodward 's Honors Economics Class , 
Under one count , Gulf Power would plead guilty to conspiring to violate the Utility Holding Company Act . 
Now there are many cars for every purse and purpose . 
But in Mr. Sohmer 's Ozarks , he is but the tip of the patriarchal iceberg . 
The Navy is ordering displays for its Aegis cruisers and the Army wants smaller versions for its Abrams battle tanks . 
The suit alleges that Ms. Levine was fired after she refused to accept a lower paying , less visible job upon reaching her sixth month of pregnancy . 
That 's Chandler 's setup . 
Only CDs sold by major brokerage firms posted significant increases in average yields in the latest week , reflecting increased yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction . 
There are those who say that this is nothing new , that America has always suffered from a bad case of schizophrenia when it comes to the dichotomy between what is professed and what is practiced . 
`` It was only a matter of time . '' 
`` This is the first time , if we decide to do so , for Japan to extend aid of this kind to Eastern European countries , '' the spokesman said . 
Imperial Holly fell 1 5\/8 to 27 1\/8 in the wake of its third-quarter earnings report . 
There was a horrible smell of gas as I passed the Chevron refinery before crossing the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge . 
The state is n't ruling out revoking Drexel 's brokerage license . 
In yesterday 's accord , Quebecor agreed to pay $ 400 million in cash for Maxwell Graphics , and to give Maxwell Communication a 20 % stake , valued at $ 100 million , in Quebecor 's new printing subsidiary . 
Shareholders ' funds as of July 31 were estimated at more than A$ 1 billion , Mr. Skase said , compared with A$ 725 million a year earlier . 
The company said its third-quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue . 
General Motors Corp. is planning to build a new engine plant in Europe that may be built in Britain , provided the company can reach a satisfactory agreement with unions , sources said . 
Key to the issue is that the bikes , in skillful hands , can go virtually anywhere , and in reckless hands can become vehicles of terror . 
They were either too small or uneconomic to maintain , the company said . 
Aoki gained 60 yen to 1,480 yen ( $ 10.40 ) . 
As part of its offer , Manville said it requested changes in some covenants between it and the trust to allow Manville to `` reflect a more typical corporate ownership and financial structure . '' 
Ferro Corp. said it will buy back as many as one million common shares . 
The latest developments in cold fusion research were presented in 24 reports delivered at the fall meeting here of the Electrochemical Society , the first scientific meeting in five months to hear formal reports on cold fusion experiments . 
`` Institutions are herding animals , '' says Peter Anderson , who heads the pension-fund management arm of IDS Financial Services Inc . 
The loss in Comprehensive Care 's latest quarter is equal to 46 cents a share . 
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) was confident he had enough votes to block the maneuver on procedural grounds , perhaps as soon as today . 
The harvest delays , however , are expected to be temporary . 
`` But think of the money you , the reader , will save on Halloween , '' said Mr. Barnicle . 
Financial analysts note that Mr. Rey is attracted to companies that are undervalued on the basis of their real-estate interests . 
The New York study 's companies averaged 27 employees ; their annual crime losses averaged about $ 15,000 , with an additional $ 8,385 annual cost in security -- enough money to hire at least one more worker . 
The plan was complete except for finishing touches , and there was talk that it would be unveiled as early as yesterday . 
As the stock market lurched into a 190-point free fall on Oct. 13 , Mr. Breeden found himself scurrying around the sixth floor of the SEC -- from his desk , where the New York Stock Exchange was on an open line , to his assistant 's office , where the Commodity Futures Trading Commission was connected , to a third room , where a computer monitored market moves . 
`` Sit tight '' through the coming volatility , Mr. Reitman suggests , though he concedes that many small investors will find Jaguar 's zigzags `` too hard to swallow . '' 
He cautioned , however , that a `` tough tax-rate comparison '' may slow the company 's earnings growth for the current quarter . 
The previous deadline to complete the sale was Nov. 30 . 
I was appalled to read the misstatements of facts in your Oct. 13 editorial `` Colombia 's Brave Publisher . '' 
( Mr. Moon 's Paragon House eventually even published three of my co-edited books on religion and politics . ) 
But you knew that , did n't you ? 
Sterling said it had requested a briefing by NASA but had not decided whether to protest the agency 's latest decision . 
In this way , the house is not dumped on to a glutted market . 
Merrill 's index arbitragers will continue to do other kinds of computer-assisted program trading , so there probably wo n't be any layoffs at the firm , people familiar with Merrill 's program operation said . 
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said . 
Meanwhile , the company 's board , which had said nothing publicly about investor Donald Trump 's recently withdrawn $ 7.5 billion offer for AMR , issued a statement condemning `` ill-conceived and reckless '' bids and saying it was `` pleased '' that Mr. Trump had backed out . 
In 1986 , Stamford officials thanked Mr. Hoelzer for taking care of the mural -- and demanded he return it as soon as possible . 
`` If you are born to give parties , you give parties . 
On Monday , for instance , Howard Ward , a principal at Scudder , Stevens & Clark , found that `` you could n't buy blue-chips at quoted prices without paying up . '' 
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size . 
They root among the designer offerings at Neiman-Marcus and Bullocks Wilshire . 
Prevented by the Communist Party from getting on its slate of nominees for the new Supreme Soviet , he stood as an independent candidate for Congress from his native Ukraine and won with 84 % of the vote . 
They are `` at the base of all of the problems of corruption , '' he says . 
For Akzo 's drug business , where profits have shown litle change for the past five years , Mr. Bergsma predicted moderate profit growth . 
The company increased its loan loss reserve to $ 354 million from $ 342 million at the end of the second quarter . 
The Big Three auto makers already have slashed fourth-quarter production plans 10.4 % below year-ago levels , but that may not be enough to prevent inventories from ballooning if sales do n't improve . 
Chairman and Chief Executive Joseph Corr was succeeded by Frank Lorenzo , chief of parent Texas Air . 
`` He still has n't proven his mettle as a big-league take-out artist , '' said airline analyst Kevin Murphy of Morgan Stanley & Co . 
`` It gave me great pride to see the inventor of the microcassette in Japan look at the pico and shake his head and say ` unbelievable , ' '' says Mr. Jachmann . 
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit-cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic-illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee-benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill . 
The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- buying advertising , public relations and design all in one place , or `` Ogilvy Orchestration '' in Ogilvyspeak -- a reality . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-stock Index rose 5.37 to 347.13 and the Nasdaq composite index jumped 7.52 to 470.80 . 
Then the computers give us more information than we can ever read . 
`` The employment report is going to be difficult to interpret , '' said Michael Englund , economist with MMS International , a unit of McGraw-Hill Inc. , New York . 
So far there is little to show for such efforts . 
Encouraged by Mr. Wilder 's sly grins , embarrassed grimaces and sputtering rages , the audience gets the joke and begins to laugh before the end of the first act . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Aside from the takeover news , big buy orders were placed for blue-chip shares in afternoon trading . 
For the week , the industrial average gained 119.88 points , or 4.7 % , the biggest weekly point advance ever and a better than 50 % rebound from the 190.58 point loss the industrial average logged Oct. 13 . 
Just a month ago , Mr. Bush sternly threatened to veto a pending welfare bill if it provided any abortion funds , except to save a woman 's life . 
But even that is disputed by Manufacturers Hanover which , in alliance with the IRS , contends that Minpeco has already collected more than its actual damages from other defendants in the silver-conspiracy case . 
Marshall Y. Taylor 
Mr. Canelo of Bear Stearns agrees : `` If we do have an economic slowdown , '' he says , `` companies with high debt ratios will be dumped en masse . '' 
I knew it was someone important , so I followed her into the ladies room and sure enough , it was Liza . 
This bill simply says that if you want to develop property on a barrier island you have to do so without taxpayer support . 
New York Stock Exchange volume shrank to 166.9 million shares from 224.1 million Tuesday . 
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism . 
`` Measure for Measure '' is one of Shakespeare 's `` problem '' plays , so named because it does not fit neatly into a category such as tragedy , comedy or history . 
GE 's Kidder Peabody unit said it would stop doing stock-index arbitrage for its own account , while Merrill Lynch said it was halting such trading entirely . 
Based on yesterday 's closing price of the S&P , the average value of one day 's trading amounts to $ 7.6 billion . 
The No. 1 U.S. auto maker then wrote Jaguar that it intends `` to go to that 15 % '' level once it wins the U.S. clearance to go beyond $ 15 million , a Jaguar spokesman said yesterday . 
The greatest contribution Congress could make at this time would be to declare that stabilizing the price level is the primary responsibility of the Federal Reserve System . 
The ARCO plan takes into account such details as which aspects of business are busier at certain times of the year . 
One of Mr. Roberts 's observations is that the Bank 's own loan portfolio is in deep trouble because of its lending to developing countries . 
The aspect of being a mega-lawyer is n't as important . '' 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Petco Options , an options trading firm owned by the family of the deceased former Chicago Board of Trade chairman Ralph Peters , is getting out of the trade clearing , or processing and guaranteeing , business after sustaining a multimillion dollar loss Friday , options industry officials said . 
The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . 
As he stands on a hill at the beginning of a six-day motor expedition from Oxfordshire to Cornwall , where a former housekeeper resides , perhaps the victim of an unhappy 20-year marriage , perhaps ( he hopes with more fervor than he will ever acknowledge ) not disinclined to return to domestic service , Stevens surveys the view and thereby provides a self-portrait , a credo and the author 's metaphor for the aesthetic of the novel we 're reading : 
And by basing donations on BK Doubles , a new double-hamburger line the fast-food chain is trying to push , Burger King works a sales pitch into its public-service message . 
We 're sure some theologian can explain the difference between what the Republican consultants have been doing with HUD and what these gentleladies and gentlemen want to do with HUD . 
He has resigned his posts at Triad to take the Kansas Power positions . 
The issue was rated single-B-2 by Moody 's and single-B by S&P . 
Kidder Peabody raised its investment rating on the stock and its earnings estimates for 1989 and 1990 , based on optimism that the company 's ABC television network will continue to fare well in the ratings . 
When industries were weak , it protected them . 
But the secretary of state advised Israel that attempting to overhaul the five-point plan risked delaying the negotiations aimed at Mideast peace . 
In major market activity : Treasury bond prices fell . 
He believes that the task facing Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan is so difficult that it resembles `` juggling a double-bladed ax and a buzz saw . '' 
This team initially called its new model Personal Retirement Account , or `` PRA . '' 
Again , you have to ask the obvious question : Why would intelligent beings kidnap seven Soviet mailmen ? 
They needed new crises to generate new grants and contracts . 
The increase follows a monthly rise of 0.2 % in September from August . 
( Some exchange wags call the building `` the oil rig . '' ) 
As a last recourse , when all else has failed and you are pinned , apologize for having disappointed those who trusted you but deny having actually done anything wrong . 
They peck away at the 1 1\/2-mile section of rubble , searching for more of the 250 people thought to have died here . 
For the Parks and millions of other young Koreans , the long-cherished dream of home ownership has become a cruel illusion . 
At a news conference this week , Bank of Japan Gov. Satoshi Sumita cautioned banks to take a `` prudent '' stance regarding highly leveraged deals . 
`` Ford 's appetite to attack { Jaguar } could gradually wane over time , particularly if Saab is a reasonably attractive proposition , '' says John Lawson , an auto analyst at London 's Nomura Research Institute . 
`` The thing about the Dinkins candidacy is that it offers hope to a broad range of people , '' says Meyer Frucher , a real-estate executive and former aide to Gov. Mario Cuomo . 
Nine-month sales were $ 2.79 billion , up 8.2 % from $ 2.58 billion a year earlier . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
The U.S. , therefore , has a historic opportunity both to strike a blow for human rights in Somalia and to undo the superpower flip-flop of the late 1970s on the Horn of Africa . 
Unilever already has experienced some disappointment . 
`` She can no longer be trusted to behave in a civilised -- that is unflaky -- fashion when abroad . '' 
`` Niche-itis fragments our advertising dollars , '' said Mr. Lauder . 
Moreover , Mr. Guber claims , Mr. Semel told him that Mr. Ross probably would n't object `` if it were anybody other than Sony . 
Mr. Bush himself essentially acknowledged that he and his aides were trying to head off criticism . 
SIERRA TUCSON Cos. said it completed its initial public offering of 2.5 million common shares , which raised $ 30 million . 
Angel Gurria , Mexico 's top debt negotiator , said the country 's creditor banks are responding positively to Mexico 's debt-reduction package . 
DEFERRED ANNUITIES : 
It was down more than 40 points a half-hour before the close , marking a 61.5-point turnaround from its high , reached in the first 15 minutes of trading . 
It even directed newspapers not to publish anything that might stain the honor of the Turkish sultan 's wives . 
`` There is little or no integration of our work , quality is spotty , there is no single focus , '' Mr. Phillips complained to staffers in March , when the reorganization was announced . 
The refunding issue , which had been in the wings for two months , was one of the chief offerings overhanging the market and limiting price appreciation . 
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen-Probe . 
Similarly , the measure adjusts the current funding formula to promise smaller states such as New Hampshire and Delaware a minimum allocation of $ 1.6 million each in drug grants , or three times the current minimum . 
The network had been expected to have losses of as much as $ 20 million on baseball this year . 
IRS Commissioner Fred T. Goldberg said the changes are intended to bring `` accountability '' to the agency , which has an annual budget of more than $ 5 billion and collects about $ 1 trillion a year . 
In such situations , you can not write rules in advance , you can only make sure the President takes the responsibility . 
Eight months after Gen. Boris Gromov walked across the bridge into the U.S.S.R. , a Soviet-controlled regime remains in Kabul , the refugees sit in their camps , and the restoration of Afghan freedom seems as far off as ever . 
The IMF has several reasons for requesting the increase . 
The Senate did n't vote on six lesser charges . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. last week downgraded the long-term deposit rating of Boston Co. 's Boston Safe Deposit & Trust Co. subsidiary , to single-A-1 from double-A-3 , citing problems in the company 's `` aggressively managed securities portfolio . '' 
Following are excerpts from the electronic traffic that night . 
The company maintains that it does n't expect Emhart to contribute to earnings for about another 12 months . 
`` It 's an attractive market with good growth opportunities , '' he added . 
`` We think that it 's going to be far more favorable to own a station before the law is passed than to try to buy one afterward , '' Mr. Fiorini said . 
Among the brands for sale are Beefeater gin , the No. 2 imported gin in the U.S. , and Laphroaig single-malt whiskey . 
It is not the kind of thing that is likely to be enacted , however . 
Option by borrower to increase issue amount to 150 million francs . 
They want a 24-hour library . 
DIALING DOLLARS : 
Last year it funded its high employment by heavy borrowing , and it suffered huge losses when sales turned down instead of rising . 
Jay Marcus , president , said the move `` reflects the confidence of our board and management in Halsey 's long-term prospects and our desire to provide our shareholders with an attractive return on their investment . '' 
After three Sagos were stolen from his home in Garden Grove , `` I put a big iron stake in the ground and tied the tree to the stake with a chain , '' he says proudly . 
Also Jonathan Silvers , who collaborated with Mr. Hoffman on two books . 
But increasingly , people are questioning that view , and the critics include some of the country 's most successful investors . 
Under an agreement signed last June , the Soviets will help Iran in oil exploration and other areas in return for exports of Iranian natural gas . 
Big Board volume dropped to 166,900,000 shares , in line with the level of trading over the past few weeks , from 224.1 million Tuesday . 
Mr. Kiep said he sought the combination because `` all our large clients in Germany are becoming European companies or multinational companies and they expect an insurance broker '' to serve them as well in Paris as in Germany . 
Mr. Gonzalez and his colleagues , particularly the finance minister , Carlos Solchaga , are charged with having abandoned their socialist principles and with having become arrogant elitists who refuse even to go on television ( controlled by the state ) to face their accusers . 
I rode it out on the second floor of Leo 's at 55th and Telegraph in Oakland . 
The opposition Labor Party leader , Neil Kinnock , in a display of the male chauvinism typical of the British lower class , denounced Mrs. Thatcher for having an independent mind and refusing to heed the men in her Cabinet . 
If the whole story were told , it would read something like this : 
`` My first reaction is I do n't understand why it 's taken so long . 
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square . 
The rebels also reportedly tightened a blockade on roads leading to the capital , and government forces shelled a guerrilla-held area in western Afghanistan . 
But so far , he declares , there 's little evidence the `` new urgency '' is trickling down to the managers who actually do hiring . 
Meanwhile , competitors are being spawned almost daily ; some 300 new businesses -- many just one-person shops -- have sprung up . 
The real income of wage-earning families in the month eased 1.2 % to 438,845 yen from the previous year . 
Book value per share , which is based on investments at cost , was a negative $ 6.69 a share . 
WHITMAN & RANSOM recruits lawyers from disbanding firm : 
Paramedics were called . 
Canadian retail sales rose 0.2 % in August from July , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
`` If there 's any coincidence about the departures it 's that they are leaving at a time when the business is in reasonably good shape and going forward very well . '' 
According to a survey of some 2,400 large companies by the Japan Development Bank , expanded capacity is the goal of just 51.8 % of the outlays ; for manufacturers alone , the figure is 32 % . 
By then it also hopes to begin producing a passenger car based on the Volvo 240 and selling for about $ 20,000 . 
Our phones are quiet around here , '' said Don R. Hays , director of investment strategy at Wheat First Butcher & Singer Inc. , Richmond , Va . 
If Mr. McDonough has his way , the Poles will compensate for the trade center 's emissions of carbon dioxide , a prime suspect in the global atmospheric warming many scientists fear . 
USX is funneling drilling pipe to steel-hungry Soviet Union . 
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . '' 
The printing customers that Quebecor will gain through Maxwell Graphics include the Sunday newspaper supplement Parade , Time , Sports Illustrated and TV Guide . 
The historical profession will survive these decisions . 
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . '' 
In New York , Roger Killion , a Hambrecht executive vice president , said he expects OTC trading at the company to resume this morning , either in New York or in San Francisco . 
This attitude is being waved away by sophisticates around Washington as little more than tough talk . 
Labor costs climbed 1.2 % in private industry during the third quarter , matching the second-quarter rise . 
Profit from the calls goes to charity , but ABC Sports also uses the calls as a sales tool : After thanking callers for voting , Frank Gifford offers a football videotape for $ 19.95 , and 5 % of callers stay on the line to order it . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say they got a look at the books and balked at the price . 
SYDNEY-Qintex Australia Ltd. , under pressure from bank lenders , has called in accounting firm Peat Marwick Hungerfords to help oversee asset sales and restructure the resorts and media company . 
Under its revised fleet plan , PWA said it will also increase its existing fleet of eight Boeing 767-300ER aircraft to 18 by 1994 , and add four more Boeing 747-400s by 1994 to the two units that it previously planned to add by next year . 
That may leave a lot of leeway for U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Burton R. Lifland to decide what , if anything , the pilots actually collect . 
December copper opened near Monday 's close , tried to rally but failed , and then triggered stop-loss orders on its way down to settle at $ 1.1510 a pound , off 4.50 cents for the day . 
For Iowa , a $ 1.8 million request became $ 12 million for Senator Grassley , ranking minority member of a military construction subcommittee . 
Microsoft earned $ 3.03 a share in fiscal 1989 . 
His speech criticized the `` idiocy of notions of protected groups in society '' as opposed to individual equality or , as he put it , in `` a common destiny as Americans . '' 
However , HealthVest said the Tokyo bank indicated that it wo n't accelerate HealthVest 's $ 50 million loan . 
A women said she saw the park 's light standards sway . 
PAPERS : 
Yesterday , U.S. Judge Alcee Hastings faced his jury -- the full U.S. Senate -- and said , `` I am not guilty of having committed any crime . '' 
In return , HealthVest agreed that it wo n't exercise its rights and remedies against Healthcare during the 120-day period . 
Almost 40 % of schizophrenic men have an impaired sense of smell vs. fewer than 10 % of schizophrenic women , reports the American Journal of Psychiatry . 
This summer , the jamboree attracted more visitors than the busiest week of the town 's winter ski season . 
Mr. Spielvogel said he hopes Mr. Achenbaum will do some strategic consulting at the agency for `` non-clients , in hopes that they become clients . '' 
Although the half-hour situation comedy seen Mondays at 9:30 p.m . Eastern and Pacific time is n't a candidate for cancellation , it is slated for fine-tuning and by next week the network may announce `` Teddy Z '' is moving to 8:30 p.m. from its 9:30 time slot , replacing `` The People Next Door , '' which became the first network show to be canceled this season . 
`` One of the three major markets in the world is getting chewed up pretty bad . '' 
In the year-ago third quarter , Time on its own reported net income of $ 81 million , or $ 1.42 a share . 
By contrast , traditional buy-and-hold investors are unlikely to generate sudden price moves . 
Over the years , the world 's stream of oil has been growing heavier . 
Investors were concerned that they might be unable to exercise options that expire tomorrow . 
Leaving the exchange at about 5 p.m. , the Jacobson specialists made no predictions about how trading might go today . 
Next month , NASA plans to launch a satellite to study cosmic rays dating from the birth of the universe . 
The Asahi Shimbun , a Japanese daily , last month reported that Aichi revised its tax calculations after being challenged for allegedly failing to report all of its income to tax authorities over a two-year period . 
`` They are n't showing James Madison taking a puff or lighting up , '' says Laurence Tribe , a professor of constitutional law at Harvard University . 
But the guidelines could `` make it impossible to commercialize research , '' says Kenneth Smith , associate provost and vice president for research at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
That meant no trading would occur in the final seconds , as a way of making sure that last-second orders are n't subjected to a sudden price swing that would upset customers . 
`` They 're dead wrong . '' 
The Egg King carries written instructions to break only high-grade eggs that have been properly sanitized and , as an added precaution , to use the eggs only in products that will be cooked enough to kill bacteria . 
Three were chauffeurs for J. Edgar Hoover , and two cleaned his house . '' 
The discovery of the ozone `` hole '' over Antarctica and the results of ground-based and high-altitude aircraft experiments conducted over the past several years serve as evidence that ozone depletion is related to CFC concentrations . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3427.39 , up 
The exclusion would apply to assets sold after Oct. 1 . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Aetna closed at $ 60 , down 50 cents . 
The illegal `` tip '' of the bunny 's good nose was then largely a confirmation of rumors already known to many in the market . 
This trend appears to be especially true at General Motors Corp. , which used both dealer and consumer incentives to ignite sales in August and September . 
Ms. Bartlett blithely suggested calling upon `` semi-skilled garden club workers for maintenance . '' 
The first part , consisting of $ 2.5 million of 11 1\/4 % secured equipment certificates due June 15 , 1990 , was priced at 98.481 with a yield to maturity of 13.75 % . 
Although the five-year strategy may be excellent , what will be the strategy in 25 years ? 
Some even claim the group has become a lagging , not leading , indicator . 
`` It 's hard to imagine how the markets were speculating , given that nobody could get through to San Francisco , '' said one amazed oil company executive . 
So , he advises , make goals achievable . 
Yesterday , in heavy , national over-the-counter trading , Lotus shares rose to $ 32.50 , up $ 1.25 apiece , capping a threemonth run-up of more than 40 % . 
Both periods included non-recurring charges of $ 3 million for early retirement of debt . 
But interest instead decreased . 
Mr. Skase , a 41-year-old former newspaper reporter who chairs the company , said in a statement that Qintex will sell its 51 % stake in its upscale Mirage resorts in Australia and Hawaii as well as three Australian television stations . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it received a $ 12 million contract to provide virtual network services to Woolworth Corp. 's 5,600 corporate and retail sites in the 
If earnings do n't live up to analysts ' expectations , he says , that 's enough to dump the stock . 
In April , Hoechst , the largest producer of CFCs in West Germany , said it wanted to reduce production of the product by 50 % by 1993 . 
Northrop Corp. received a $ 93.5 million contract by the U.S. Air Force for production tooling and test equipment for the Tacit Rainbow defense-suppression missile . 
Many Japanese companies have taken the warnings by the country 's leaders to heart and sought development partnerships rather than landmark properties . 
Canada was the second most pro-NATO country with 78 % supporting the alliance , followed by the U.S. with 75 % , Britain with 71 % , Belgium with 69 % and West Germany with 63 % . 
Exxon 's profit fell 9 % in the third quarter , hurt by sagging results at two of its three main businesses . 
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community . 
He succeeds L.L. White Jr. , 62 , who resigned but continues as a director . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Thursday , gold was quoted at $ 368.24 an ounce . 
UAL , which is trying to reconstruct a buy-out bid that banks would n't finance , represents the future of one of the most powerful ingredients in the bull market - corporate restructuring . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Or he might have to incur a huge expense of either buying Mr. Icahn 's stock , possibly at a premium , or paying stockholders a special dividend partly because of Mr. Icahn 's pressure . 
But its thirdquarter earnings rose to 26 cents a share from 18 cents a share last year . 
When they found it last winter , Dr. Vogelstein was dubious that the search was over . 
The volume is well below the industry 's 4 % to 5 % growth rate of recent years , but in line with other soft-drink companies for the third quarter . 
But even if he effects a Hyde-to-Jekyll transformation , he will face a serious ideological crisis and Reunification Scenario Two . 
The North Texas Chevy Dealers recently had a record sales month after the debut of ad campaign that thumbs its nose at elite Easterners . 
Every day , Mr. Levy checks orders from Campeau department store chains , trying to guess if he will be paid . 
It is a problem common to small companies that have grown fast -- especially when their success attracts big-time competitors . 
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death . 
Mr. Allen 's commissioners voted to call his unread speech `` thoughtless , disgusting and unnecessarily inflammatory . '' 
Working Woman , with circulation near one million , and Working Mother , with 625,000 circulation , are legitimate magazine success stories . 
NEW ENGLAND CRITICAL CARE Inc. offered $ 35 million in convertible subordinated debentures through Morgan Stanley & Co. and Prudential-Bache Capital Funding . 
This is particularly good news for those who hate risk , who are incapable of doing extensive amounts of planning and who refuse to see their life styles hurt in any way . 
If that happens , Chairman Greenspan could well become an open target . 
The real estate investment trust said the `` purported class action suit , '' seeks `` damages and other remedies under federal securities law and state law . '' 
Merrill has been the fourth-biggest stock-index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day . 
`` If they tried to sell , they 'd be chasing their own tail . 
Still , its edge is lost . 
Still , Mr. Carew thinks he can reach a good chunk of the three million-plus black homes he needs by mailing to the almost 10,000 blacks who form what he calls `` the grapevine . '' 
Shorn of all their riders , special provisions , and other bells and whistles , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : so-called pure insurance , which amasses no cash value in the policy and pays off only upon death , and permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive . 
Still , complete and total segregation remains elusive . 
There is also worry that the Pepper Commission studying long-term health care will again push lawmakers toward employerpaid solutions . 
`` Take heart , sports fans , '' he wrote . 
The city 's recovery from the earthquake was uneven . 
Growth stocks may be as big as Philip Morris or medium-sized such as Circuit City Stores , but their common characteristic is a history of increasing profits on the order of at least 15 % to 20 % a year , money managers say . 
Still others are looking at overseas markets . 
Lung-cancer mortality rates increase with age and are continuing to rise for all age groups over 55 , with sharp increases for everybody but white men . 
Currency concerns also weigh heavily on interest rate-sensitive stocks such as banking and other financial issues because of fears that Japanese interest rates might have to rise to keep the dollar in check . 
ARTY FAX from David Hockney begins a tongue-in-cheek exhibit today at New York 's Andre Emmerich Gallery . 
The spirits business `` would require substantial additional investment to enable it to compete effectively in the first division of global players . '' 
Honecker , who was reported ill following gall-bladder surgery in August , said he was resigning for health reasons . 
Will the investments pay off ? 
Georgia Pacific Corp. , up $ 1.25 to $ 58 , and Maxxam Inc. , up $ 3 to $ 43.75 , both reported strong profits . 
Sperry merged with Burroughs Corp. to become Unisys Corp. in late 1986 . 
Inflation is expected to be highest in Greece , where it is projected at 14.25 % , and Portugal , at 13 % . 
For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier . 
Leading the gains for Du Pont in the latest quarter was its industrial products segment , where profit soared to $ 155 million from $ 99 million a year earlier . 
Within the appropriations conference yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure is the second largest of the annual domestic spending bills and covers a disparate collection of accounts for science , housing , veterans and the environment . 
South African gold stocks closed higher . 
The hottest rivalry in the computer industry intensified sharply yesterday as Digital Equipment Corp. announced its first line of mainframe computers , targeting International Business Machines Corp. 's largest market . 
He said that within the past few days , he 's gotten evidence that there is a `` weak correlation '' between the time the heat bursts occur and the production of tritium . 
Guillermo Ortiz 's Sept. 15 Americas column , `` Mexico 's Been Bitten by the Privatization Bug , '' is a refreshingly clear statement of his government 's commitment to privatization , and must be welcomed as such by all Americans who wish his country well . 
Mr. Kimmel was a director of the company and a predecessor firm since 1980 . 
But it is n't clear how long GM would be willing to fight Ford for Jaguar . 
A former Oklahoma governor , he 's a thoughtful defender of presidential powers in foreign policy . 
Despite Mr. Blaine 's protests , the judge rescheduled her case for Nov. 27 . 
His family was given three hours to leave before the house and contents were confiscated . 
He is now designing a Broadway stage set for a show by the band Kid Creole and the Coconuts . 
The young president so admires Japanese discipline that he sends his children to a Japanese school in Mexico City . 
`` One of the difficulties people in real estate have is that each product is like starting a new company , or starting a new line in the fashion business , '' says L. Robert Lieb president of Mountain Development Corp. in West Paterson , N.J . 
Many of his views on the protection of wilderness areas , rivers and canyons are now embraced by mainstream , conservative Utahans . 
Of the scores of companies contacted by this newspaper , few reported any damage that they did n't expect to have remedied within a day or two . 
The question , she said , is whether Drexel should be allowed to pay and move on , or `` whether you should ( simply ) revoke the license when someone is convicted of a felony . '' 
The park also has emergency centers where specially trained employees would go to coordinate evacuation and rescue plans using walkie-talkies , cellular phones , and a public-address system . 
Nor will students from racial-minority groups who are admitted through the new category be counted against the affirmative-action `` target '' for their group . 
Results for the earlier quarter included a $ 100,000 restructuring charge . 
Circus Circus 's flagship casino has become the envy of competitors for its ability to vacuum cash from the pockets of vacationing families . 
Lawmakers , haunted by charges that some of their comments contributed to the 1987 crash , generally shy away from calls for sweeping new legislation . 
We have literally altered the chemistry and physics of our planet 's atmosphere . 
California officials plan to ask Congress for $ 3 billion or more of federal aid , in the form of grants and low-interest loans . 
He added that `` having just one firm do this is n't going to mean a hill of beans . 
He retains 9,232 shares . 
For Cheap Air Fares , Spend Christmas Aloft 
While Georgia-Pacific 's stock has outperformed the market in the past two years , Nekoosa has lagged the market in the same period . 
-- A tax of between 3 % and 6 % on property holdings that exceed the governmentset ceiling . 
AT&T also said net income rose 19 % in the third quarter . 
`` This is the best way to transfer technology straight off the campuses of universities . '' 
With investors relieved at the overnight gain in New York stocks , small-lot buying orders streamed into the market from early morning , making traders believe the market was back to normal . 
But after a few pleasantries , the Soviets unexpectedly got serious . 
Scott Wakeman was named president and chief operating officer of U.S. operations , titles that had been held by Mr. Weekes . 
Toyota Motor Corp. grandly touted its system in a car that splits in half to reveal the suspension 's inner workings . 
However , David Threlkeld , president of Threlkeld & Co. , an international metals company , noted that so far this year copper consumption is way ahead of the same period of 1988 , and that projected production is below last year . 
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F-16 aircraft and related equipment . 
To build a nest egg that would pay for Stanford when a current first-grader reaches college age , parents would need to set aside $ 773.94 a month -- for 12 years . 
After watching interest in the sport plummet for years , the ski industry is trying to give itself a lift . 
She urges client couples to begin a `` detoxification '' period , purging social and other nonproductive activities and setting time apart for themselves . 
`` We 've been putting in long hours , '' Mr. Ramirez says -- six-day weeks and 13-hour days for the last two months . 
On Oct. 5 , the Bundesbank raised the Lombard and discount rates by one percentage point to 8 % and 6 % , respectively , the highest levels in seven years . 
The Ministry of Education is nothing but a cartel for licensed teachers , and certainly does not act on behalf of students . 
Nothing stirred the soul of Ronald Reagan and his disciples as much as the crusade to aid Nicaragua 's Contra rebels , or the dream of building a space-based defense shield to knock out Soviet nuclear missiles . 
The tape was on tv before the night was out . 
The Merc said that as part of the disciplinary settlement , neither man admitted , nor denied the alleged violations . 
Final approval was on a 67-31 roll call in the Senate , which sets the stage for a veto confrontation with Mr. Bush over the issue of publicly financed abortions for poor women . 
He does this in at least three of his solo pieces . 
Apple Computer improved 7\/8 to 47 5\/8 ; Intel slipped 1\/4 to 33 1\/4 , and Valley National Corp. was up 1\/8 to 15 1\/8 . 
They add that the Fed has allowed the key federal funds interest rate to dip to about 8 5\/8 % from its levels of just below 9 % last week . 
The dollar finished mixed , while gold declined . 
It is also known as the fraud capital of the U.S. , dubbed by investigators and the media as the `` Cote de Fraud '' . 
But in this case the needle has a very sharp point . 
Amoco Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 39 % to $ 336 million , or 65 cents a share , as gasoline refining and marketing profits lagged substantially behind last year 's record level . 
And unruly crowds at RJR Nabisco Inc. 's booth almost knocked over a glass showcase in the rush to get a free Camel cigarette sticker . 
He has a built-in , constant longing for lower interest rates . 
Next 's computer also needs more software applications , but Mr. Jobs said he expects more soon . 
For example , paralyzed car-crash victims occasionally have some intact spinal tissues that , if preserved by emergency surgery , enable partial recovery . 
The humanitarian assistance , which pays for supplies such as food and clothing for the rebels amassed along the Nicaraguan border with Honduras , replaced the military aid cut off by Congress in February 1988 . 
In fact , this is the best bargain available to someone traveling abroad . 
A Lufthansa spokeswoman in Tokyo said the head of Lufthansa 's cargo operations had been in Toyko last week for talks with JAL . 
We suspect that Justice will some day agree that only the complete repeal of RICO can guarantee an end to injustices in its name . 
Blue Arrow added 1\/2 to 17 1\/4 . 
Bond prices were barely higher . 
He said Du Pont holds about 23 % of the world-wide market , the largest single share , at a time when growing uses for the pigment have kept it in tight supply , although others are now adding low-cost production capacity . 
( The pro-choice lobby does n't . 
Their tone was good-natured , with Mr. Packwood saying he intended to offer the proposal again and again on future legislation and Sen. Mitchell saying he intended to use procedural means to block it again and again . 
On it , a quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce three-quarters of its grain , beef , eggs and milk , and nine-tenths of its fruit , vegetables and potatoes . 
The issue is being sold through Freddie Mac 's 17-member securities selling group . 
So we must look elsewhere for an explanation of the unusual power this case has exerted over the minds of many , not just in Washington but elsewhere in the country and even the world . 
Income from continuing operations was up 26 % . 
`` Lion Nathan has a concluded contract with Bond and Bell Resources , '' said Douglas Myers , chief executive of Lion Nathan . 
Senate Republicans have settled on a proposal that would cut the capital-gains tax for individuals and corporations . 
Mr. Booker , executive director of Ford 's Latin America Automotive Operations since December 1988 , was named vice president of Ford Asia-Pacific . 
An estimated $ 40 million would come annually from a new $ 20,000 charge on pre-merger notifications to the Justice Department , and Securities and Exchange Commission filing fees would rise by 25 % to fund a $ 26 million increase in the agency 's budget . 
And though federal law dictates that only $ 100 million can be disbursed from that fund in any one state per disaster , administration officials expect Congress to move in to authorize spending more now in California . 
The company said Carol Cable , based in Pawtucket , R.I. , is a leading supplier of electrical and electronic wire and cable for the distributor , retail and original equipment manufacturer markets . 
Nevertheless , he adds , `` I would n't get totally shocked if we get lawsuits out of the Bay Bridge . '' 
Ralston Purina will promote its Chex Party Mix 's three new flavor packets named for Charlie Brown , Lucy and Linus . 
Currency analysts predict that in the coming week the foreign exchange market will shift its focus back to economic fundamentals , keeping a close eye out for any signs of monetary easing by U.S. Federal Reserve . 
The consumer price index climbed 4.3 % in the same period . 
The deficit was 466 billion lire in August . 
Right now , Mr. Hulings is waving his racing program , cheering for Karnak on the Nile , a sleek thoroughbred galloping down the home stretch . 
At Nynex , net slumped 14.8 % , primarily because of a continuing strike by 60,000 employees , lower-than-expected profit at its New York Telephone unit and significantly higher taxes and costs . 
And why not ? 
Activity continued to slow from the hectic pace set during the market 's plunge late Friday and its rebound Monday , as players began to set their sights on events coming later this week . 
The secondary , or resale , market for asset-backed securities is relatively new and much less active than for Treasury issues . 
And senior officials of two U.S. securities houses say they switched trades in European stocks to the London market last week when they could n't unwind positions on the Continent . 
Australia 's National Companies and Securities Commission said it will allow S.A. Brewing to acquire an option on as much as 20 % of Bell Resources Ltd. , a unit of Bond Corp. that is in the process of acquiring Bond Corp. 's brewing businesses for 2.5 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 1.93 billion ) . 
Those changes also would apply to two areas hit hard by Hurricane Hugo -- South Carolina and the U.S. Virgin Islands , according to an aide to Rep. Fazio . 
`` I thought that Salinger might by being taken in another factual context come back to haunt us . 
In addition , a planned two-part offering of $ 58 million in unsecured notes was n't offered . 
Like many OTC growth issues , they have market values -- as measured by stock price times shares outstanding -- of roughly $ 100 million to $ 500 million . 
Japanese researchers have bred dozens of strains of Fujis to hone its color , taste and shelf life . 
Ordinarily , a clever opponent would find a way to capitalize on the other side 's misfortunes . 
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed . 
But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 -- are n't reported . 
The CFTC plans to curb dual trading on commodities markets , in which traders buy and sell both for their own account and for clients . 
As word of the crime spree has spread , many agents have started changing their open-door policies . 
State thrift examiner Eugene Stelzer said he found the chief federal examiner Steve Scott to be totally uninterested in one allegedly fraudulent series of transactions . 
The settlement prices of the December , February and April gold contracts were even with Monday 's final prices . 
The result was a more thoughtful , complete and competitive proposal , '' Mr. Anton concludes . 
Junk-fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices . 
As soon as the market trades at the specified price the floor broker will fill it at the best possible price . 
Now , it 's Mr. Icahn 's move . 
Swedish Export Credit Corp. -- # 100 million of 12 % bonds due June 15 , 1994 , priced at 101 5\/8 to yield 12.39 % annually less full fees , via Samuel Montagu & Co . 
She serves high Russian tea , at 5 p.m . 
Ms. Chung 's , however , is said to be the only network news program in history to employ casting directors . 
The year-earlier figure included a one-time gain of $ 59.9 million from the sale of Corning 's stakes in Japanese businesses . 
The Atlanta-based chemical manufacturer said lower prices hurt margins for most products . 
General Dynamics appealed to the high court , backed by numerous business trade groups , arguing that the appeals court definition restricts the defense too severely . 
Also , as former Reagan antitrust chief Charles Rule has noted , this would `` establish the precedent that the government may charge parties for the privilege of being sued regardless of whether the government prevails . '' 
Spokesmen for Wendy 's and McDonald 's criticized Mr. Rohs 's calculations . 
We must not forget , however , that such a humble political experiment could cause a global tidal wave of shocks in real-estate and financial markets . 
But many bankers remain nervous , especially as the start-up of the contract continues to be delayed . 
`` In fact , savings and loans were sellers of high yield holdings throughout the quarter , '' Deltec said . 
Los Angeles will be the site of a new entertainment division for the ad agency . 
The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing Feb. 1 , 1990 , and May 3 , 1990 , respectively . 
( ABC stops short of using an `` applause '' sign and a comic to warm up the audience . 
The reason : Items with narrow appeal can be important in a market as fragmented as today 's . 
Lion Nathan issued a statement saying it is applying to Australia 's National Companies & Securities Commission , the nation 's corporate watchdog agency , for a modification to takeover regulations `` similar to that obtained by '' S.A. Brewing Holdings Ltd . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Marks & Spencer plans to open roughly 18 more U.S. stores in the next five years . 
Some dealers say that Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita 's reassurance that Japanese monetary policy wo n't be changed for the time being has given investors an added excuse to push the yen down even further against the mark . 
Both companies declined to comment on the rumors , but several industry analysts told the Professional Investor Report they believed it was plausible that Pennzoil may be buying Chevron shares as a prelude to pushing for a restructuring of the company . 
`` September was one of the biggest order months in our history , '' says James R. Roberts , vice president , world-wide sales and marketing , for Giddings & Lewis Inc. , Fond du Lac , Wis . 
Some stock pickers already are targeting the OTC market , where , they say , await plenty of small - and medium-sized growth stocks . 
This scenario has been the rough position of the U.S. Senate since 1985 , and it reduces the baseline by $ 106 billion between 1990 and 1994 . 
The FBI initially showed little interest , and he had the impression other federal security agencies were tangled up in legal red tape . 
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high-performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market-research firm InfoCorp . 
Government Contractors 
With the golden share as protection , Jaguar officials have rebuffed Ford 's overtures , and moved instead to forge an alliance with GM . 
He would n't leave until Mr. Cheney promised to do whatever the Pentagon systems analysts told him . 
It suddenly dawns on Mr. Hammack that rebuilding the house in Los Gatos , an affluent community in Santa Clara County , may cost more than Aetna 's policy will pay . 
These gains were partly offset by output of cars and other consumer durables , which eased 3.9 % from June 's high level . 
Although the Bank of England 's tight monetary policy has fueled worries that Britain 's slowing economy is headed for a recession , it is widely believed that Mr. Lawson 's willingness to prop up the pound with interest-rate increases helped stem pound selling in recent weeks . 
Hewlett-Packard said it will sell versions later next year that run on Sun Microsystems Inc. and Digital Equipment Corp. machines . 
`` I think the problems in the junk-bond area are just beginning , and this will be very unsettling for companies that have issued junk bonds . 
According to several people present at the meeting , Mr. Gorbachev also supported the idea of concluding several commercial accords with the U.S. , possibly at his next summit meeting with President Bush . 
ANACOMP INC. , Indianapolis , NYSE , said its Xidex Corp. unit , a Sunnyvale maker of computer disks and microfilm with annual sales of $ 637 million , had only minor damage and is fully operational . 
-- If the stock goes up in price between now and the put 's expiration date , the put will probably expire worthless . 
Although settlement talks had been dropped , attorneys for the two sides apparently began talking again yesterday in an attempt to settle the matter before Thursday , when a judge is expected to rule on Warner 's request for an injunction that would block the two producers from taking over the management of Columbia . 
Of some 160 switches in Pacific Bell 's network , only four went down . 
The venture would be the latest in Coke 's rapid expansion of overseas investment . 
But Gov. Deukmejian and others are reluctant to do anything to harm the state 's chances of sharply raising gasoline taxes on a permanent basis . 
Here , they are searching for a higher price . 
Says Ms. Raines , `` ( The judgment ) confirms our concern that the absence of patent lawyers on the court could prove troublesome . 
While Remic issuance may slow in the coming days because of the shift in the Treasury yield curve , underwriters continued to crank out new real estate mortgage investment conduits structured when the yield curve was more favorable . 
People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that 's ` healthy ' for you -- oats , bran . '' 
Integrated said that it would continue to pursue `` other alternatives '' to sell the five core companies and that a group of senior executives plans to make a proposal to purchase three of the companies -- Integrated Resources Equity Corp. , Resources Trust Co. and Integrated Resources Asset Management Corp . 
`` Magazines can no longer be considered institutions , '' said James Autry , president of Meredith Corp. 's magazine group . 
Or the zero-coupon bonds turn out not to have been discounted deeply enough to pay your kid 's tuition . 
Net income surged 10 % to 7.12 billion yen from 6.47 billion yen . 
For instance , one trader said that prices inevitably will go lower now that they 've fallen below $ 20 a barrel . 
The University of California at San Francisco is also circulating a memo among its scientific faculty that will restrict contact with the world of business . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
The merged firm will carry Norris McLaughlin 's name . 
The court , in a 3-0 ruling , threw out a deadline set by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for settling old contract disputes over gas that the pipeline companies reserved but did n't use . 
Vice President 
Further staff cuts are likely , the spokesman indicated . 
With the pound and the yen lagging behind other major currencies , `` you do n't have a confirmation '' that a sharp dollar downturn is in the works , says Mike Malpede , senior currency analyst at Refco Inc. in Chicago . 
Mr. Broberg , who started with the now-defunct Washington Senators , says that when he left baseball in 1978 , he `` never looked back . '' 
Then they identified snags in the process . '' 
A recent indictment alleges that some floor brokers at the two largest Chicago commodity exchanges used market orders to fill customers ' orders at unfavorable prices by arranging trades with fellow brokers . 
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
Mr. Ayers is editor and publisher of the Anniston , Ala. , Star . 
One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker , which seats just one person in front and could hold a small child and bag of groceries in the rear . 
`` One lady from New York said she 's not going home until the { World Series } is over . '' 
General Universal Stores , another top-tier stock hit recently by concerns over retail demand in the face of high interest rates , gained 20 to # 10.44 . 
Week by week on `` Mancuso FBI '' ( NBC , Fridays , 10 p.m . ET ) , he pokes around the crime styles of the rich , famous and powerful of the Washington scene -- a loose cannon on deck at the FBI . 
The joint venture is being undone , with McCall 's magazine being sold last summer to the New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group for about $ 80 million , and Time Warner agreeing to sell back its 50 % interest in Working Woman and Working Mother to Mr. Lang . 
In the chemicals segment , pretax profit rose 7 % to $ 69.2 million from $ 64.9 million . 
IBM , which made the announcement at the dedication of a research center here , said it invited many other companies to participate as well , including some from Europe . 
But while the merits of diversification shine through when times are tough , there 's also a price to pay : A diversified portfolio always underperforms an undiversified portfolio during those times when the investment in the undiversified portfolio is truly hot . 
Source : Morgan Stanley Capital Intl . 
The last of the measurements reported was in 1985 , but recent conversations with Mr. Scotto indicated that he knew of no recent changes in the trend . 
Forest-products issues showing strength included Champion International , which went up 1 3\/8 to 31 7\/8 ; Weyerhaeuser , up 3\/4 to 27 1\/4 ; Louisiana-Pacific , up 1 1\/8 to 40 3\/8 , and Boise Cascade , up 5\/8 to 42 . 
The year-earlier period included $ 40.1 million , or 41 cents a share , from discontinued operations . 
`` Things are a little less overpriced '' after Friday 's jolt in the market . 
Computer Sciences would n't disclose the proposed purchase price for Cleveland Consulting , which counsels companies on logistics and supply . 
Priam Corp. lost 5\/32 to 3\/32 after filing for protection from its creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code . 
The pilots might end up teaming up with their longtime adversaries , the machinists union , in a recapitalization . 
The Association of California Insurance Companies estimated damage to residential property could total $ 500 million , but only $ 100 million to $ 150 million is insured , it said . 
A large plant in Covington , Ga. , is to come on line next year . 
Scientists Rima Kaddurah-Daouk and Paul Schimmel conducted the initial research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
Instead of Japan 's typical small homes clustered on narrow streets with no sidewalks , the new `` One Hundred Hills '' development will offer 65 houses on half-acre lots . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 155.7 million shares . 
Attacks on inflation come with another strategy of capital of a very traditional sort : an assault on wages . 
For many companies , of course , there is still a slew of nagging problems to grapple with , some of which have the potential to become quite serious . 
United Education & Software posted a $ 250,000 bond against potential losses to the student aid commission and to taxpayers in guaranteeing any more loans for National Technical Schools students prior to the hearing . 
Last week , underwriters were forced to postpone three junk bond deals because of recent weakness in the market . 
With Garpian randomness , a hotel across the street , the Amfac , had been hit harder : A large sheet of its concrete facade and several window balconies were torn away . 
Only time will tell if Mr. Boyd can restore to the Alley the acclaim it received when its founder , Nina Vance , was at the height of her powers . 
Environmental protection program current interest bonds are due 1995-1999 , 2005 and 2009 . 
The workers can be motivated , and the company reach its full potential , only when management embraces the employees ' perspective . 
Net income increased 6.7 % to 12.43 billion yen from 11.66 billion yen . 
-- WSJ Business Bulletin ) 
But when Harley last week publicly questioned the legality of the group 's filing procedures , the Rochester , N.Y. , investor said `` we complied with every law , '' and he denied any wrongdoing . 
Japan , the world 's third-largest liquor market after the U.S. and Britain , helped American companies in April when it lowered its tax on imported spirits and levied a tax on many domestic products . 
But in introductory material for the campaign , the trade group urges members to `` arm '' for a `` revolution '' against big , out-of-state bank-holding companies . 
First Boston is one of the few major Wall Street firms that have n't pulled back from program trading in recent days . 
John Wetherell , a Lloyd 's underwriter , says he and his fellow underwriters underestimated by as much as 50 % the premiums they should have charged for property risks from 1980 to 1985 . 
Brands made by the Kraft General Foods unit of Philip Morris Cos. had about 95 % of the market share . 
Although some of the study 's recommendations resemble those of similar projects , the makeup of the task force was unusually diverse , adding significance to the effort . 
Mr. Volokh was fired from his job , and had to endure hours of organized verbal abuse from his co-workers , accusations of sabotage and counterrevolutionary activities . 
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one-year maturity only . 
Quantum stopped shipping the drugs last month , following a federal investigation regarding information the company supplied to obtain three drug approvals . 
The Castle Harlan group includes Walter Sieckman , former chief operating officer of Sharon , and Wolfgang Jansen , former executive vice president . 
The dealer said the quantity mentioned in the Japanese announcement is so small that it 's meaningless . 
Other nations are n't sure how many weapons they have in their own arsenals . 
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost-busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house . 
Not a peso is offered . 
He and Mr. Roderick were even dining out together . 
People close to the GM-Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors . 
Heller Financial Inc. , an indirect subsidiary of Fuji Bank Ltd. , shelf offering of up to $ 1 billion debt securities and warrants . 
Revenue rose 21 % to 22.61 billion francs from 18.69 billion francs . 
VISUALIZING BLOOD vessels without poking catheters into the body may come out of research at AT&T Bell Laboratories . 
Now that 's name-dropping , if you know what I mean . 
`` We cleared out a lot of rats ' nests , '' says the 60-year-old security veteran . 
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % . 
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers . 
That is , if the company reported results correctly . 
People often cite frugality and distrust of banks to justify cash caches to the IRS . 
In another development yesterday , creditors were told that $ 40 million they had expected to become available for implementing a reorganization may not materialize , according to one source . 
Previously , regulators insisted that franchisers pre-register such changes with the state -- a costly process taking at least six weeks . 
Many of the 31,329 investors who remain are beginning to question one of the exchange 's most basic tenets , the concept of unlimited personal liability . 
One is that there are not enough police to satisfy small businesses . 
Last week , many Jaguar shareholders took their money and ran . 
About 47 % are loyal for one to five of the products . 
About 60 % of them said they would `` ordinarily '' have at least 25 % of their money in stocks . 
With demand growing and workers in short supply , many Japanese manufacturers are spending heavily on automation . 
Lloyd 's claims for the 1988 Piper Alpha oil-rig disaster in the North Sea , for instance , may reach $ 1 billion . 
The December contract reached its life-of-contract low of $ 975 a ton on Oct. 11 ; its lifetime high was $ 1,735 , set in 1988 , and its recent high was $ 1,368 , set in early August . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
Guaranteed by Societe Generale . 
Dan Rather served as emcee . 
In fact , Manufacturers Hanover said in its third-quarter earnings report that fees from syndicating loans to other banks dropped 48 % , to $ 21 million . 
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons . 
Oklahoma official Robert Fulton lost a chance for a senior job in the Department of Health and Human Services after right-to-life activists opposed him . 
Service appeared to be down throughout the financial district in downtown San Francisco , while just parts of Oakland and San Jose were knocked out . 
Shareholders of Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm G.m.b . H. postponed their formal endorsement of a merger with Daimler-Benz AG until another meeting on Nov. 17 . 
In reaffirming the current monetary policy of using high interest rates to fight inflation and shore up the pound , Mr. Lawson dismissed other approaches to managing the economy . 
The products range from computer-edited , personal newsletters to systems that sit inside a personal computer and pick stories on selected topics off news wires . 
Conner is supplying hard-disk drives for the machine , which weighs only six pounds and fits in a briefcase . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
As a result , fourth-quarter profit will come in below 1988 results , although the drop wo n't be as sharp as the 44 % third-quarter decline , he said . 
South Africa negotiated a new debt agreement with its major foreign creditors for about $ 8 billion of its foreign debt outstanding , said Chris Stals , governor of the Reserve Bank and the country 's chief debt negotiator . 
Brawls between union factions still erupt at Pemex installations . 
Silver Spring , Md . 
It 's not so much the idea of acquisitions that has agitated the cosmetics industry as the companies doing the acquiring : P&G and Unilever bring with them great experience with mundane products like soap and toilet paper , sparking disdain in the glitzy cosmetics trade ; but they also bring mammoth marketing clout , sparking fear . 
To watch your child die is an inhuman experience . '' 
The White House announced that Mr. Agnos , along with the mayors of Oakland and Alameda , are to accompany President Bush on a tour of the earthquake area today . 
The company expects the chips eventually to be used in devices that mimic a whole range of computer memory equipment , including floppy-disk and hard-disk drives . 
As Mr. Vinson explains it , `` We do n't control the facts . 
Corporate managers who want to start their own business are the highest failure risks . 
Still , congressional aides say penalty reform is a strong candidate for enactment , even if not this time around , although some provisions may be modified . 
All four demonstrators were arrested . 
David Hubel , a Nobel laureate at Harvard , has taken the lead in defending research with animals , as has Dr. Michael DeBakey . 
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans . 
The former executives were indicted last October on charges of fraud , theft and conspiracy related to efforts by the company to win $ 400 million in Postal Service contracts . 
At the moment , Nomura is the only Japanese institution authorized to act as a primary seller of Fannie Mae instruments . 
Not only are there camera operators on all sides , but the proceedings are shown on monitors throughout the theater . 
`` The pro-choice movement has shown -- finally -- that it can mobilize , '' says Glen Halva-Neubauer , a Furman University political scientist who specializes in how state legislators handle the abortion question . 
Most oil companies are still reluctant to add to the office and professional staffs they slashed so deeply . 
The authors , from Boston 's Beth Israel Hospital , say that 84 % of the 50 births they followed occurred after only two in vitro cycles . 
TRW Inc. reported a 12 % decline in third-quarter net income , but the company said that excluding unusual gains in both quarters , operating profit rose 16 % . 
FEAR OF AIDS hinders hiring at few hospitals . 
The red granite mausoleum draws thousands of visitors daily . 
The increased dividend will be paid Dec. 14 to holders of record Nov. 15 . 
The controls on cooperatives appeared relatively liberal when first introduced . 
Overall , Salomon reported program trading volume of 75.2 million shares . 
The Manhattan U.S. attorney 's office stressed criminal cases from 1980 to 1987 , averaging 43 for every 100,000 adults . 
But `` they were n't on my list of companies who were critical to be a part of it . '' 
That rate would gradually decline to as little as 29 % for corporate assets held for 15 years . 
Last Tuesday , Kemper Corp. 's Kemper Financial Services Inc. unit said it would no longer trade with firms committed to stock-index arbitrage , including the three that later suspended stock-index arbitrage trading on Friday . 
Mellon Bank Corp. said directors authorized the buy-back of as many as 250,000 common shares . 
`` I think the market could pop up to the $ 1.22 to $ 1.25 level without too much difficulty , '' he said . 
Mr. Utsumi also said some Japanese banks were willing to participate in the UAL financing up to the very end , which would suggest at the very least that they were n't under orders to back out . 
The nation 's No. 2 aluminum company said earnings were hurt by lower prices for certain fabricated aluminum products , which typically follow price fluctuations of primary ingots . 
The office will provide `` one-stop shopping '' for Japanese financial institutions and other clients seeking advice on access to the world capital markets , according to A. Bruce Schimberg , Sidley 's senior banking specialist , who will move to Tokyo from Chicago to open the office next year . 
For the nine months , Eastern had net income of $ 41.8 million , or $ 1.80 a share , up 23 % from $ 33.9 million or $ 1.46 a share a year ago . 
More dual-career couples also are getting help , with men increasingly bringing their working wives for joint counseling . 
Sales rose 8.2 % to $ 848.7 million from $ 784.5 million . 
Most of the country 's 20,000 judges and judicial employees joined the work stoppage . 
Which types of stocks are most likely to qualify ? 
What managers really fear is that the pro-union movement could spread beyond the pilots . 
Brokerage houses jumped in , touting `` post-quake demand '' stocks , and Kidder , Peabody & Co. set up a toll-free hot line for San Franciscans who might need emergency investment advice and help in transferring funds . 
The pilots ' contract with Eastern calls for a mutually acceptable private arbitrator to resolve such grievances . 
Because of Leche Fresca 's success , he says , the joint venture is developing other dairy products tailored to Hispanic tastes . 
These bacterial `` cousins '' ordinarily do n't make the toxin . 
Recruiter Donald Clark does note an increase in searches for minority candidates . 
Michael R. Weisberg , partner in charge of research at Robertson Stephens & Co. in San Francisco , said some investors have already made the switch . 
The biggest flurry of investor activity came early in the day . 
New experiments at some of the big national laboratories are still unable to find hints of nuclear fusion reactions , leaving only the finding of tritium in a Texas experiment to support University of Utah chemists ' claim of achieving hydrogen fusion at room temperatures . 
The class-action suit highlights shortcomings of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Liability Fund , which gets its money from oil companies using the pipeline and compensates those harmed by oil spills . 
New York City bonds have been beaten down for three straight weeks . 
In announcing the meeting yesterday , Mr. Bush told reporters at the White House that neither he nor Mr. Gorbachev expects any `` substantial decisions or agreements . '' 
Cathay is working to promote Hong Kong as a destination worth visiting on its own merits , rather than just a stopover . 
The vehemence of the emotions aroused by the case testifies to its symbolic importance in the war that Thurber accepted as an eternal part of the human condition . 
The court left open whether FERC could reimpose a new deadline later . 
Mr. Brown , meanwhile , believes `` only one tax will be feasible , and it will be a one-penny sales tax increase , '' said Chuck Dalldorf , an aide . 
Mr. Dorfman covers investing issues from The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
We know firsthand the discrimination addressed by the act : to be told there 's no place for your child in school ; to spend lonely hours at home because there is no transportation for someone in a wheelchair ; to be denied employment because you are disabled . 
The damage is already done . 
Mr. Cathcart , who will return to the Quaker Oats Co. board of directors , in addition to his personal ventures , is credited with bringing some basic budgeting and planning discipline to traditionally free-wheeling Kidder . 
The family was in Allied countries during both World War I and the long period of economic strife of the 1920s . 
According to Mr. Rohs , inflation-adjusted , same-store sales at company-owned Wendy 's units in the U.S. have trailed year-earlier levels throughout 1989 , except for August . 
Seven games ( and , after a loss to the Kansas City Chiefs yesterday , seven losses ) into the season , the `` new '' Cowboys are n't doing any better than the old . 
So instead of building more efficient modern plants , utilities stick scrubbers on the old plants . 
The agency , which is funded through insurance premiums from employers , insures pension benefits for some 30 million private-sector workers who take part in single-employer pension plans . 
Mr. Chips was a nice fellow , and maybe some day he 'll return . 
`` We found the market not developing as we thought it would , '' a GE spokesman says . 
Advancing and declining issues finished about even . 
In the suit , the department seeks to recover $ 7.7 million in costs incurred when the government terminated its contract with Meredith Relocation and sought other contracts to replace it . 
`` We have a good strong backlog for the fourth quarter even without '' the systems that were announced yesterday . 
Mr. Teagan points out as well that if the equipment designed to get along without CFCs is less efficient than current devices , energy consumption will rise and that will worsen the greenhouse effect . 
First , the price of natural gas will have to almost double . 
Adds Stacy Kotman , an economist at Georgia State University , `` There 's nothing positive about an earthquake , but it will probably generate more construction activity . '' 
The Dinkins campaign paid Mr. Carson close to $ 10,000 to get out the vote on primary-election day . 
Criminal convictions under the federal Superfund law are rare , and the decision is the first jury verdict in such a case . 
But Mr. Roman flatly denied the speculation , saying Mr. Sorrell had tried several times to persuade him to stay , offering various incentives and in one instance sending a note with a case of wine ( The wine , naturally , was Seagram 's brand , an Ogilvy client ) . 
The board had also been expected to approve a SKr1.5 billion international offering of new Trelleborg shares . 
At Avery Fisher Hall here , Mr. McDuffie was heard recently with Mr. Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia in more conventional fare -- Bruch 's overwrought `` Violin Concerto in G Minor . '' 
`` Everyone is waiting for GNP , '' says Walter Simon , an assistant treasurer with Bank Julius Baer & Co . 
Scientists need to understand that while they tend to believe their work is primarly about establishing new knowledge or doing good , today it is also about power . 
He said that Oliver North of Iran-Contra notoriety thought he had erased his computer but that the information was later retrieved for congressional committees to read . 
`` The 60-vote requirement will be there and they do n't have the 60 votes , '' Sen. Mitchell said . 
John Kriz , a Moody 's vice president , said Boston Safe Deposit 's performance has been hurt this year by a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities . 
But what do we mean , specifically , by `` creativity '' ? 
The devices might someday serve as temporary pacemakers or restarters for stopped hearts , says Dr. Tacker , whose prototype was dubbed the `` Tacker whacker . '' 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , AEP shares closed at $ 21.25 , down 50 cents . 
William Craig , an independent record promoter , pleaded guilty to payola and criminal tax charges , according to a statement issued by Gary Feess , the U.S. attorney here . 
These critics are backed by several academic studies showing that the adoption of poison pills reduces shareholder values not merely in the short run , but also over longer periods . 
Shares of Lone Star Industries Inc. , a cement maker , rose sharply in anticipation of stepped-up demand . 
But the continuing pressures for free-market economics suggest the conference 's vision was not all fantasy . 
Mr. Ridley hinted at this motive in answering questions from members of Parliament after his announcement . 
They also want U.S. trade policy to reflect the Pentagon and Commerce department 's concern over their future . 
In an interview , Pemberton Hutchinson , president and chief executive , cited several reasons for the improvement : higher employee productivity and `` good natural conditions '' in the mines , as well as lower costs for materials , administrative overhead and debt interest . 
Unocal said the venture would enable it to recover more of its refining and marketing investment and prepare for expected growth in exploration , production , chemicals and other areas . 
They serve the industries and the special-interest groups . 
Its Richter Scale measurement was reported as 6.5 , then 6.9 , then 7.0 . 
The courthouse , to be built in Monterey Park , is expected to open in the spring of 1992 . 
During the almost seven-year-old economic expansion , inflation-adjusted gross national product , disposable personal income and personal consumption expenditures have risen 30 % , but inflation-adjusted consumer installment credit has surged 66 % . 
The $ 58.9 million of 7 % certificates due 2016 carry the issue 's high yield , priced at 97 3\/4 to yield 7.19 % . 
In the belief that development of advanced military technology will remain a top Defense Department priority , ERC last year acquired W.J. Schafer Associates , a technical and scientific analysis company with contracts under the Strategic Defense Initiative . 
There is much speculation among attorneys not involved that the strategy of GAF 's attorney , Arthur Liman , and Mr. Sherwin 's counsel , Stephen Kaufman , will include testimony by Mr. Sherwin or Mr. Heyman . 
Disappointing earnings news from some technology companies unnerved investors in the over-the-counter market , who sold shares of Apple Computer , Intel and many other computer-related concerns . 
RADIO : 
Their idea is to create a city , first , and then an entire nation -- without blacks . 
Increasing labor costs , Mr. Tyszkiewicz argued , would only put the countries at a further disadvantage in competing in the barrier-free EC market planned for after 1992 . 
In a speech to the Mortgage Bankers Association , Mr. Kemp broke the administration 's public silence on the Fed and complained that `` interest rates are too high . '' 
When Isabella ( Ellen Lauren ) confronts her brother Claudio ( Matt Loney ) in his cell , explaining the price she has been asked to secure his freedom ; when Isabella and the disguised Duke ( Philip Kerr ) conspire to trick Angelo ; and when Mariana ( Annalee Jefferies ) , a woman wronged by Angelo , confronts him with his past misdeeds , the performers bring the dramatic high points to life with intense energy and intelligence . 
Both moves are effective today . 
Whether Polly Peck 's acquisition makes sense remains to be seen , but at the news conference , Mr. Nadir brimmed with self-confidence that he can turn Sansui around . 
Repeal is considered likely now , but the Treasury Department bill has been used as a vehicle to raise the profile of the issue and block any action in the interim . 
A quadrennial commission appointed by Health and Human Services Secretary Louis Sullivan is taking a broad look at the economics of Medicare for the elderly , Medicaid for the poor and the health system in general . 
They are not interchangeable , since they are motivated to act based on their own circumstances . 
Mercedes-Benz , which had said it did n't owe taxes to Massachusetts partly because it sells its cars at a dock in Baltimore and not in Massachusetts , did n't explain its change of heart . 
I 'm not certain . 
Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 
I suggest that The Wall Street Journal ( as well as other U.S. news publications of like mind ) should put its money where its mouth is : Lend computer equipment to replace that damaged at El Espectador , buy ad space , publish stories under the bylines of El Espectador journalists . 
The 30 industrials led the market higher from the opening bell as foreign buyers stepped in . 
Alusuisse , of New York , declined to say how much it expects to get for the unit ; the company has hired First Boston Corp. to help identify bidders . 
The Fed did , in fact , execute $ 1.5 billion of liquidity-enhancing customer repurchase agreements , the third set of repurchase orders in three days . 
In addition , under the highway-relief program , the federal government provides 100 % of emergency highway aid for only the first 90 days of a repair effort . 
However , as is common with sweeping legislation , the proposal contains many provisions that could destroy important parts of the system it sets out to preserve . 
The market for export financing was liberalized in the mid-1980s , however , forcing the bank to face competition . 
The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit-taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29 . 
CMS Energy Corp. said it would begin paying a 10-cent-a-share quarterly dividend , the company 's first since 1984 . 
Gerald F. Seib contributed to this article . 
Broad Inc. said it doubled its regular quarterly dividend to five cents a share from 2.5 cents on common , and to 4.5 cents a share 2.25 cents on Class B stock , payable Nov. 10 to holders of record Nov. 6 . 
Louis Gerstner Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of New York-based RJR , called the sale a `` significant step '' in the company 's divestiture program , as well as a `` a strategic divestiture . '' 
That purchase represented an attempt by Whitbread , a venerable British brewer , to become a major player in the global liquor business . 
ENERGY : 
At the very least , Mr. Jones , who cultivates the society circuit as eagerly as his bench , can take comfort in one fact : These days , he is n't alone . 
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House . 
And the in-and-outer might miss the sudden spurts that account for much of the stock market 's gains over time . 
The legislation also requires broad new disclosures of the race , sex and income level of borrowers , but that information wo n't be gathered in new studies for several months at least . 
While the industrial average rallied on Monday following last Friday 's collapse , the OTC market , which did n't suffer too badly during the correction , tumbled . 
Visitors , whisked from the Strip on a moving walkway , will glide over a habitat for rare white tigers , which will star in performances by the famed illusionist team of Siegfried & Roy . 
As it turns out , the board has a lot of important members , including Winton Blount ( former postmaster general of the U.S. ) , Mrs. Henry Gaisman ( widow of the inventor of auto-strop razor ) and Vincent Murphy ( an investment banker at Merrill Lynch & Co . ) 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Pegasus closed at $ 10.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
But the surprisingly durable seven-year economic expansion has made mincemeat of more than one forecast . 
The fast-food business is `` intensely competitive , '' notes Wertheim Schroder analyst John Rohs . 
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % . 
However , skeptics caution that this kind of cross-pollination between brokers and investment bankers looks great on paper , but does n't always happen . 
The uncertainty was multiplied by the persistent strength of the dollar , traders said , and by the U.S. trade deficit , which widened by 31 % in August from the previous month . 
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods . 
Traders said program activity was n't in evidence through most of the session , however , and Big Board volume dropped to 155,650,000 shares from about 238 million Tuesday as concerns about the potential for additional sharp swings in the market kept other trading in check . 
Stone Container Chairman Roger Stone said that , unlike for some other paper products , demand for Stone 's principal commodity , unbleached containerboard , remains strong . 
A seat on the Chicago Board of Trade was sold for $ 390,000 , unchanged from the previous sale Oct. 13 . 
`` It 's hard to deal with clients this way in a service business , '' says Ralph `` Bud '' Conner , owner of the agency , which was robbed of 180 blank tickets and $ 850 last month . 
Nor do we see any reason to believe that a metropolitan Washington that has gotten fat and rich and lazy in the shadow of the federal colossus will change much on its own initiative . 
Lawsuits over the harm caused by DES have flooded federal and state courts in the past decade . 
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved . 
But a partial recovery in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which had been down more than 60 points in midmorning , dashed those expectations . 
The key word in that paragraph , though , is `` may . '' 
The 6 3\/4 % notes yield 6.25 % . 
Storage , which includes computer controllers and 3.5-inch disk drives , represents nearly two-thirds of the company 's business . 
LIN 's suitor , McCaw Cellular Communications , dropped 1 to 40 on almost 350,000 shares . 
Punching away , we raised what I still think were all the right issues and landed more than one hard blow , but at the end of the affair , there was just the tiniest nagging worry that we had been aiming at the wrong target . 
But he flies for Federal Express Corp. , perhaps the closest thing in corporate America to the Green Berets . 
Central Maine said it is evaluating `` many energy options '' to make up for the lost future power , including new energy generation and management proposals from New England , and possibly new Canadian purchases . 
Atlantic Richfield 
Franco Reviglio , ENI chairman , looks for sweeping structural change in the oil industry -- he calls it a `` revolution '' requiring huge investments -- as a result of environmental issues . 
It was n't clear how the ownership would stack up under the new plan , but employees would keep more than 50 % . 
In joining MIPS , Control Data follows several competitors in embracing RISC as a new design approach . 
He was back in jail over the summer on shoplifting charges . 
Mr. Melloan quotes Peter Teagan and invokes the name of Arthur D. Little Inc. to support his statement . 
The ad campaigns usually follow one of three tracks -- stressing the company 's ` Texasness , ' pointing out the competition 's lack thereof , or trying to be more Texan than Texans . 
Dentsu 's billings last year were larger than those of Young & Rubicam , the world 's second-largest ad agency , according to a survey by the publication Advertising Age . 
`` We feel we have the money necessary to handle the immediate , short-term requirements , '' Mr. Fitzwater said . 
In an interview in the navy 's official weekly magazine Cols Bleus , the navy 's second-in-command , Adm. Yves Goupil , said the navy still intends to buy 86 Rafales as scheduled in the late 1990s and early 21st century . 
Data Resources ' Mr. Wyss added that he will be keeping a closer eye than ususal on October chain-store sales . 
`` I have no reason to think things will get worse , but this market has a knack for surprising us . 
Company lawyers recently sent letters to growers saying that Michael `` would take very seriously any effort ... to divert its contracted-for potatoes to other outlets . '' 
At the end of the month , the agency again will offer the bank . 
What accounts for the results of recent decades ? 
Treasury Securities 
Los Angeles police say the thieves seem to be part of a crime network that knows how to convert blank tickets into real ones . 
Eric C. Meltzer 
The Office of Management and Budget has begun looking into legislation to provide more funds for earthquake repairs . 
Not one thing in the house is where it is supposed to be , but the structure is fine . 
SHEDDING GLITTER : 
And some analysts questioned whether Mr. Phillips would have the skills Ogilvy needs to turn the agency around . 
Philip Morris , the most active Big Board issue for the second consecutive session , was unchanged at 43 1\/4 on 3.9 million shares . 
All this illustrates that Japanese ministries still have a `` provider '' mentality ; they do not serve the people , and particularly not consumers . 
Mr. Edelson could n't be reached for comment . 
So the men who ran the grain pits listened when Joseph Sullivan , a 35-year-old former Wall Street Journal newsman , offered them the idea of all-options trading . 
At Continental he cut money-losing operations , which helped produce a modest profit in this year 's second quarter . 
The passenger railroad said it terminated some runs in Sacramento , relying on buses to ferry passengers to the Bay area . 
Last week , ABC unseated General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co. unit as the No. 1 network , as rated by A.C. Nielsen Co . 
The new institution is also called Century Bank , and the failed bank 's five offices will reopen today . 
Ad Notes ... . 
A National Guard job assumed by Capt. Noriega in 1964 -- as chief of the transit police in David City , capital of the Chiriqui Province -- was tailor-made for an aspiring super-spy . 
Sony added that a hearing has been set for Thursday in the Delaware Chancery Court in one of the suits . 
Unlike most loans to China , there was no Chinese guarantor . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Above all , though , proponents say neither the Contra nor the SDI cause can be pushed much further without more presidential support . 
`` We 've known for years and years we 've got lots of old { pre-1950s } unreinforced brick and masonry buildings . '' 
Every issue is multisided . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
ORACLE SYSTEMS CORP. , Belmont , provider of computer programming and software services , annual sales $ 584 million , four of 12 offices and buildings in the Belmont and San Mateo areas were closed , 95 % of computer and telephone systems are operating , expects to be back to full operation by the end of the week . 
In the year ended Jan. 31 , Pace rang up profit of $ 9.4 million , or 72 cents a share , after a tax-loss carry-forward , on sales of $ 1.3 billion , and analysts expect its results to continue to improve . 
`` Basically , we had a severe earthquake of significant duration and it was just something the structure could n't withstand . '' 
Howell , a Port Washington , N.Y. , construction concern , was established in 1891 . 
Tandy had 86.3 million shares outstanding at Sept. 30 , down from 90 million a year earlier . 
The dollar is still highly volatile . 
Until that happens , glasnost can not begin to deserve the kind of credibility Mr. Shevardnadze was bidding for with his confessions on Monday . 
Eastman Kodak Co. , seeking to position itself in the potentially huge high-definition television market , unveiled a converter that can transform conventional motion-picture film into high-definition video . 
Credit Suisse Finance Gibraltar Ltd . ( Swiss parent ) -- 100 billion lire of 12 5\/8 % bonds due June 30 , 1993 , priced at 101.45 to yield 12.75 % less full fees , via Banca Nazionale del Lavaro . 
The Palestinians are talking elections . 
Salomon said net income soared to $ 177 million , or $ 1.28 a share , from $ 65 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
And a Fannie Mae seminar this week promises to draw hundreds of prospective investors , who can be expected to channel tens of billions of dollars into the market in the next few years . 
Only recently has it been attractively redesigned and its editorial product improved . 
Sebastian Guzman Cabrera took over the oil workers union , Mexico 's most powerful labor organization , only last January . 
Its survey of 96 firms , each with 100 to 1,000 lawyers , shows that managing partners earned an average of $ 395,974 in compensation and cash benefits in the firms ' 1988 fiscal years . 
`` Soon it 'll be so crowded , '' a narrator complains , `` that people will start eating each other . '' 
In when-issued trading , the two-year Treasurys had a yield of about 7.88 % . 
Even in Russia we managed to give parties . 
He added : `` Inflation is lower than I think people expected it to be , and I think that 's good news . '' 
These benefits seem secure despite China 's current economic and political troubles . 
`` We 've been opposed to '' index arbitrage `` for a long time , '' said Stephen B. Timbers , chief investment officer at Kemper , which manages $ 56 billion , including $ 8 billion of stocks . 
His comments were interpreted as a sign that higher interest rates are possible . 
Then , to make these gardenettes quite literally rooms , Ms. Bartlett had thrown up windowless walls ( brick , lattice , hedge ) eight to 10 feet tall , casting her interiors into day-long Stygian shade . 
Varity Corp. led the Big Board list of largest short volumes with 12,822,563 shares . 
This is the Mirage , a $ 630 million island-fantasy hotel-casino now being completed for opening in November by Golden Nugget Inc . 
Within the same nine months , News Corp. closed down In Fashion , a once-promising young woman 's fashion magazine , Drake Publications Inc. has folded the long-troubled Venture magazine , and Lang Communications has announced Ms. magazine , after 17 years , will no longer carry advertising as of January . 
The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal , but said MCA and the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million and then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer . 
Construction of the 34-floor building will begin next May and should be completed in April 1992 . 
`` I think inflation is going to pick up through the fall , '' said Joel Popkin , a specialist on inflation who runs an economic consulting firm here . 
Consider , for instance , that even yesterday 's widely publicized sequester is likely to be traduced if business as usual is allowed to prevail . 
In making cases , the authorities frequently zero in on alleged misrepresentations made by the charities ' fund raisers . 
Mr. Whitford drew on voluminous news media coverage of the SMU scandal , and on a university internal investigation . 
The central bank also unexpectedly raised the base rate by half a percentage point to 3.75 % Oct. 11 as part of an inflation-fighting move that indirectly increases interest rates charged on new home construction loans . 
Calgene Inc. and Gustafson Inc. said they plan a joint project to develop biological products to control such plant diseases as aflatoxin , a potent cancer-causing agent . 
The move also helps the Rochester , N.Y. , photographic giant ensure that its motion-picture film business -- for which it holds a virtual monopoly , supplying every Hollywood movie company -- is n't made obsolete by the upstart HDTV business . 
The Agriculture Department also said that the number of fattened cattle slaughtered in the quarter dropped by 5 % from the 1988 quarter , which was in line with projections by analysts . 
NBC 's re-creations are produced by Cosgrove-Meurer Productions , which also makes the successful prime-time NBC Entertainment series `` Unsolved Mysteries . '' 
GP Express , an independent airline serving much of Nebraska , estimates that nearly 40 % of its revenues come from the subsidies that , in some cases , exceed the cost of a ticket . 
Of course , there were sell programs in past years , too , but they seem to hurt market makers more painfully these days . 
IMA Holdings Corp. completed its $ 3 billion acquisition of American Medical International Inc. , purchasing 63 million shares , or 86 % , of the Los Angeles-based health-care services concern for $ 26.50 a share . 
The wholesaler of cash and carry merchandise reported fiscal fourthquarter earnings that were better than analysts had expected . 
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk-bond market in disarray , Georgia-Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy-out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing . 
The company attributed much of the growth in earnings to increased demand for its systems productivity software . 
`` One is the panic , the earthquake in San Francisco , which is positive . '' 
He notes that , as a lawmaker from the San Francisco area , he fights each year to preserve federal funds for the Bay Area Rapid Transit system . 
The Ministry of Construction spreads concrete throughout the country and boasts in international conferences that Japan 's paved roadway per capita is the longest in the world , but they seldom think of the poor commuters who spend so much time sitting in traffic . 
But traders who watch the stocks warned the rise may be yet another `` one-day phenomenon . '' 
Wells Rich 's New Partner 
When Christie 's officials asked why the firm was n't picked to sell the Dorrance collection , representatives of the Dorrance family `` told us it was a question of financial considerations , '' said Michael Findlay , Christie 's head of impressionist and modern paintings . 
The House version would raise slightly more . 
GE 's filing contends that the billing practices at the heart of the current controversy involved technical disputes rather than criminal activity . 
Notice 89-107 offers added relief for hurricane-hit concerns that must file pension and benefit-plan returns . 
When Congress finally passed the Metric Conversion Act in 1975 , industry was far ahead . 
`` I wish they were around 24 hours a day . '' 
Mr. Joseph conceded the junk market was in disarray , according to people familiar with the discussion . 
Corporate Issues 
Long-term CDs declined just a fraction . 
Indeed , Mr. Krenz said on East German television last night that there will be no sharing of power with pro-democracy groups . 
The appeals court upheld a district judge 's ruling that the insurer had to defend the company in such proceedings . 
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said a computer virus has infected one of its networks and is spreading anti-nuclear messages related to its Galileo space probe , which is to be launched today . 
Many Indians fear a repeat of that experience . 
`` To me it says that despite all the views that we spend too much of our wealth on paper assets , we have ways of holding wealth similar to 100 years ago . '' 
United Technologies Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 500 million unsubordinated non-convertible unsecured debt securities . 
In addition to abetting in the alleged criminal breach of trust , Kwek Hong Png was also charged with dishonestly receiving S$ 500,000 that had been stolen . 
Sotheby 's vice president Diana Levitt says the auction house has been `` assisting '' Mr. Paul in selling the paintings . 
The company also cited some success in damping cost increases and said it wants to return to profitability in 1990 . 
It gave the Japanese people a value system , based on the rationalization that given the country 's lack of natural resources , they must work hard to create value through exports and buy food with the surplus . 
That 's about all it costs to appease Adm. Erich Raeder 's ghost . 
The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 and less slipped to 7.96 % from 8.00 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here . 
Each had claimed Allianz , Europe 's largest insurance company , as a tacit ally . 
`` Five years ago , magazine publishers would simply bid on an advertiser 's big ad schedule for their magazine , '' said Mr. Murphy . 
In the process , Litigation Sciences is quietly but inexorably reshaping the world of law . 
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat . 
Atlantis lifted Galileo from the launch pad at 12:54 p.m. EDT and released the craft from its cargo bay about six hours later . 
The No. 2 auto maker blamed incentive costs and reduced production -- both the result of a substantially weaker U.S. market -- for a 44 % drop in net to $ 477.1 million , or $ 1.03 a share , on revenue of $ 20.24 billion . 
However , Harry Millis , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland , said Goodyear 's results `` fell at the bottom '' of his range of estimates . 
Foreclosures and other signs of financial distress , most often associated with the real estate market in the Southwest , are surfacing in the suburban office market of the once thriving Northeast . 
Among other things , the restructured facilities will substantially reduce the group 's required amortization of the term loan portion of the credit facilities through September 1992 , MLX said . 
In the nine months , net income fell 79 % to $ 31.1 million , or 33 cents a share , from $ 149.3 million , or $ 1.82 a share , a year earlier . 
She has lots of opinions . 
The firm 's brokerage force has been trimmed and its mergers-and-acquisitions staff increased to a record 55 people . 
ORGANIZED CRIME Strike Forces likely to be abolished next month . 
Many economists have started predicting a mild recession next year . 
The U.S. economy grew at a moderate 2.5 % annual rate in the third quarter , the same pace as the second quarter , despite the worst trade performance in six years , the Commerce Department reported . 
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic . 
They stopped short of resuming diplomatic ties , severed in 1979 . 
` Frequent Drinker ' Offer Stirs Up Spirited Debate 
The market quickly discounted the weekly inventory report showing a 6.3 million barrel decrease in U.S. crude oil stocks as the legacy of Hurricane Jerry . 
Nine-month per-share figures for 1989 reflect $ 12.9 million in preferred dividends that had no counterpart in the year-earlier quarter . 
3 ) Republican congressional representatives , because of their belief in a minimalist state , are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than are Democratic members of Congress . 
Her story is becoming part of local folklore . 
Courtaulds ' restructuring is among the largest thus far in Britain , though it is dwarfed by B.A.T Industries PLC 's plans to spin off roughly # 4 billion in assets to help fend off a takeover bid from Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith . 
Mr. Perlman , who is also acting chief financial officer and the odds-on favorite to become the next chief executive , said the company is achieving `` modest positive cash flow from operations , and we expect that to continue into 1990 . '' 
According to Salomon Brothers ' `` stub '' stock index of 20 companies whose debt is giant compared with shareholder equity , investors are already beginning to retreat from shares of debt-laden companies . 
It 's time business leaders and the general public learn that mankind does not rule over this natural environment but is rather the integral , symbiotic player within nature 's workings . 
We are constantly faced with deciding which partnerships { with magazines } we can keep . '' 
Shippers surveyed recently by Ohio State University said they expect their freight-transport , storage and distribution costs to rise about 4 % this year . 
Southam Inc. said its unprofitable weekly newspaper , The Financial Times of Canada , is up for sale . 
Nearly half the owners of the 28 National Football League teams are losing money , the result of flat attendance , aging stadiums and -- more than anything -- skyrocketing salaries for star players like Mr. Aikman . 
The Fed 's case for its own independence would be a little stronger if it were more solicitous of the independence of the rest of the government . ) 
Year-earlier results included an extraordinary gain of $ 1.6 million from a buy-back of convertible subordinated debentures . 
Management and unions representing 2,400 employees at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star reached a tentative contract agreement Friday , averting a strike by most employees of Canada 's largest daily newspaper . 
Texaco has also been attempting to sell oil properties . 
In response , Treasury prices soared 1 1\/8 points , or about $ 11.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Not only does your product have to be excellent , but you also have to be able to collect . '' 
A small but growing number of companies are also trying to instill more fervent brand loyalty through such personalized direct-marketing ploys as catalogs , magazines and membership clubs for brand users . 
The Japanese also are accused of keeping their cards too close to their vests . 
First Tennessee , assisted by IBM , said it will attempt to place the employees within the company , IBM or other companies in Memphis . 
The benchmark 30-year bond was nearly 1\/4 point higher , or up about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
House and Senate appropriators sought to establish a Nov. 30 deadline after which their bill would become the last word on how funds are distributed . 
The stock closed down $ 8.375 , at $ 170 , after plunging $ 33 , to $ 145 . 
The finance unit attributed the decline to higher borrowing costs compared with a year earlier . 
Should the rest of the Series be played at all ? 
Seats currently are quoted at $ 361,000 bid , $ 395,000 asked . 
Defenders say futures make markets more efficient and provide ways for investors to reduce risks . 
The Senate rejected a constitutional amendment that President Bush sought to protect the U.S. flag from desecration . 
Better to look in the corners for performances that inspire or amuse . 
A state-of-the-art plant cost $ 40 million in the mid-1970s but costs $ 500 million today because the technology is so complex . 
MiniScribe said it expects to begin full volume production of the drives in the U.S. and Singapore in the first quarter next year . 
ALBERTA ENERGY Co. , Calgary , said it filed a preliminary prospectus for an offering of common shares . 
Mr. Gillett is said to be proud of his operating record ; he has lifted some stations ' ratings and turned around a Detroit station . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters refuse to concede that they may have made a tactical error in accepting the Sony offer before taking it up with Warner . 
What happens to me if Campeau collapses between now and then ? '' 
I believe the risk for each individual stock selected by your pros is very large . 
Bush conceded that the requirement did n't affect a decision to lend only minor support to this month 's failed effort to oust Panama 's Noriega , aides said . 
The market 's Friday-the-13th plunge of 190 points in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , and the Big Board 's understated response to it , galvanized some longstanding dissatisfaction among companies listed on the exchange . 
`` Under Mr. Ngoc , Van Nghe protected the people instead of the government , '' says Nguyen Duy , a poet who is the paper 's bureau chief for southern Vietnam . 
Heidelberg 's first ads for the brand , which Sibra says will compete with imported light beer leader Amstel Light , feature the line `` The best tasting light beer you 've ever seen . 
Prompted by an earlier California earthquake , as well as a fire in a Los Angeles office tower , Great Western Bank in the past year hired three emergency planners and spent $ 75,000 equipping a trailer with communications gear to serve as an emergency headquarters . 
He said investors were picking individual stocks based on specific incentives and the likelihood of a wider price increase over the short term . 
But front month T-bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 . 
The department also said it seeks `` three times the government 's damages , which are presently undetermined , plus penalties . '' 
`` Over the next few years , I would advise caution . '' 
The crowning moment in the career of Joseph F. O'Kicki came as 300 local and state dignitaries packed into his elegant , marble-columned courtroom here last year for his swearing in as President Judge of Cambria County . 
`` Landfill -- loose and unconsolidated earth -- may feel like rock but it behaves like liquid when you shake it , '' said Douglas Segar , professor of geosciences at San Francisco State University in a televised interview . 
It also provides teachers with a superior self-definition as a `` profession , '' since they will have passed courses in educational psychology and educational philosophy . 
On the morning of the long-planned announcement , International Business Machines Corp. is to introduce its own new mainframe . 
There are also other provisions requiring Congressmen to join treaty-negotiating teams and new restrictions on OMB . 
The disagreement centers on testing deadlines and other issues involving a FileNet system installed earlier this year . 
Although bulk-chemical prices have begun falling in the U.S. , they are generally stable in Europe , Mr. Bergsma said . 
High cash positions help buffer a fund when the market falls . 
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while . 
`` We hear it has low priority on the House side , '' says Samuel Starr of Coopers & Lybrand , CPAs . 
The real culprits , they said , are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products . 
Twelve of UAL 's outside directors met at a five-hour meeting yesterday in Chicago to consider an informal proposal from the buy-out group for a revised bid . 
The company suffered a $ 9 million loss in the third quarter , compared with net of $ 2.5 million a year earlier . 
Insurance analysts say the exchange 's downturn in profitability is likely to be aggravated by more than $ 600 million in aviation losses ( including the 1988 Pan Am airline disaster over Lockerbie , Scotland ) and a still-uncalculated chunk of claims from September 's Hurricane Hugo . 
Funds for drilling may inch up more next year if oil prices stay stable . 
Or can we ask you why you changed your forecast just when it 's about to be right ? '' 
`` They check in , but they ca n't check out . '' 
On Monday , U.S. officials received a routine , unclassified message from the military group commander in Panama . 
At Quotron , the company 's National Call-In Center , which swung into action for the first time last month for Hurricane Hugo , assembled a tactical team at 5 a.m. yesterday to begin rerouting lines and restore service to brokers and traders . 
Miller Brewing Co. will introduce its first non-alcoholic beer Jan. 1 . 
In 1983 , Mr. Hastings was found not guilty of accepting a $ 150,000 bribe in a case before him , the central charge on which the Senate convicted him . 
Bell Atlantic posted a strong earnings gain for the third quarter , as did Southern New England Telecommunications . 
French consumer prices rose 0.2 % in September from August , according to provisional estimates by the National Statistics Institute . 
Already this year , it has received orders for four 150-megawatt advanced combustion turbines from Florida Power & Light Co. and for two 300-megawatt plants from Intercontinental Energy Corp. , among others . 
Down the street , a car pulls into the Shell station and is surrounded by black attendants . 
Shareholder equity improved to 4.68 % from 4.23 % in the previous quarter . 
It 's like saying , `` get me in now '' or `` get me out now . '' 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.24 , off 0.25 ; spot index 130.76 , off 0.88 . 
But they do n't careen around in an old Cadillac , wear funny suits or blast away at slimy spirits . 
Earnings included a one-time gain of $ 192 million on a property transaction in Hong Kong . 
Thus far there is no indication that they have been re-supplied with Stingers or other anti-aircraft weapons . 
Gov. Campbell responded , `` They 're mentioning rope when there 's been a hanging in the family . '' 
It 's reassuring , and it usually works . '' 
Computer Sciences will perform data processing work for the Postal Service under the three-year contract , which also includes two additional option years for which compensation has n't yet been fixed . 
Output of business equipment was unchanged in September . 
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short-term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government . 
Each time , the bank 's 90 % shareholder -- Petroliam Nasional Bhd. , or Petronas , the national oil company -- has been called upon to rescue the institution . 
Mitsubishi Estate is one of the dozens of companies in today 's Mitsubishi group . 
If there 's something ' weird and it do n't look good . 
Investors have been speculating for weeks about the market 's ability to place the $ 7 billion to $ 10 billion of new junk bonds scheduled to be sold by year end . 
On days when prices are tumbling , they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . 
Pravda gave no estimate for overall unemployment but said an `` Association of the Unemployed '' has cropped up that says the number of jobless is 23 million Soviets , or 17 % of the work force . 
Everyone falls in love with everyone else . 
One floor trader said that if there were Chinese purchases , they should have had a bigger effect on the market . 
Although the June 4 killings in Beijing have hurt its China flights , Cathay 's other routes have retained high load factors . 
In fact , Fireman 's Fund Corp. , which ended the day off 50 cents to $ 36.50 , said earthquake damage would slightly hurt fourth-quarter profit . 
The young John Gutfreund had been discovered by Billy Salomon of Salomon Bros. when he was still a bearded liberal , and put to work as a trader , and then as a rough-and-tumble syndicator . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 30 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.78 % 13 weeks ; 7.62 % 26 weeks . 
`` The sooner our vans hit the road each morning , the easier it is for us to fulfill that obligation . '' 
A 10 % gain in operating profit in the quarter was offset by a 21 % boost in interest expense , reflecting higher consolidated borrowings and interest rates . 
The Arab League-sponsored pact , drafted during three weeks of talks at the Saudi Arabian resort of Taif , includes Syrian proposals for at least a partial troop pullout from Lebanon , and guarantees an equal number of seats for Moslems and Christians in the Parliament . 
Some pretty seamy stuff built the turn-of-the-century families ' Fifth Avenue and Newport palazzi and endowed their daughters ' weddings to foreign noblemen . 
Worse , it lagged behind competitors in offering now-standard gimmicks , from regional editions to discounts for frequent advertisers . 
No prosecutorial guidelines , observed or unobserved , limit civil RICO cases by plaintiffs for damages . 
Ten days ago he was asked to amplify the reasons behind his anti-abortion stance . 
They need only position themselves near a company 's satellite dish and wait . 
A spinoff series , of course . 
Business , however , continues to be `` robust , '' and the stock market has n't affected the concern 's expansion plans , says Todd Krasnow , a senior executive . 
More than 70,000 people filled a soccer stadium on the outskirts of the black township of Soweto and welcomed freed leaders of the outlawed African National Congress . 
`` If that continues , a significant number of { U.S. . } companies will go over there to raise money . '' 
But it was Frank Lloyd Wright who said , `` Is this not Anti-Christ ? 
But unlike the other new leaders in the East Bloc , Mr. Krenz will face an immediate threat to his nation 's very existence : German reunification . 
Bus production also slipped , by 49 % from a year earlier to 2,936 units . 
Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million ) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux . 
A `` big chunk '' of that additional spending came in the third quarter , he said . 
Unfortunately , the toxin is also poisonous . 
Peter Georgescu , president of Y&R 's ad operations , will assume Mr. Klein 's day-to-day role . 
At June 30 , Webster , which owns First Federal Savings & Loan Association of Waterbury , had assets of $ 699 million . 
The building-materials concern did n't disclose terms of the sale , which will close in the first quarter of next year . 
In Washington , the Senate voted to condemn Ortega 's threat to cancel the truce , and Bush said he would review U.S. policy toward Managua , including the possibility of renewing military aid to the rebels . 
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold . 
The transaction also would combine Fresenius USA and Delmed . 
Walter Connolly , chairman , said in an interview that the company expects to record pretax gains of $ 100 million to $ 125 million from the sale of its leasing operations and of certain financial processing services . 
Theoretically , jurors are supposed to weigh the evidence in a case logically and objectively . 
`` On days that I 'm really busy , '' says Ms. Foster , who works in public relations for the company , `` it seems decadent to take time off for a massage . '' 
Alter some details of this example and it could be taking place today at Federal Express in Memphis , the Defense and Underseas Systems divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis , a General Electric plant in Columbia , Md. , or a number of other companies . 
The third part , consisting of $ 1 billion of noncallable bonds due Oct. 1 , 1994 , was priced as 8 1\/4 % securities at 99.672 to yield 8.33 % . 
`` Every year we 've been waiting for stepped-up expansion from the company . 
U.S. Deputy Trade Representative Jules Katz replied that the proposal was entirely consistent with the April accord . 
The trade group 's compilation of Commerce Department data showed that August imports , the second largest monthly total of the year , were up 5 % from July 's 1,458,000 tons but below last year 's high of 1,979,000 tons in June 1988 . 
`` The fundamentals are pretty strong , '' Mr. Dreman says . 
More important are what LSI calls `` psychological anchors '' -- a few focal points calculated to appeal to the jury on a gut level . 
The combination of solid loan growth with tight expense control gave Wells Fargo a 1.25 % return on average assets for the quarter , about 40 % higher than Security Pacific 's and a profit ratio matched by only two or three other major banks in the U.S. . 
In this case , that 's about $ 250,000 . 
P&G already has shown it can meld some traditional packaged-goods techniques with the image-making of the cosmetics trade in the mass-market end of the business . 
They have even sent helicopters in pursuit of bikers after hikers and equestrians complained they were being driven from trails . 
Switzerland 's wholesale price index increased 0.3 % in September from August , and was up 3.9 % from a year ago , marking the first time this year that the index has fallen below 4 % on a year-to-year basis , the government reported . 
For the nine months , the electronics and defense concern had net of $ 255.8 million , or $ 2.70 a share , down 5.6 % from $ 271 million , or $ 3.01 a share , in the year-ago period . 
Sunday , Nov. 5 , 10:30 a.m.-1:30 p.m. EST , on ABC : New York City Marathon . 
And he nearly always bought and sold for cash . 
It also provides for benefit adjustments , including a partial restoration of vacations and holidays , as well as work-rule changes to increase productivity . 
Santa Fe International Corp. , which is owned by Kuwait ( and is n't related to Santa Fe Southern Pacific 's unit ) , is stepping up development of a well off Texas ' Matagorda Island where it found gas in 1987 . 
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world-wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners . 
PWA , which recently merged Wardair 's operations with those of PWA-owned Canadian Airlines International Ltd. , Canada 's second-biggest airline , said the proposed sale is part of a revised five-year plan aimed at streamlining its fleet and shedding debt . 
-- Freshman football player . 
Accrued interest on the refund was about $ 18 million as of Oct. 25 . 
In a strongly worded response summarizing a filing made in the same court yesterday , GE asserted that `` prosecutors have misstated the testimony of witnesses , distorted documents and ignored important facts . '' 
But while September exports rose to # 8.43 billion , imports shot up to # 10.37 billion . 
If the request is approved by both the House and Senate , Mr. Cheney would need only permission from the White House Office of Management and Budget to move the money , according to Senate budget analysts . 
Industry officials and congressional aides said that the main points of a compromise defense authorization bill , hammered out during a flurry of private meetings over the past few days , provide a face-saving compromise for both the White House and House Democrats . 
`` That was a disappointment '' and a sign of overall computer-market softness in Europe , Mr. Stevens said . 
IF CONTINENTAL Airlines has its way , couples like Marlo Thomas and Phil Donahue may find it a hassle to qualify for some new discounts . 
Barry R. Ostrager , an attorney for Travelers , said , `` there are procedural bases on which this case will be appealed further . '' 
To simplify the calculations , commissions on the option and underlying stock are n't included in the table . 
Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.83 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
An NFL spokesman also says the league will probably expand its offerings to cable TV companies like ESPN . 
Why do you maintain the House-passed capital-gains plan is a `` temporary '' reduction when it is not ? 
Foothills ' main rival to build a Mackenzie Delta pipeline is likely to be TransCanada PipeLines . 
The other two options consist of swapping loans for bonds with 6.25 % interest rates , or providing fresh loans . 
In advising the UAL board on the various bids for the airline , starting with one for $ 240 a share from Mr. Davis , the investment bank of First Boston came up with a wide range of potential values for the company , depending on appraisal methods and assumptions . 
In contrast , dashboard computers , power seats and turbo-charged engines had little appeal . 
Westmoreland exports about a fourth of its coal tonnage , including a significant amount of metallurgical coal produced by others that is used by steelmakers overseas . 
Now that percentage routinely equals a third and twice has been above 40 % . 
So far this month , the Soviets have bought about 7.2 million metric tons of U.S. corn . 
Massachusetts -- Approximately $ 230 million of general bonds , consolidated loan of 1989 , Series D , via competitive bid . 
Saturday , Nov. 4 , 1:30-6 p.m. EST , on NBC : Breeder 's Cup Day . 
There are , according to several securities commissioners , at least 16 states that are either close to settlements with Drexel or who do n't appear opposed to settling . 
The farmer at the next truck shouts , `` Wheat ! 
Messrs. Lee and Bynoe last July announced a deal that would have made them the first black principal owners of a major professional sports franchise . 
Analysts have been expecting a GM-Jaguar pact that would give the U.S. car maker an eventual 30 % stake in the British company and create joint ventures that would produce an executive-model range of cars . 
Mr. Krenz has followed much the same career path as Mr. Honecker : Both spent years overseeing the Freie Deutsche Jugend , the youth group that is the communist regime 's principal tool for stamping young Germans into socialist citizens . 
Shearson , meanwhile , posted net income of $ 106 million for the first nine months of the year , down slightly from $ 110 million for the year-ago period . 
The penthouse elevator started up from the Gutfreund landing , and Susan Gutfreund used to turn off its light , to give the impression that there was no higher floor . 
Bond prices also jumped as traders appeared to read the data as a sign that interest rates may fall . 
The institute has governmental service contracts for the provision of direct patient services ; collects patient fees ; receives money through contributions from individuals , foundations and bequests . 
Previously , no OPEC member had been willing to accept a reduction in its percentage share of the group 's total output target , or ceiling . 
It was considered South Africa 's largest opposition rally . 
It sees sales rising 45 % to 26,000 units next year . 
A REVISED BID FOR UAL is being prepared by a labor-management group , sources said . 
As a result , financial advisers say they take several steps when evaluating the riskiness of clients ' portfolios . 
We expect a choppy and sloppy market for a short period , but we do n't think it will be ugly . 
The rate among the elderly -- 12 % in 1988 -- was n't significantly lower than the year before . 
We 're sorry to see Nigel Lawson 's departure from the British government . 
In the year-ago quarter , the company reported earnings of $ 2.2 million , or 35 cents a share . 
Share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam . 
The Russians are talking peace . 
The forecasts were widely disseminated , and , in a splashy ad campaign launched in the summer of 1988 , Merrill Lynch urged investors to buy bonds . 
The life-insurance holding company said the sale would result in an after-tax gain of about $ 32 million , or $ 3.09 a share , in the first quarter of 
`` So they were surprised and very disappointed by prepayment . '' 
Prices for general-purpose PVC resin have dropped more than 15 % since last December , he said . 
Bancroft Convertible Fund Inc. , New York , likely will reject a renewed offer from Florida investor Robert I. Green to buy Bancroft for $ 18.95 a share . 
Other stocks in the Dow industrials that failed to benefit from the market 's rebound included United Technologies , which dropped 1 to 53 5\/8 , and Bethle hem Steel , which fell 1 to 16 7\/8 . 
But sales of North American-made 1990-model cars are running at an annual rate of only six million , down from 7.1 million a year earlier . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
That brought a chain reaction in the industry . 
The company estimated that losses from Hurricane Hugo reduced net income by 32 cents a share in the most recent quarter . 
Clearly not . 
Just ask Richard Blumenfeld , a New Jersey dentist who considers himself `` a reasonably sophisticated investor . '' 
Revenue rose to $ 372.1 million from $ 336.4 million . 
A Ford official confirmed in Tokyo that the U.S. motor vehicle maker is studying such an arrangement . 
Polaroid reported operating profit before taxes and interest costs of $ 63.1 million for the third quarter , more than double the year-before $ 24 million . 
A new experiment , reported in this week 's New England Journal of Medicine , involved giving injections of Amgen 's EPO to 23 patients who wanted to store units of their own blood . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Dun & Bradstreet closed yesterday at $ 53.75 , down 25 cents a share . 
Excluding those receipts , the government deficit would have totaled about # 2.5 billion in the first six months , compared with # 1.3 billion a year earlier , the Treasury said . 
When they did , the firm reduced those stock holdings to about 70 % . 
The industry executives said that , as usual with such broad announcements from IBM , this one will be part reality and part strategy . 
On Sept. 6 , Robert Joseph Sherry , the firm 's senior vice president of employee and public relations , sold 4,000 shares , leaving himself with 1,062 shares of James River . 
Digital 's target is the $ 40 billion market for mainframe computers , the closet-sized number-crunchers that nearly every big company needs to run its business . 
In late September , IBM began shipping a plug-in card that converts its PS\/2 model 70-A21 from a 80386 machine to an 80486 machine . 
`` They 're out there promoting like crazy , trying to get prices up by promotion , '' said Roy Burry , an analyst with Kidder , Peabody & Co . 
Phillips and Arco posted declines . 
Earthquake insurance typically runs $ 200 or more a year for a small house . 
And he managed to fend off further advances and even strike up an unlikely friendship with the interloper . 
The campaign , created by Omnicom Group 's DDB Needham agency , takes advantage of the eye-catching photography that National Geographic is known for . 
`` It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency . 
Stock-index arbitrage trading was a minor influence in yesterday 's rally , traders said . 
You already know the answer . 
`` This is fun , '' asserted Susan Del Signore , head equity trader at Travelers Investment Management Co . 
In separate statements , the two sides said they want to have `` further discussions . '' 
Still , some sectors found buying interest after being actively sold in recent weeks . 
Now why , you have to ask yourself , would intelligent beings haul a bunch of rocks around the universe ? 
But slow sales forced Ford to kill the brand just last week . 
Later , the judge went a step farther . 
Companies would be compelled to publish in annual proxy statements the names of insiders who fail to file reports on time . 
John Franco , 47 years old , formerly vice chairman of Capital Holding Corp. and president of its Accumulation Investment Group , was named chief executive officer of this insurance holding company , effective Dec. 1 , succeeding Robert T. Shaw , who remains chairman . 
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner . 
This article is adapted from one in the October American Spectator . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
Heavy construction , property-casualty insurance and forest products were among the best performing industry groups in the Dow Jones Equity Market Index yesterday . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Bank Building closed at $ 4 a share , down 62.5 cents . 
Although Mr. Freeman is retiring , he will continue to work as a consultant for American Express on a project basis . 
The 101-year-old magazine has never had to woo advertisers with quite so much fervor before . 
`` We have not made that decision '' to seek a Jaguar special shareholders ' meeting , said Martyn Watkins , a Ford spokesman in London . 
Mattel said the company 's sale of rights to land and buildings at its Hawthorne , Calif. , headquarters resulted in a $ 13 million charge to third-quarter operating profit . 
Mr. Roman will oversee American Express 's public relations and government affairs , among other things , but he wo n't be involved in its advertising , which is handled by the operating units . 
Is that the forecast ? '' Mr. O'Brien asks , trying to pin down the economist . 
One wonders how other college athletic officials would behave under the same circumstances . 
They did n't . 
But with the impending passage of these new programs , Mr. Bush will surely be sending many people hurtling back into the regulatory thicket that he had helped cut back . 
Thomas Spiegel , Columbia 's chairman , said in a statement that the thrift was `` disappointed '' by the effects of the accounting changes . 
The technology group includes many of the OTC market 's biggest stocks , which dominate the market-weighted Nasdaq Composite Index . 
While `` the tone '' of domestic and international air-freight markets remains sound , seasonal factors are likely to hinder Burlington Air from matching third-quarter results in the fourth quarter , Pittston said . 
But quick turnover in artwork is `` like pawning your jewelry -- you end up with 50 % . 
The point of this 1955 novel , which spawned two movies , is that the soulless pod people replicated by alien plants are virtually indistinguishable from human folks . 
Another possibility is for the pilots ' to team up with an outside investor who might try to force the ouster of the board through the solicitation of consents . 
He 's the senator most like Arthur Vandenberg , the GOP senator from Michigan who worked to forge a bipartisan foreign policy in the 1940s . 
11:54 p.m . 
`` But he may not have a choice . '' 
Other observers note that UAL 's board , having accepted a bid of $ 300 a share , might hold out for a new bid much closer to the original level -- even if it means that the management goes back to running the company for a while and lets things return to normal . 
Mr. Lortie joined Provigo in 1985 and spearheaded the company 's drive to grow outside its traditional food business . 
Asked whether a $ 230-a-share figure circulating in the market yesterday is too low , he said , `` It 's certainly not too low . '' 
This would make the market-oriented system more attractive to Eastern countries , they argue , and allow greater economic aid and technological know-how to flow from West to East . 
But traders also said arbitrage-related trading contributed to the market 's surge , as buy programs boosted prices shortly after the opening and sporadically through the remainder of the session . 
Compared with the first nine months of last year , average franchisee store sales this year were down nearly $ 3,200 , reflecting a fierce discounting war among fast-food chains . 
Both insiders declined to comment . 
Italy 's unemployment rate rose to 12 % of the labor force in July from 11.9 % in April , and was up from 11.7 % a year earlier , according to quarterly figures from the state statistical institute . 
The embargo lasted only six months , but the price hikes became a fact of life . 
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Falcon closed at $ 20 , unchanged . 
The buy-out group had no firm financing for the plan . 
The older one looks like a member of the jury for a literary award , the younger one looks like a novelist . 
Under the agreement , Prospect is permitted to increase its stake in Recognition to 30 % . 
It would make sense for somebody to do it . 
This , he warned , would prevent these countries from bridging the difference with their richer EC brethren . 
Otherwise , Jaguar may have to tolerate the two U.S. auto giants each owning a 15 % stake for more than a year . 
The seaborne meetings wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit next spring or summer , at which an arms-control treaty is likely to be completed . 
Mr. Paul boasts that he spotted bargains in old masters just before they took an upward turn . 
But that development also had little effect on traders ' sentiment . 
While his public statements have at times been confusing , Mr. Dinkins 's position papers have more consistently reflected anti-development sentiment . 
This is the worry that probably brought steadiness to the market earlier in the week , he said . 
These managers held 9.8 % of assets in cash at the end of September , down from 10.2 % in August and 10.6 % in September 1988 . 
Chinese leader Deng told former President Nixon that the U.S. was deeply involved in `` the turmoil and counterrevolutionary rebellion '' that gripped Beijing last spring . 
The company has made payments of $ 175 million against the original $ 585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization . 
Dealers said they viewed the initial # 390-million ( $ 622 million ) outlay for a 15 % stake in the airline as a bit much . 
Paul Wenz , a Phoenix , Ariz. , attorney , says a promise of unrealistic returns would have made him leery . 
Billings were n't disclosed . 
Before his assassination in 1988 , President Zia of Pakistan repeatedly stated that fresh Soviet troops were being inserted into Afghanistan even as others were ostentatiously withdrawn . 
The predicament , he added , was similar to the Hong Kong 1982-83 property-price collapse , which exposed the involvement of Bank Bumiputra 's former subsidiary in the colony in the largest banking scandal in Malaysia 's history . 
`` We have to make it attractive enough that { holders } would accept it , '' Sir John said . 
IF IN VITRO fertilization works , it usually does so after only a few tries . 
But unofficially , senior navy officials sharply criticize the Rafale as an air force plane ill-suited to carrier use . 
And the stock market 's recent gyrations are a painful reminder of the dangers there . 
Unknown before 1960 were the inconclusive effects of acid rain , greenhouse warming and ozone depletion , all of which required burgeoning political power and gargantuan expense . 
We will go back and forth with a tilt toward slightly lower yields , '' he said . 
Rally 's operates and franchises about 160 fast-food restaurants throughout the U.S. . 
`` His { Phelan 's } own interests are in building an electronic marketplace , '' said a market maker . 
Rep. Byron Dorgan ( D. , N.D . ) has introduced a bill in Congress , co-sponsored by Rep. Lee Hamilton ( D. , Ind. ) , that would put the treasury secretary back on the board . 
The company also changed its dividend policy , under which holders had received an annual 10 cents-a-share payment , by declaring a four-cents-a-share dividend , to be paid quarterly on post-split shares . 
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come . 
Instead , he proposed a `` law-governed economy , '' in which there would be a `` clear-cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management . '' 
Under the exchange 's definitions , program trading also describes a number of other strategies that , in the opinion of some traders , do n't cause big swings in the market . 
Financing plans include raising $ 170 million in debt secured by the company 's holdings in New Jersey . 
That 's the word . 
In presenting the study late last week , Dr. Warshaw estimated the cost of these types of disorders to business is substantial . 
CBS is likely to spend whatever it takes to keep them . 
In the early 1980s , I predicted a significant acceleration in productivity growth over the rest of the decade . 
Only for yardwork and home maintenance did women do less than half . 
`` We wo n't know until the smoke clears -- but yes , we 're looking into it , '' he says . 
Brady and Breeden work well together on the plunge , despite the fact that the Treasury secretary opposed Breeden 's nomination to the SEC post . 
And , last but not least , President George Bush now views the changes in Eastern Europe as `` absolutely extraordinary '' and believes that Mr. Krenz `` ca n't turn the clock back '' in East Germany because the change is too inexorable , '' as he told the New York Times 's R.W. Apple Jr . 
That compares with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk . 
Dr. Vogelstein and a doctoral student , Eric Fearon , began months of tedious and often frustrating probing of the chromosomes searching for signs of genetic damage . 
He adds : `` I think this is a great strategic move for Quebecor . 
Crude prices spurted upward in brisk trading on the assumption that heavy earthquake damage occurred to San Francisco area refinery complexes , but the rise quickly fizzled when it became apparent that oil operations were n't severely curtailed . 
In order to defuse pressure for an amendment , Mr. Mitchell and House Speaker Thomas Foley ( D. , Wash . ) had arranged for lawmakers to pass a statute barring flag desecration before voting on the constitutional change . 
Commentators would fret over the implications for the G-7 coordination process and the stability of world financial markets . 
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated-technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office . 
In its portfolio are such diverse companies as United Kingdom-based Air Europe ; Checkrobot Inc. , a U.S. company that makes supermarket checkout machines ; Norment Industries , a U.S. manufacturer of securities systems ; Com Systems Inc. , a U.S. regional telephone company ; and major real-estate projects in the U.S. and Europe . 
The initial spots will appear during morning and prime-time news shows . 
A new Maryland law frees store owners of liability if a customer trips or otherwise gets hurt on the way to the restroom ... . 
In fact , a very high-ranking Soviet official told an American official at a diplomatic dinner that no change in the policy was contemplated . 
Brokers handle such transactions through the Options Clearing Corp. , which guarantees all option trades . 
The expected amount is said to be 700 billion yen ( $ 4.93 billion ) to 1.05 trillion yen -- the second largest amount this year in a given period , following the record high set at the end of July , according to market observers . 
While Saatchi 's major agency networks -- Backer Spielvogel and Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising -- would be difficult for any ad firm to buy because of potential client conflicts , its smaller businesses are quite attractive . 
Worse , every week it suffers audience drop-off from `` Murphy Brown '' and viewership on CBS picks up again once `` Teddy Z '' is over and is followed by `` Designing Women . '' 
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . ' 
The Senate bill would only deny the deduction until interest is actually paid . 
Hilton rose 2 7\/8 to 100 , for example . 
Both the Series 1989 A and Series 1989 B bonds were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.15 % in 2008-2009 , according to a Merrill Lynch official . 
Mr. Peterson also says he does n't consider himself a financial planner anymore . 
But the computer giant appears to have lost a second key contract with Kodak to archrival Digital Equipment Corp . 
The Tempe , Ariz. , maker of underground fuel-storage systems said the most recent period was affected by customers ' problems complying with recent Environmental Protection Agency regulations . 
Mr. Eddington sees alliances with other carriers -- particularly Cathay 's recent link with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines -- as an important part of Cathay 's strategy . 
That 's a headache for long-term investors , since it forces them to reinvest their money -- usually at lower rates than the original mortgage securities carried . 
And so it seems to be with the case of Elizabeth Morgan , the Washington , D.C. , plastic surgeon jailed in a child custody case for refusing to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
Welcome to the 28th Tokyo Motor Show . 
Elsewhere , prices surged for a second day in Frankfurt , closed higher in Zurich , Stockholm and Amsterdam and were broadly lower in Milan , Paris and Brussels . 
The new , as yet unnamed , subsidiary will combine Quebecor 's existing printing unit and Maxwell Graphics . 
Despite the tragic loss of more than 270 lives , and damage estimated in the billions , most businesses and their plants and offices in the Bay area were n't greatly affected . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange rose to 198.1 million shares from 166.9 million Wednesday . 
Some say the best hope for the Mexicans is catching the eye of Japan by promoting the one industry the Japanese clearly like -- the border assembly plants , known as `` maquiladoras , '' which are open to 100 % foreign control . 
Publicly traded VF Corp. , which owns Vanity Fair , and Sara Lee Corp. , which owns Bali Co. , are also strong forces in intimate apparel . 
The industrial average ended at 2659.22 , down 3.69 points . 
`` We have n't decided on a strategy yet , but we could become an independent producer depending on whether we 're the developer or just the supplier , '' says Theodore Stern , executive vice president of the company 's energy and utility systems group . 
A charge of $ 80 million related to projected environmental costs in its refining and marketing operations further depressed results . 
But they wo n't necessarily eat at Denny 's . 
That gain was mostly offset by a loss of about $ 55 million from a write-down in its polysilicon business . 
Mr. Kaiser said there were no fundamental factors moving these markets . 
However , Japanese authorities apparently were concerned that a refinancing also would attract too much publicity . 
About 25 adjusters were dispatched yesterday afternoon , along with laptop computers , cellular phones and blank checks . 
A Coors spokesman said the company does n't believe the move will further increase William Coors 's influence or reduce the influence of Jeffrey Coors , Peter Coors or Joseph Coors Jr. , who run the company 's three operating units . 
One South Bronx principal kept his job for 16 years , despite a serious drinking problem and rarely showing up for work . 
The new commissioner says that closer scrutiny of how the agency uses its resources will go a long way toward enhancing its ability to collect more tax revenue . 
The group attributed the strong results to the favorable economic climate , rising demand for air travel and improved average yield ( revenue received per ton of traffic transported a kilometer ) . 
But the Reagan administration thought otherwise , and so may the Bush administration . 
Walter S. Fisher , executive vice president and general auditor of the bank 's parent , Security Pacific Corp. , said no bank funds were at risk during the investigation . 
For the first time , the U.S. considered cutting Mr. Noriega from its intelligence payroll -- and the deliberations were intense , Mr. Turner says . 
The BBDO Worldwide ad agency studied `` brand parity '' and found that consumers believe all brands are about the same in a number of categories , particularly credit cards , paper towels , dry soups and snack chips . 
Per-share figures this year reflect $ 6.8 million in preferred-share dividends ; the 1988 quarter did n't have such a payout . 
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself . 
A poll conducted in 12 of 16 NATO countries shows that the Dutch appear to be the strongest supporters of the alliance . 
Bolar Pharmaceutical Co. posted the largest volume increase , 552,302 shares , to 2,157,656 . 
But at this point , that may just be wishful thinking . 
It adds something to the market . 
Gives me the willies just thinking about it . 
Dick Pound , a committee member , began by disclosing that ABC and NBC had refused to even bid . 
It 's also likely that regulators will try to forge some kind of consensus between the would-be pipeline builders before undertaking any hearings into rival projects . 
It 's not enough . 
It is naivete to equate a government 's policies with the will of the people ( as we well know ) , and it is even worse folly to merge the clearly divergent agendas of Fidel and the military and the state bureaucracy . 
That pace is causing some analysts to speculate that the Soviet Union might soon purchase as much as another two million metric tons . 
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 . 
The group will complain to Washington , to the heads of program-trading firms and to the heads of the Big Board itself , he said . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
And we are the first back at the dock , where the great blue herons stand waiting by the cleaning benches . 
By providing workers with the opportunity to move into the private sector where wages tend to be higher , and by holding out the promise of more consumer goods , Mr. Gorbachev hopes to revive the popularity of the party . 
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices . 
The pact calls for the Times to pay dealers $ 3.6 million over six years , as well as other payments in the form of subsidies over three years , based on the number of `` new customers started by the dealers and on pricing structures , '' the Times said . 
Mr. Aloe said the Odeon `` has no policy against hiring pregnant people . '' 
Mr. Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges . 
Jaguar was boosted 21 to 715 on follow-through buying after Ford Motor 's announcement Tuesday that it might be prepared to mount a full bid for the U.K. luxury auto maker . 
In addition , the company said ongoing cost-cutting efforts contributed to the latest period 's earnings upturn . 
`` In terms of coverage , it was a disaster equal to the earthquakes , '' said Eric Premner , president for broadcasting of King Broadcasting Co. , which owns the NBC affiliate in Seattle , Wash . 
PRECIOUS METALS : Futures prices inched upward in mostly lackluster trading . 
Showtime is a distant No. 2 to Home Box Office , and in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit against Time Warner , charging the company and its HBO and American Television cable units with conspiring to monopolize the pay TV business . 
We badly need to follow fact rather than the rhetoric of conventional wisdom . 
The move is consistent with a trend for corporate legal staffs to do more work in-house , instead of farming it out to law firms . 
Goodyear 's profit rose 11 % in the quarter , buoyed by improved operating results in its tire business . 
( In last week 's rape case , for example , the girl turns out to have been a victim of incest , and the biggest villains are the politicians who exploit the case . ) 
He expected as much . 
We do n't expect much good from nuclear-arms control , but conventional-arms talks might demilitarize Eastern Europe . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Norfolk Southern shares closed at $ 37.875 , up $ 1.125 . 
And do n't expect anyone to change the term `` blue chip , '' either , even though some of the companies that still enjoy the title may be riskier investments than they were . 
The pact proposes a 2 1\/2-year contract with a raise of 8 % in the first year , 7 % in the second and 4 % for the final six months . 
Now those items will be discussed in a House-Senate conference , which could begin as soon as today , with the expectation that they could either be resolved there or placed into other legislation . 
They paid $ 15 million for a 1 % stake and received an additional 9 % of the company at no additional cost . 
The remaining properties to be acquired are the Tropicana Country Club & Golf Course , a facility jointly owned by Ramada Inc. , of Phoenix , Ariz. , and the Jaffe family , and a small parcel owned by MGM Grand director James D. Aljian . 
Individuals also should focus on building equity in a home , which provides some protection against inflation , as well as a nest-egg that can be cashed in late in life to help cover the cost of retirement living . 
But within the government and in the think tanks outside it , many West Germans maintain that they do n't want immediate reunification . 
Since the last time he traveled this way several months ago , he has recanted a series of bold forecasts of a recession . 
It was not until the early 1970s that Cambridge Prof. Harry Whittington and two sharp graduate students began to publish a reinterpretation of the Burgess Shale . 
If it goes capitalist , and increases trade with West Germany , it will convert itself , willy-nilly , into an economic annex of the Federal Republic . 
Early this year Morgan and three other investment houses each received $ 25 million in advisory fees from Kohlberg Kravis & Roberts in its $ 25 billion friendly buy-out of RJR Nabisco . 
But the sponsors have an explanation : `` Through the character associated with a snail , '' they say , `` important values such as harmony with nature and aspirations for the future are sought . '' 
`` If they get 50 packets of something , they open one , see what it says , throw 48 away and send two to people or departments they think are appropriate , '' a spokesman says . 
If the whole market thinks what you 're doing is crazy you do n't have much competition . '' 
She lives in Oakland , a community hit hard by the earthquake . 
Earlier this month , the company said it expected to break even for the quarter on sales of $ 530 million . 
The departures , said Alice Ruth , an analyst at Montgomery Securities in San Francisco , should enable the company to focus on business issues instead of management differences . 
The world had a big yuk recently when the Soviets reported a rash of UFO landings , one of them bringing tall aliens who glowed in the dark to Voronezh . 
He cut his rating to a short-term hold from above-average performer and reduced his 1990 earnings estimate . 
Jefferies Group Inc. said third-quarter net income fell 4 % , to $ 2.2 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 2.3 million , or 31 cents a share on more shares , a year earlier . 
The declines were particularly pronounced in the Northeast and in the South , where Hurricane Hugo was a factor . 
In February , Mr. Thornburgh announced his plan to abolish the units . 
Mr. Mayor 's hope that references to `` press freedom '' would survive unamended seems doomed to failure ; the current phrasing is `` educating the public and media to avoid manipulation . '' 
Revenue jumped 22 % to $ 7.89 billion from $ 6.46 billion . 
We 've all got money to spend , some of it clearly disposable since we keep disposing of it . 
These include , among other parts , each jetliner 's two major bulkheads , a pressure floor , torque box , fixed leading edges for the wings and an aft keel beam . 
The last Taxpayer Compliance Measurement Program survey covered 1985 returns . 
Just five months after Ogilvy Group was swallowed up in an unsolicited takeover , Kenneth Roman , Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , said he is leaving to take a top post at American Express Co . 
But we ca n't produce enough anymore . '' 
One airline official said about three times as many free-travel coupons are being turned in as in previous years -- not surprisingly , as the airlines last year allowed many travelers to build up mileage at triple the normal rate . 
Wall Street securities firms , `` the primary source of liquidity for the high yield market , '' have been net sellers of junk bonds because of trading losses , Deltec said in a recent , grim report to customers . 
With the new TV spots , Ogilvy & Mather has opted for a family style with lots of laughter , hugs and tears . 
For the week the Dow Jones Industrial Average sank 92.42 points , or 3.4 % . 
By moving the design of new products in-house -- instead of contracting out the work -- the company also has been able to come up with designs that can be manufactured more efficiently , he said . 
The compromise bill passed the House last week but has now provoked jurisdictional fights with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , which jealously protects its prerogatives over operations at the State Department . 
`` Mr. Lortie felt less pertinent , '' Mr. Nadeau said , given the decision to dump Provigo 's non-food operations . 
Tomorrow , the Treasury will sell $ 10 billion of two-year notes . 
The hastily drafted measure could hurt California by requiring it to put up more matching funds for emergency highway assistance than otherwise would be required . 
So she has agreed to forgo monetary damages against Mr. Alexander 's client in return for the right to punch the attorney . 
Bloomingdale 's is a 17-store chain acquired last year by Campeau in its $ 6.6 billion acquisition of Federated . 
Too bad theory fails in practice . 
The studies are on exhibit at Harvard this month and will travel to Chicago 's Institute of Design and the University of California at Berkeley . 
Drexel does n't have a Delaware office , but the New York firm has been negotiating settlements that would allow it to operate freely nationwide despite its record as an admitted felon . 
Another former EPA official , Rita Lavelle , is still struggling after her conviction in 1983 on perjury charges . 
2 . In seeking approval of a TRO , the prosecutor must articulate any anticipated impact that forfeiture and the TRO would have on innocent third parties , balanced against the government 's need to preserve the assets . 
The new manager will face the daunting task of leasing 1.8 million square feet in a relatively soft Chicago real estate market . 
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series . 
The two companies would appear to be a logical fit because of their complementary lines , and analysts described the offer , representing a 36 % premium over Nekoosa 's market price , as fair . 
Plant lovers who studied the maquette were alarmed . 
This gap eventually closes , but slowly . 
`` People should remember their money is n't all or nothing -- they do n't need to be shopping for the one interest-rate-type investment and putting all their money in it , '' says Bethesda , Md. , adviser Karen Schaeffer . 
Revenue rose 4 % to $ 1.79 billion . 
Chief Executive Officer Michael Carpenter said that despite the outcry even by some of Kidder 's own brokers , he believes index arbitrage does n't have a `` negative impact on the market as a whole . 
Researchers say the inactivation of tumor-suppressor genes , alone or in combination , appears crucial to the development of such scourges as cancer of the brain , the skin , kidney , prostate , and cervix . 
The group 's advisers want to make certain they have firm bank commitments the second time around . 
For years , we tried to ignore the problem of poverty , and now that it has gotten out of hand it 's a new crusade for the media and our Democratic Congress . 
`` If they ask advertisers to absorb the costs , they 're likely to lose all but a few who need sports , above all . '' 
By day 's end , the Dow industrials had rebounded 88.12 points , or nearly half of Friday 's drop . 
The company , which has interests in television , trucking services , and glass-making and food-processing equipment , said it plans to make other acquisitions in the telephone industry . 
There are all sorts of ways to give buy and sell instructions to a broker -- and just as many ways to get burned if you do n't know what you 're doing . 
In recent years , though , a passel of others flying the no-load flag have been imposing hefty charges -- all the way up to 6 % -- when an investor sells his shares . 
While many commentators , particularly French ones , worry that hasty and emotional reaction to the changes in the East might lead to dangerous pressures for a denuclearized Europe or the speeded-up withdrawal of American troops , Mr. Roper in London sees a more positive scenario . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Meson said it holds 67,400 Verit common shares , including net purchases of 8,100 shares bought from Oct. 10 , 1988 , to Oct. 11 , 1989 , for $ 3.875 to $ 7 each . 
The demonstrators have been non-violent , but the result of their trespasses has been to seriously impair the rights of others unconnected with their dispute . 
The unusual situation in Birmingham vividly illustrates the divisive consequences of carving out safe districts for racial minorities . 
Chiron was up 1\/2 to 27 and Cetus gained 1\/2 to 16 3\/8 . 
In announcing the plant delay , Kellogg Chairman William E. LaMothe said , `` Cereal volume growth in the U.S. has not met our expectations for 1989 . '' 
You never know where she 'll turn up . '' 
U.S. companies developing management teams are wrestling with how to handle individual suggestion systems . 
The fact that stock pickers have bested a randomly selected portfolio in eight of 12 months has no bearing on the efficient-market theory . 
`` The magazines I am looking for are underdeveloped , '' said Mr. Ritterman . 
A 35-nation environmental conference opened in Sofia , Bulgaria . 
Mr. Rogers , who was president and chief operating officer of Equifax , will retain his position as president . 
According to a trader at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , the hardest hit junk bonds were those issued by RJR Holdings Capital Corp. , which are the easiest to sell . 
To gain more leverage , abortion-rights advocates may seek to fold the bill into an omnibus continuing resolution next month . 
Call from Sept. 30 , 1993 , at 100 3\/16 , declining by 1\/16 point a year to to par . 
`` This action will continue to keep operating expenses in line '' with revenue , said J. David Hann , president and chief executive officer of Los Angeles-based Quotron . 
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free . 
Lotus Development Corp. feeds its evaluations into a computer , but only for storage ; the decisions are made by supervisors . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Rohm & Haas closed at $ 33 a share , down $ 1.75 . 
The seemingly mundane action , which was opposed by the Securities Industry Association , a trade group , has important implications for banks ' recent entry into the underwriting of corporate securities . 
c - Translated at Commercial Rand exchange rate . 
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says . 
GE Capital said Commercial Federal Savings will continue to market Visa and MasterCard programs while Monogram provides `` operational and marketing support '' and actually owns the accounts . 
Energy prices continued to fall at the retail level , but economists worried about a big rise in wholesale energy costs . 
SKILLED WORKERS aplenty are available to cope with earthquake damage . 
John Barry Ventura , Calif . 
-- Xtra gained 1 1\/8 to 27 1\/8 . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 15\/16 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 7\/8 % offered . 
Sierra Tucson , an initial public offering , made the most active list . 
`` You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' Mr. Matchett said , adding : `` It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught . '' 
Stewart & Stevenson Services Inc. said it received two contracts totaling $ 19 million to build gas-turbine generators . 
`` I 've done over 40 ad agency searches { for clients } , so I have a pretty good notion of what clients are interested in when they look for an agency , '' Mr. Achenbaum said . 
Harry Schwartz , a soft commodity specialist for Cargill Investors Services in New York , said the only report Ghana has issued about the arrival of cocoa from the interior was for 7,839 metric tons as of Oct. 12 . 
Fluent in Spanish from his days in the Peace Corps , Mr. Courter actively courts minority voters but seems oddly over his head . 
`` But in the real world , you learn that speed and quality are not a trade-off . 
On Friday , the stock-index futures market was unhinged from the stock market when the Chicago Mercantile Exchange halted trading in Standard & Poor 's 500 futures contract -- a `` circuit breaker '' procedure instituted after the 1987 crash and implemented for the first time . 
And the investigators were quickly closing in on Mr. Noriega himself . 
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first-time purchase of stakes in companies . 
But industry and OPEC officials agree that a handful of members still have enough unused capacity to glut the market and cause an oil-price collapse a few months from now if OPEC does n't soon adopt a new quota system to corral its chronic cheaters . 
Some cities , including New York , have experimented with special tax districts for commercial areas that provide additional patrols funded by local businesses . 
The best baseball teams win six of 10 games and the worst win four of 10 . 
He added : `` There 's probably even a magazine for left-handed golfers ... but the general interest magazine is something we all miss , and it should come back . '' 
Ramada 's stock rose 87.5 cents on the news to close at $ 11.25 in composite New York Stock Exchange trading . 
IBM rose 2 3\/8 to 104 1\/8 as 2.2 million shares changed hands . 
The changes in the office layout illustrate Mr. Breeden 's stance as the nation 's top securities regulator . 
Hugh Johnson , chief investment officer at First Albany Corp. , agreed that a deteriorating economy is worrisome , but he said the real concern among stock investors is that some new problem will crop up in the junk bond market . 
A U.S. counterterrorism official said experts are studying the Israeli list . 
Warner has filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against Sony and the Guber-Peters duo , who in turn are countersuing Warner for trying to interfere in Sony 's acquisition of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. and Guber Peters Entertainment Co. in two transactions valued at over $ 5 billion . 
The dollar climbed immediately higher on news of Mr. Greenspan 's testimony , settling lower in later trade as dealers squared positions ahead of today 's preliminary report on third-quarter U.S. gross national product . 
But U.S. intelligence , rather than rein in or cut loose its new spy , merely filed the report away . 
Having said that , we must caution against an apparent tendency to overstate the case . 
During the Third Reich , the Rothschilds were a target of Nazi propaganda against Jewish financiers . 
Others were more cautious . 
`` It 's impossible to overstate how much this means to the families of these patients , '' said Samuel Broder , director of the National Cancer Institute and a main developer of AZT . 
( Part of Mr. Dinkins 's strength is his ability to win the support of both the Brooklyn and Harlem factions . ) 
Thomas E. Meador , 42 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of Balcor Co. , a Skokie , Ill. , subsidiary of this New York investment banking firm . 
Helmsley Enterprises Inc. plans to close its company-owned insurance business and is seeking other brokers to take over its policies , according to individuals familiar with the New York firm . 
They plan to expand the home site by buying five adjoining acres for $ 200,000 , borrowed against a first mortgage on the five acres and also collateralized by the 15 acres . 
Following a problem-solving formula used by teams throughout Federal Express , members of the Natick team monitored their morning routine , carefully noting where and when the work group 's resources were used effectively and where they were idle , waiting for others upstream in the process to send packages their way . 
In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures and options . 
But ultimately he was undone by forces unleashed by his own comrade , Mr. Gorbachev . 
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 . 
A young mother found her boy , who had been out buying a hotdog . 
He suggested that investors buy the shares of Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea , J. Baker , McDonald 's , Philip Morris and Sara Lee . 
Environmental groups would soon go out of business were they not able to send out mailings describing the latest threat and asking for money to fight it . 
Coast earned $ 10.2 million , or 67 cents a share , in the year-ago quarter . 
As a result of the partial sale and spinoff , the $ 56 billion California Public Employees Retirement System would obtain two seats on the board of the real estate operation , according to officials of the fund , who described the plan . 
Short-term rates rose yesterday at the government 's weekly Treasury bill auction , compared with the previous bill sale . 
Stocks are much riskier than Treasury bills , for example , because the range in performance from the best years to the worst is much wider . 
When the company this month announced lower-than-forecast sales of Easy Eggs , the stock dropped nearly 19 % . 
The new technologies are intended to retire the cathode-ray tube , which accounts for most of the bulk of the conventional TV set . 
However a Qintex Australia spokesman said his firm had never `` promised or guaranteed '' to make the payment . 
To land customers for their well-paying stock custodial business , big banks sometimes will throw in basic indexing services for free . 
With prices already headed lower , news of a series of explosions at a major Phillips Petroleum Co. chemical facility on the Houston Ship Channel also was bearish for prices . 
The bank said the increase in loan-loss provisions wo n't affect the payment of dividends . 
The elections will be a rigorous test for the 45-year-old prime minister and Congress ( I ) , which in various forms has ruled for 40 of India 's 42 years of independence . 
Other RJR issues fell between 1\/2 point and 1 1\/2 point . 
In recent weeks , warm and dry weather has sped the Midwest harvest and that is permitting farmers to rebuild the stockpiles that were cut by the 1988 drought . 
The odds are against him , as he himself would no doubt tell you . 
Silicon Graphics also plans to unveil even less expensive machines in the near future . 
The whole idea of computer-integrated manufacturing , CIM , seems to be making a comeback after losing a little luster over the past couple of years when it became apparent that it was n't a panacea that would make U.S. plants more efficient and banish foreign competition . 
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the first section , which gained 41.76 Tuesday , was up 0.24 points , or 0.01 % , at 2642.88 . 
Philips did n't indicate how many shares outstanding it has of either issue . 
Energy Transportation retained Litigation Sciences , at a cost of several hundred thousand dollars , to poll , pre-try , profile and shadow . 
Although the economy showed no change of pace from the second quarter , many analysts expect it to slow considerably in the fourth quarter as demand for autos falls , partly because of higher prices on models introduced last month . 
Both revenue figures exclude excise taxes . 
He cites IBM , which reported a 30 % earnings decline in the third quarter , and which last week announced a $ 1 billion buy-back of its shares . 
Only one in four companies with flexible benefit plans lets workers buy or sell vacation days , consultant Towers Perrin says . 
`` You see some improvement in these other areas , but it 's a very small and slow process . '' 
Mr. Nadeau said discussions are under way with potential purchasers of each of the units . 
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard . 
In its letter to him , dated March 2 and shared with reporters , Alex Hager , the chief of the thrift-institution bureau in the comptroller 's office , expressed puzzlement that the S&L could be so profligate when it had reported losses of more than $ 13 million in its two preceding quarters . 
When he is presented with a poster celebrating the organization 's 20th anniversary , he recognizes a photograph of one of the founders and recalls time spent together in Camden . 
That judgment , in turn , was reversed by the U.S. Supreme Court , leaving Cohen and Boyer holding the first patents for making recombinant DNA ( now assigned to their schools ) . 
The stock of UAL Corp. continued to be pounded amid signs that British Airways may balk at any hasty reformulation of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Airlines ' parent . 
Cuba was elected to the U.N. Security Council for the first time since its Castro-led revolution 30 years ago . 
Futures prices recovered in quiet trading . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Union Pacific jumped $ 1.375 to $ 75 a share . 
The premium of cash copper to the three-month forward offerings narrowed , indicating weaker demand for cash copper . 
From 1974 to 1984 , prices for the best yearlings at the summer sales rose 918 % to an average of $ 544,681 . 
`` You 've got to give these chairmen the opportunity to see if they can work things out , '' said House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta ( D. , Calif . ) . 
But Akzo is still slimming down : It recently announced plans to eliminate about 1,700 fiber-related jobs in the Netherlands and West Germany . 
Indeed , the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom . 
BellSouth Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John L. Clendenin said three factors accounted for the drop in third-quarter earnings . 
Du Pont , as it happens , has a potential substitute for CFCs . 
Polyvinyl chloride capacity `` has overtaken demand and we are experiencing reduced profit margins as a result , '' said John D. Ong , chairman and chief executive . 
We would even save on freight . '' 
They worried about an Interior Department directive to log all communications with Members or their staffs . 
The sales are expected to raise more than 600 million Australian dollars ( US$ 462.2 million ) , Mr. Skase said . 
General unsecured creditors of the parent holding company initially will receive $ 14 million in cash , $ 22 million face amount of senior notes and 49 % of the new company 's stock . 
The GOP doubters were in Congress . 
However , Citicorp said that the average rate fell to 7.962 % at its $ 50 million auction of 182-day commercial paper from 7.986 % at last week 's sale . 
Acquired from Carisbrook Holdings U.K. Ltd. , a company owned by Australian financier Robert Holmes a Court , the stake was apparently the first of its kind for Aska , an entity separate from Aichi . 
But such skills were alien to Toni Johnson . 
Amid charges of `` timidity '' on Panama and elsewhere , the president was n't about to offend his most energetic constituency . 
The Japanese company hired Richardson Nagy Martin , a Newport Beach , Calif. , architectural firm , to design what the Japanese press has dubbed `` the Beverly Hills of Tokyo . '' 
This occurred partly because of more competition as the number of new businesses surged . 
Indian Oil Corp . ( India ) -- 
To judge from novels that mirror the contemporary scene , we 're back in the age of anxiety . 
AN EARTHQUAKE STRUCK Northern California , killing more than 50 people . 
`` The resignation came as a great surprise . '' 
UAL Corp. is a good example . 
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do . 
`` In the end , I think David will be judged for being David . 
Michigan -- $ 80 million of first general obligation bonds ( Series 1989 environmental protection program and recreation program ) , tentatively priced by a Shearson Lehman Hutton group to yield from 6 % for current interest bonds due 1990 to 7.25 % for convertible capital appreciation bonds . 
Many big Wall Street brokerage firms who eliminated their research effort in stocks of emerging growth companies a few years ago are now resuming coverage of this area , he notes . 
One of the busiest ghostbusters is Robert Baker , a 68-year-old semi-retired University of Kentucky psychology professor whose bushy gray eyebrows arch at the mere mention of a ghost . 
The captain of the aircraft carrier , the oldest in the Navy , said the flier was making his first attempt to land on a carrier . 
`` We had a management breakdown in 1987 in terms of compliance , '' Mr. Thompson says . 
John Bolton , the assistant secretary of state for international organizations , told Congress that the continuing `` statist , restrictive , nondemocratic '' programs make rejoining any time soon `` extremely unlikely . '' 
Enviropact said the two divisions account for about $ 8 million of the company 's $ 20 million in annual revenue . 
Litigation Sciences concedes that in one in 20 cases it was flatout wrong in its predictions . 
Hopefully , I 'd find someone in psychobiology who wanted to know more about mathematics . '' 
In addition , Unisys must deal with its increasingly oppressive debt load . 
Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting 's chairman , was named chairman of Turner Pictures , and Gerry Hogan , president of Turner Entertainment Networks , was named president of the unit . 
Mobil Corp. is in the midst of cutting back its exploration and production group , which finds and develops oil and gas reserves in the U.S. , by as much as 15 % as part of a new restructuring of that sector of its business . 
`` It was the plunge that did n't happen , '' he says . 
In this week 's show , there 's an unsafe nuclear weaponsmaking facility ( a la Rocky Flats ) . 
They add that it is n't costing KKR anything to give up equity because of its big up-front cash profit on the buy-out , which they think contributed to SCI TV 's current problems . 
The State Development Board set up a Hugo Hotline to accept business-to-business help . 
Summarizing data derived from a March 1989 survey of 58,000 households , William Butz , associate director of the Census Bureau , said that `` most groups either stayed the same or improved . '' 
CARTER HAWLEY HALE STORES Inc. , Los Angeles , retailer , annual sales of $ 2.79 billion , NYSE , said nine of its 22 Emporium stores in the area were closed because of water damage , broken windows and fallen displays . 
Digital said a shift in its product mix toward low-end products and strong growth in workstation sales yielded lower gross margins . 
Everywhere , Kidder stresses the `` always working '' theme . 
Judge Harold C. Abramson raised the possibility after talks to end a feud between two major creditors failed and all three reorganization plans in the case ran into roadblocks . 
Earnings for GM common stock , reflecting the performance of GM 's core automotive operations , will be disclosed this morning . 
When Boyer met Robert Swanson , an M.I.T.-trained chemist-turned-entrepreneur in 1976 , they saw dollar signs . 
The stock market reacted strongly to the news . 
University of Michigan researchers find the companies earn more and win a bigger market share when their American employees get a voice in planning , product development and design , including decision-making back in Japan . 
It finished at 467.22 , down 3.45 . 
There are $ 46,245,000 of 7 % term bonds due 2009 , priced at 97 7\/8 to yield 7.20 % , and $ 64.9 million of 7.1 % term bonds due 2016 , priced at 98 1\/4 to yield 7.25 % . 
Having attained positions of real influence or wealth , these men constitute the Old Guard of New York City black politics ; they are less confrontational than the younger , more activist black political community that has been based largely in Brooklyn . 
But employing this kind of gut-wrenching plea to black consciousness makes it even more unusual . 
Mr. Jackson showed up at the affair to sign autographs for a fee as well . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
The broadcasting and newspaper concern , based in Chicago , said net was $ 62.7 million , or 77 cents a primary share , up from $ 51.6 million , or 69 cents a share . 
Officials of Vauxhall Motors Ltd. , GM 's British unit , were meeting with union leaders late yesterday in hopes of winning such an accord . 
Insisting on a 24.5 % share of any ceiling , Saudi officials have long pressed for the pro rata distribution of increases to all members . 
White House officials were delighted that the compromise includes the concept of a training wage , which Mr. Bush has fought for throughout the year . 
`` If you 're selling equities , you do n't start getting proceeds for five to seven days , '' said Frank Rachwalski , who manages the Kemper Money Market Fund . 
But Maidenform officials say that after spending 24 years at Maidenform , Mr. Lesk , 48 , made it clear he wanted the top job . 
First half ended , June 30 , 1989 : 
By move 21 , D.T. had fallen into a deep positional trap . 
Including Monday 's plunge , that has given the two executives paper losses of $ 49.5 million , based on what they would have realized had the pilots and management-led buy-out of UAL gone through at $ 300 a share . 
This fatuous statement was not taken seriously when enacted in 1972 , and should not now be confused with the operative provisions of the statute . 
That 's not all , he says . 
`` Absolutely , '' he said . 
Kia is reportedly also considering such a plan . 
Gabelli Group began raising its Milton Roy stake in July , and holds 14.6 % , according to a recent SEC filing . 
Officials also suspect that traffic benefited from steps by major employers to get workers to come in at odd hours , or that many workers are still staying at home . 
Consumers would still be able to buy some food and household goods at subsidized prices , but luxury and imported items , including food , would be sold at market prices . 
Separately , the hotel and gambling giant said it was proceeding with plans to make a tender offer and solicit consents with respect to approximately $ 1.4 billion of its publicly traded debt . 
Victor Wiener , the executive director of the Appraisers Association of America , agrees that Mr. Paul paid very dearly for the Rubens and adds that getting rid of it any time soon for a similar sum would be quite a feat . 
Glass sales to Canadian and European auto makers and sales of replacement auto glass in all markets increased . 
Sales rose 7 % to $ 3.8 billion . 
The defendants could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
The entertainment concern said the success of several movies released during the quarter , including `` Parenthood '' and `` Uncle Buck , '' contributed to record revenue for its film unit . 
Reprinted by permission . 
The $ 13 billion the Fed injected into the money markets after the 1987 crash is more than enough to buy all the stocks traded on a typical day . 
The Fed has plenty of responsibilities in times of market turmoil and in 1987 and again in 1989 it appears to have handled them well . 
Thomas Plaskett , Pan Am 's chairman , said the U.S. airline 's participation is a natural outgrowth of its current arrangements with Aeroflot to jointly operate nonstop New York-Moscow flights . 
TIMES SQUARE development opponents are dealt setback . 
Mr. Honecker spoke of `` generally valid objective laws of socialism '' and left no room for debate . 
Until then , they expect the cost of integrating the two carriers to continue crimping profits . 
Most other supercomputer manufacturers have yet to adopt the Posix standard , Mr. Paluck said , adding that they prefer to maintain proprietary systems that lock in customers . 
Unease is widespread among exchange members . 
The RICO law has come under criticism from some defendants and defense lawyers . 
Senate Commerce Committee Chairman Ernest Hollings ( D. , S.C. ) , who also chairs the Senate appropriations subcommittee for the department , attached $ 10 million for an advanced technology initiative , including work on high-definition television . 
The strikers voted to accept a series of management proposals that will give them a higher basic wage , better profit-sharing benefits and bigger annual bonuses . 
Rates approach 6.5 % on five-year municipals . 
For instance , Southland has expanded its bottled water selection in some stores and added fresh sandwiches in some outlets . 
`` We make the finest product in the world , and the Americans are being kicked around . '' 
No federal court has ruled that the Voting Rights Act protects a white minority , but in June the Justice Department approved a districting plan for Birmingham that carves out three white-majority districts and six black-majority districts . 
Aided by the fluid playing of the St. Louis Symphony under Leonard Slatkin 's direction , this `` Serenade '' really swings . 
A bill that would permit the Securities and Exchange Commission to monitor the financial condition of securities firms ' holding companies is facing tough opposition from some Wall Street firms , which argue that the legislation is unnecessary . 
Extraordinary general meetings , to be held Nov. 28 , will decide the share exchange ratio . 
John C. Dannemiller , executive vice president and chief operating officer , will become president and chief operating officer . 
This is the same production already seen in Paris and Florence , and its scenic ideas echo the movie he made with Placido Domingo and Teresa Stratas . 
Orkem and Coates said last Wednesday that the two were considering a merger , through Orkem 's British subsidiary , Orkem Coatings U.K. Ltd . 
Fujisawa Pharmaceutical gained 130 to 1,930 yen ( $ 13.64 ) a share , Mochida Pharmaceutical was up 150 at 4,170 , and Eisai advanced 60 to 2,360 . 
All the numbers are adjusted for seasonal fluctuations . 
If the figures show a hefty rise in inflation , they could militate against easing by the Fed . 
Citizens First Bancorp . Inc. said it agreed to buy Lakeland First Financial Group Inc. , a Succasunna , N.J. , bank holding company , for about $ 50.6 million in cash and stock . 
The company posted third-quarter earnings of 95 cents a share , down from $ 1.26 a year earlier . 
Paribas shares closed down 30 francs at 610 francs , and Navigation Mixte shares were suspended at 1,800 francs pending the outcome of the bid . 
2 ) Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in office -- dealing with national issues ( programmatic actions such as casting roll call votes on legislation that imposes costs and\/or confers benefits on the population at large ) and attending to local issues ( constituency service and pork barrel ) . 
He is warm and polished before a Puerto Rican Congress in Asbury Park . 
Along with the car , Wacoal plans to launch a series of Caspita-brand men 's underwear . 
How quickly things change . 
Capital Associates dropped 1 to 5 3\/8 . 
The machinists ' criticisms of the labor-management bid and their threats of a strike unless they received substantial wage increases this year helped cool banks ' interest in financing the transaction . 
But while index options are convenient , they have several disadvantages . 
`` If the person believes there 's an evil spirit , you ask it to be gone , '' he says . 
The CFTC said it will propose the restrictions after the release of a study that shows little economic benefit resulting from dual trading and cites `` problems '' associated with the practice . 
A state trial judge in Illinois gave preliminary approval to a proposed settlement of a suit against a Bank of New York Co. unit , Irving Trust Co. , over the interest rates on Irving 's former One Wall Street Account money-market deposit accounts . 
During the Korean War , Gen. Douglas MacArthur demanded and got , in addition to his U.N. command in Korea , his own naval command in Japan , NavforJapan . 
Macy reported a net loss for fiscal 1989 of $ 53.7 million compared with a net loss of $ 188.2 million for fiscal 1988 . 
Last month , program trading accounted for 20.9 million shares a day , or a record 13.8 % of the Big Board 's average daily volume . 
Compaq Computer nose-dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower-than-expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday . 
So do just about all the losses that could be attributed to the sheer incompetence of unqualified planners . 
BSB has 3.1 million shares outstanding . 
The Treasury is still working out the details with bank trade associations and the other government agencies that have a hand in fighting money laundering . 
More than half of the `` newly found '' net exports were from just a few service-sector categories . 
Shanghai Investment & Trust Co. , known as Sitco , is the city 's main financier for trading business . 
STUDENTS SHUN burger flipping for jobs tied to careers . 
And they say there are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts . 
In the first nine months , net rose 1.5 % , to $ 458.8 million , or $ 4.76 a share , from $ 452 million , or $ 4.50 a share , a year earlier . 
There is , after all , big money in environmentalism . 
Nevertheless , the 1989 deficit still exceeded the $ 136 billion target set by the Gramm-Rudman deficit-reduction law by $ 16 billion , a reminder of that law 's shortcomings . 
A 10-gallon water cooler had toppled onto the floor , soaking the red carpeting . 
A year ago , net was $ 170.4 million , or $ 1.93 a share , on revenue of $ 5.3 billion . 
`` That 's the biggest risk of all -- the risk of not meeting your objectives , '' says Steven B. Enright , a New York financial planner with Seidman Financial Services . 
His pledge , in a letter to Democratic Sen. Byrd , came ahead of an expected Senate vote on spending legislation containing the provision . 
`` No matter how competent and smart you both are , the relationship almost certainly will erode if you do n't have time to talk , to have fun and to be sexual , '' says Ms. Shaevitz . 
Judge Hancock did n't return phone calls . 
Traders estimated that Bear , Stearns bought more than 1 million shares . 
Sources close to the company and ad agencies that work with Meredith said leading advertisers in consumer electronics , packaged goods and automotive products were among those negotiating ad packages with the Meredith group . 
The fact that the agency will now be part of a U.K. company , under British accounting rules , will also make the profit picture look better . 
Bankruptcy experts said the law is n't clear on how such an arbitration ruling can affect a company 's case . 
Archive Corp. said it expects to report net income for its fiscal year ended Sept. 29 of a record $ 15 million , or $ 1.15 a share , up 43 % from $ 10.5 million , or 80 cents a share , for the prior year . 
They were disturbed at what they regarded as Dr. Baltimore 's confrontational attitude toward the Dingell committee , which held hearings on a dispute over the lab notebooks of a researcher who had co-authored a scientific paper with Dr. Baltimore . 
Nissan will build only about 3,500 of the $ 38,000 Infiniti Q45 sedans each month , sending about 2,000 of them to the U.S. and keeping the rest for sale in Japan . 
Sales increased in the quarter ended Sept. 30 to $ 747.8 million from $ 623.5 million a year ago . 
On Sept. 13 , Japan began a policy of screening boat people , accepting only those deemed to be political refugees . 
Meanwhile , several other major installations around the Valley -- America 's center of high-tech -- said they , too , fared as well as could be expected . 
The percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year , while the coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 365-day year . 
Its capital spending is growing at double-digit rates for the second year in a row , and its superefficient producers of everything from cars to computer chips are rushing to expand capacity , modernize factories and develop new products . 
He also held out little hope of restitution for purchasers of $ 225 million in American Continental subordinated debt . 
Coastal said the refinery 's expected daily production will include 34,000 barrels of jet fuel , 32,000 barrels of low-sulfur diesel fuel , 30,000 barrels of naphtha , 17,000 barrels of residual fuel oil , 8,000 barrels of asphalt and 25,000 barrels of low-sulfur catalytic cracker feedstock . 
The second source of error in growth statistics is the use of inappropriate deflators to adjust for price changes . 
Some of our sources in Thailand say the notorious old Khmer Rouge leader , Pol Pot , has been holed up this summer in Khmer Rouge camps near the Thai-Cambodian border . 
People got rich through takeovers in those days , as they do today . '' 
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds . 
Mr. Schwartz , the puckish planner from Englewood , Colo. , says that allowing the business to police itself would be `` like putting Dracula in charge of the blood bank . '' 
The system could be used in a fire or earthquake to locate problems , among other things . 
In 1987 , an average 19.7 % of Big Board volume was retail business , with the monthly level never more than 21.4 % . 
On Tuesday , the Tokyo stock price index of all first section issues was down 6.31 at 2681.22 . 
`` I do n't think there 's a lot in the wings '' in other sectors of the economy to keep growth above 1 % , he said . 
Following a tripling of earnings , to $ 3.9 million , on a doubling of revenue , to $ 116 million , over four years , earnings in the company 's fiscal first quarter , which ended June 30 , plunged 90 % to $ 45,000 . 
Healthy thrifts such as Columbia or the junk-bond market itself should have been so lucky . 
Gemina said in a statement that `` it reserves the right to take any action to protect its rights as a member of the syndicate . '' 
They took more than 25 % casualties ; journalists report that they faced minefields without mine detectors . 
So I think the conceptual base needs to be thought out in a different way . 
The daily volume for Treasury Securities is about $ 110 billion . 
Activity was brisk in the high-grade general obligation market , as a series of sell lists hit the Street and capped upward price movement in the sector . 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 700 million in new cash with the sale Tuesday of about $ 10 billion in two-year notes to redeem $ 9.29 billion in maturing notes . 
The crowd groans , Mr. Jones shakes his head , the Cowboys lose the game . 
The word `` death '' can not be escaped entirely by the industry , but salesmen dodge it wherever possible or cloak it in euphemisms , preferring to talk about `` savings '' and `` investment '' instead . 
The move had been widely expected . 
Japan says its economic growth will fall sharply if it cuts back on the use of oil , coal and gas to cap emissions of carbon dioxide . 
C. Barr Schuler , 49 , vice president and chief financial officer , was named senior vice president of corporate development and acquisitions , a new post . 
Treasury-bond prices immediately rallied , setting the stock market rolling from the opening bell . 
Calisto Tanzi , Odeon 's owner , will retain his 23.34 % stake . 
Baker had the good luck to arrive in 1925 Paris , where blacks had become exotic . 
But GM 's results also illustrate the increasing diversity of its operations . 
That would be comforting to fixed-income investors , many of whom were badly burned in the third quarter by incorrectly assuming that the Fed would ease . 
`` There is just so much going on that it 's difficult to pick just one factor that 's driving the market , '' said Ronald Ian Heller , vice president at First Chicago Capital Markets Inc. , a subsidiary of First Chicago Corp . 
Unisys posted a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter as it moved quickly to take write-offs for various problems and prepare for a turnaround . 
Regrettably , too , Mr. Ortiz resorts to the familiar `` numbers game '' when he boasts that `` fewer than 392 { state enterprises } currently remain in the public sector , '' down from the `` 1,155 public entities that existed in 1982 . 
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept . 
What does this mean for trade policy ? 
SHV , of the Netherlands , which last year merged its North Sea oil and gas operations with those of Calor Group PLC and which owns 40 % of Calor , was identified as a possible suitor for Burmah . 
An added feature is that the slighty improved return would be guaranteed by Prudential . 
And the United Arab Emirates , a chronic quota cheater , refused to give any guarantee it would change its ways . 
He believes in what he plays , and he plays superbly . 
Unfortunately , they are in the minority . 
Yesterday , the Dow Jones Industrial Average did a now familiar dance : It plunged 60.25 points before lunch , with most of the drop occurring in 25 minutes . 
In addition , White House aides think that there are numerous other important measures Democrats badly wanted passed -- such as the scaling back of a controversial catastrophic health-care plan for the elderly -- that might provide the president leverage in cutting deals with Democrats . 
`` We did n't take part in a lot of deals because their credit quality was poor , '' says a bank spokesman . 
`` I have to come here to read the walls , '' says the doctor , `` because it 's information I still ca n't get through the newspapers . '' 
The odd mix of departments in the bill makes it one of the more eclectic of the annual appropriations measures , and the assorted provisions attached by lawmakers run from $ 1.5 million for a fish farm in Arkansas to a music festival in Moscow under the United States Information Agency . 
Instead , even with the liabilities of two natural disasters in recent weeks , analysts said the total capital of the industry is likely to be higher at year end than it was at midyear . 
Similar steps would be taken to liquidate unprofitable state and collective farms by the end of 1991 . 
Huge fire from broken gas main in the Marina in SF . 
AIDS is n't considered a widespread problem in Japan -- the government reports about 1,000 known carriers of the virus -- but many companies have poured substantial resources into research in recent years , hoping to cash in on a possible cure . 
The move significantly expanded Black & Decker 's product line , but also significantly increased its debt load . 
But he emphasizes that Cathay has n't any interest in swapping equity stakes with the U.S. carrier or with Lufthansa , the West German airline with which it has cooperated for about a decade . 
Even before the huge new projects began , the Strip 's recent expansion squeezed smaller competitors . 
Tokyu Corp. was up 150 at 2890 . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled a sweetened pension and early-retirement program for management that it hopes will enable it to save $ 450 million in the next year . 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
Last week , following fruitless settlement talks , Warner , now merging with Time Inc. , filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against both Sony and Guber Peters . 
Such a countermove could end Jaguar 's hopes for remaining independent and British-owned . 
The noncallable issue , which has a one-time put Oct. 15 , 1999 , was priced at a spread of 66 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
And Mario Gabelli , another star in the investing world , says , `` My gut says the negatives of futures and synthetics far outweigh the benefits . '' 
The line seems awfully thin for criminal-law purposes . 
Colgate 's household products business , which includes such brands as Fab laundry detergent and Ajax cleanser , has been a weak performer . 
`` We feel there is an opportunity for an audience that is not being served by any network , so we want to take the lead , '' says KCRA 's general manager , John Kueneke . 
The effort to create the nation 's largest employee-owned company began unraveling Oct. 13 when the labor-management group was unable to obtain financing for its $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion offer . 
The Thousand Oaks , Calif.-based biotechnology company reported a 97 % increase in revenue to $ 42.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
Those are unwelcome trends in a year that the Dow Jones Industrial Average has risen 23 % so far , even with the 190.58-point plunge on Oct. 13 ; broader market measures are in the same neighborhood . 
PILING ON ? 
Yet they somehow think that Wall Street is indifferent to losing the tax cut that seemed so close Friday morning and is now problematic . 
He signed up for intelligence and counter-intelligence training under American officers at Fort Gulick in Panama in July 1967 , according to a copy of a 1983 resume with details Mr. Noriega has since classified as secret . 
In October doctors were debating the product 's safety , some claiming it caused infections . 
When Mr. Lang asked Mr. Lorin whether he had taken steps to have Mr. Laff killed , the witness again said no . 
But analysts estimate their trading profit at # 30 million . 
Pay raises of 60 % over the past three years have given many South Koreans the money to enjoy the things they were supplying the rest of the world . 
`` If you 're going to be consistent and say it is a constitutionally protected right , '' he asks , `` how are you going to say an upscale woman who can drive to the hospital or clinic in a nice car has a constitutional right and someone who is not in great shape financially does not ? '' 
In the industrial-gases segment , operating profit climbed to $ 87 million from $ 58 million . 
At the very least , it would appear that Sis is a poor judge of masculine charm . 
He said Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu also is studying the possibility of a visit to the two Eastern bloc nations and to Western Europe next January . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Dell closed yesterday at $ 6 a share , down 87.5 cents . 
Energy 
Emigration applications soared in 1985 , when Britain and China ratified their accord on Hong Kong 's future . 
The proposal reiterates the U.S. desire to scrap or reduce a host of trade-distorting subsidies on farm products . 
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations . 
Under the plan , NRM said holders of its common units will receive one share of new common stock in Edisto Resources Corp. for every 14.97 common units owned . 
It 's also a fast fix for an ailing image . 
Foothills Pipe Lines Ltd. filed an application with Canadian regulators to build a 4.4 billion Canadian dollar ( US$ 3.74 billion ) pipeline to transport natural gas from Canada 's Arctic to U.S. markets beginning in 
One former executive says , `` Nobody wanted that deal inside USX except Dave Roderick , '' who was a hunting and fishing buddy of William L. Hutchison , chairman of Texas Oil & Gas . 
Mr. Gaubert 's lawyer , Abbe David Lowell of Washington , D.C. , says the impact of the ruling on other cases involving thrift takeovers will depend on the degree of similarity in the facts . 
In passing the window , Senorita Elvira gives them a smile -- simply out of habit . 
`` There 's some price at which we 'd stop bidding . '' 
`` Frankly , I would n't expect the Japanese to get hooked on anybody 's technology , least of all the Soviets . '' 
When there are well problems , light problems , road problems , the government tells us to forget it . '' 
Moreover , state officials are urging freight haulers to bypass many of the area 's main highways and to travel late at night or during predawn hours . 
And $ 70.2 million would go to projects in Tennessee represented by his Senate counterpart and fellow Democrat , Sen. James Sasser . 
Analysts predicted that the move would further shake creditor confidence in Qintex Australia and force it to sell assets . 
He said only that the committee has not yet taken any position on Eastern 's reorganization plan and that the two sides were still negotiating . 
`` Bugs like this are just a normal part of product development , '' said Richard Archuleta , director of Hewlett-Packard Co. 's advanced systems development . 
Sitco had customarily tapped the Japanese bond market for funds , but it ca n't do that any longer . 
SUGAR : 
The trust , which was created as part of Manville 's bankruptcy-law reorganization to compensate victims of asbestos-related diseases , ultimately expects to receive $ 2.5 billion from Manville , but its cash flow from investments has so far lagged behind its payments to victims . 
`` We 've had dictation . '' 
GOP Sen. Specter of Pennsylvania said he would vote to acquit federal Judge Alcee Hastings in his impeachment trial on charges of perjury and bribery conspiracy . 
I had underestimated , however , both Mr. Gelbart 's wit and the persistence of scandal in Washington . 
Separately , the U.S. Embassy has filed three protests in as many days with China 's government , alleging harassment of diplomats and their families , an embassy source said . 
Mr. Zupan teaches at the University of Southern California 's business school . 
Officials for Sun Valley , Calif.-based Verit could n't be reached for comment . 
The papers , which Israel says were discovered in Israeli-occupied Gaza , refer to terrorist acts to be carried out in the name of a group called `` the Revolutionary Eagles . '' 
His hand on the monetary tiller seems one reason why the economy next month seems highly likely to begin an unprecedented eighth year of peacetime growth without a recession . 
The club plans to show nerdy movies , such as `` Real Genius , '' in which physics whizzes pop corn with lasers ; and naturally , the `` Revenge of the Nerds , '' a tale of college males with runny noses and ill-fitting pants . 
But investors who bought zero-coupon CDs in the secondary market are n't the only ones who may be surprised to learn the full amount of their investments is n't insured . 
Underwriters led by Lazard Brothers & Co. will pick up the rest of the airline 's offer of four convertible capital bonds for every nine common shares . 
IBM already participates in one industrywide effort to improve semiconductor-manufacturing techniques . 
`` It sounded like something out of Ian Fleming , '' Mr. Engelken recalls . 
It was worth it , just for the look on Albert 's face . '' 
`` It 's a vicious circle , '' says Art Modell , owner of the Cleveland Browns . 
`` I 'm not going to be stampeded into overreacting to any of this , President Bush told Mr. Apple in this week 's interview . 
Plump Beau , looking eager to please with his arched eyebrows and round face , plays the older brother , Frank . 
Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase . 
Mr. Kageyama suggests that Kotobuki Electronics Industries workers were having difficulty understanding their foreign bosses ' perspective . 
Thomas H. Johnson , president of the Coatedboard division of Mead Corp. , was named president of Manville Forest Products Corp. , a Manville unit , and senior vice president of Manville Corp . 
It virtually dictated how ships were to be built and it monitored commerce through a unrivaled intelligence network in ports around the globe . 
Officials at Options Clearing Corp. , which processes all options trades for U.S. exchanges , said that the $ 50 million guarantee was unprecedented , but was necessary to help insure the integrity of the options markets . 
Cairo 's spirited squalor also has gone gray . 
Of that amount , $ 20 million was payment for the land underneath the building and the rest was for the building itself . 
Applause for `` Sometimes , Talk Is the Best Medicine , '' in your Oct. 5 Marketplace section . 
The $ 3.18 billion bid , which had been rumored since last week , `` creates a better feeling that there 's value in the market at current levels and renews prospects for a hot tape , '' says A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research Corp . 
According to one London-based analyst , even higher interest rates wo n't help the pound if Britain 's government continues to appear unstable . 
The acquisitions , officials said in a letter to Mr. Paul , were `` unsafe , unsound and unauthorized . '' 
In fact , it 's barely begun for Mr. Corry , who faces tough decisions before he has had a chance to get settled into his new job . 
Mr. Kane became president and chief executive officer of U.S. Memories last June , when the group was formed by seven electronics companies : Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , Digital Equipment Corp. ; Hewlett-Packard Co. ; Intel Corp. ; International Business Machines Corp. ; LSI Logic Corp. and National Semiconductor Corp . 
Judge Sentelle , of the appeals court in Washington , made this point at a Cato Institute conference last week in a remarkable speech titled , `` RICO : The Monster That Ate Jurisprudence . '' 
At first glance , gold and utilities seem strange bedfellows . 
`` This city already has too many tourists , and it ca n't hold them all , '' says Pierluigi Beggiato , the president of the Venice hoteliers association . 
About a year ago , it ended an on-again , off-again internal production war that had put prices on a roller coaster and pitched oil towns from Houston to Caracas into recession . 
On his off-hours he wears cardigan sweaters . 
`` I cut my losses and ran , '' she says , from her new home in Colorado , where she is busy remodeling . 
He added that federal agents hope to recover at least half that amount . 
In addition , Revco 's 1,900 stores in 27 states represent a lot of real estate , he said , and demographics are helping pharmacies : The nation 's aging population will boost demand for prescription drugs . 
Remic mortgage securities was launched by a Morgan Stanley group . 
Axa has agreed to acquire Farmers from Sir James 's investment vehicle , Hoylake Investments Ltd. , for $ 4.5 billion plus a $ 1 billion investment in Hoylake . 
Mr. Beale commented that the mark remains well bid against other currencies as well . 
`` Most people think if you slip , you 'll wind up in a body cast . '' 
John C. Burton , an accounting professor at Columbia University 's Graduate School of Business , said `` there 's a lot of emotion involved in the name of an accounting firm with a long history and with roots in England , where accounting predates the U.S. . '' 
Hoechst AG said it will stop producing fertilizer in 1990 because of continued losses and a bleak outlook . 
Also mentioned as a contender was TBWA Advertising , but the company denied it was participating . 
At the moment , Poland resembles 19th-century Pittsburgh more than a modern industrial society -- with antiquated production , inadequate environmental management , and little ecological awareness . 
Many analysts said they were n't surprised that problems in many of Ryder 's lines of business continued to plague the company . 
In states that raised the speed limit on rural interstates , the fatality rate rose about 18 % to 1.7 deaths per 100 million miles traveled between 1986 and 1988 . 
The shortage of nurses is crimping profit at Personnel Pool , said the second money manager . 
Rep. Chalmers Wylie , an Ohio Republican , rallied to the cause : `` I think the gentlelady is making an important statement . 
HRH : 
About 40 Italian businesses , including Fiat S.p . A. and Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. , have formed a consortium to lobby for holding the expo in Venice . 
`` It may depend on whether there was an express or implied promise ... that the federal officials would not negligently cause the deterioration '' of Independent American , the court wrote . 
At the time , Mr. Gonzalez said several senators told him that they `` could get some roadblocks out of the way if there could be some understanding on Garn 's insistence on Wall . '' 
The trust also owns half of Manville 's 48 million common shares outstanding . 
The exchange argues that the product , which the SEC temporarily approved yesterday , will help ease rather than worsen any volatility in the stock market . 
Everybody was rubber-necking . '' 
As they conferred near East Berlin , a pro-democracy protest erupted in the Baltic city of Greifswald , and activists threatened further rallies against leader Krenz 's expected hard-line policies . 
Congress has just made it easier for the affluent to qualify for insured loans from the deficit-ridden Federal Housing Administration . 
`` My belief is always , if you 've got a settlement , you read it into the record . '' says Judge Jenkins , now known in his courthouse as `` Shake 'Em Down Jenkins . '' 
For the six months , the company reported a more than sixfold increase in earnings to $ 4.7 million , or 26 cents a share , from $ 625,000 , or four cents a share a year ago . 
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions . 
The Stick did n't fall . 
They immediately termed the proposal inadequate and said the restructuring would not solve the company 's problems . 
But MCI , of Washington , was displeased with the FCC decision concerning Tariff 12 , arguing that `` AT&T can not be allowed to flaunt FCC rules . '' 
`` A great many federal regulations are meant for larger entities and do n't really apply to small businesses , '' says Marian Jacob , a legislative aide to Sen. Wallop . 
The average dropped 6.40 to 1247.87 and has now lost 21.7 % of its value since the losing streak began Oct. 10 . 
GORBACHEV SAID Moscow wo n't intervene in East bloc moves to democracy . 
But `` the check arrived in the mail , '' said Stephen Kidder , Massachusetts Commissioner of Revenue . 
Have the freedoms of glasnost gone to Mr. Ovcharenko 's head ? 
`` It can be an avenue of entrance to a certain sector of society ... . 
Chemical Securities Inc. is acting as agent for the seller . 
Entertainment shows tend to cost twice that . 
For the six months ended Sept. 30 , Daiwa reported unconsolidated ( parent company ) net income of 79.03 billion yen ( $ 556.5 million ) on revenue of 332.38 billion yen ( $ 2.34 billion ) . 
All of which has enabled those of us in Washington who enjoy wallowing in such things to go into high public dudgeon , as Mr. Apple and I did the other night on ABC 's `` Nightline . '' 
Revco received the offer Oct. 20 , but issued a response yesterday only after a copy of the proposal was made public by bondholders . 
The system is the first to be sold through the joint marketing agreement between Cray and Control Data Corp . 
Now 's the time to make the political case that Presidents need the line-item weapon to restore discipline to the budget . 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena , Singapore branch ( Italian parent ) , via the Law Debenture Trust Corp. -- 
Consider , for example , what happened to Maxwell House coffee . 
Philip Morris Cos. posted a 20 % jump in third-quarter profit on a 45 % revenue increase , reflecting strength in the company 's cigarette , food and brewing businesses . 
Dealers and auction houses `` know if they do n't lay out a half a million for this , another one will ; it 's that competitive . '' 
Added Mark Rogers of Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. : `` It 's much easier to be second . '' 
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Investment analysts generally agree . 
The benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at 100 28\/32 to yield 8.04 % , compared with 101 19\/32 to yield 7.97 % Monday . 
The current liberalization and decentralization of foreign trade would be taken much further . 
Eagle 's management retired and Biny 's management took control of the company . 
Wall Street generally likes the industry again . 
Both of these mines are normally major suppliers of copper to Japan , which has been buying copper on the world market . 
The London Times said she had `` contravened protocol . '' 
And like college radicals everywhere , they are talking about a demonstration -- where protesters would gather quietly near the science building and raise their hands , classroom style . 
The merged agency will include Della Femina McNamee based in New York , Eurocom 's various agencies in France , the Belier Group in Europe and WCRS 's other advertising and direct marketing operations . 
Chrysler 's operating profit fell to a scant $ 22 million , or 10 cents a share , its lowest quarterly total in seven years . 
The company , which also will omit its second-half dividend , did n't specify the size . 
Two bills in Congress hope to make such restrictions national . 
The new converters are `` a critical link between film and the television domain , '' says Joerg D. Agin , vice president and general manager of Kodak 's Motion Picture and Audiovisual Products division . 
Neither technique is perfect , but both are better than the current system , which misstates the costs of new credit programs by amounts that vary substantially and average about $ 20 billion annually , according to the Congressional Budget Office . 
Robert White , manager of corporate trading at First Interstate of California , called the market `` psychologically pro-mark , '' noting that the U.S. remains a `` veritable grab bag '' for Japanese investors which accounts for the unabated demand for U.S. dollars . 
Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible . 
`` It 's no longer enough to beat the guy down the street . 
`` We 're going to see another big wave of failures and defaults between now and year-end ... . 
A series of recent acquisitions made it the dominant magazine publisher in Quebec . 
If a bank 's credit rating was lowered because of , say , its loans to Third World nations , that could also affect the ratings , liquidity and prices of the asset-backed issues that the bank supports . 
For the third quarter , Rubbermaid earned $ 32.6 million , or 44 cents a share , up 16 % from $ 28.1 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
But , `` You never can tell , '' he added , `` you have to take advantage of opportunities . 
But officials in Rome say the issue was legally resolved by a settlement between Italy and King Idris , deposed by Col. Muammar Gadhafi in 1969 . 
Buyers with $ 6 million to spend can select from 11 designs , including a Mediterranean-inspired California style , a traditional Yankee look and designs inspired by Midwestern architect Frank Lloyd Wright . 
Corporate lobbyist Charls Walker is planning a spring conference to discuss what tax changes to make to improve `` competitiveness . '' 
As previously reported , Helionetics emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy-law protection in February . 
The current dispute involves allegations that Charlotte , N.C.-based First Union has n't lived up to its responsibilities under the reinvestment act . 
The government currently is subsidizing an estimated 23,000 loans above 11 % under the 235 program , and however disruptive to private investors , the refinancing is expected to yield at least $ 15 million in savings in fiscal 1990 . 
Rising office vacancy rates in Fairfield County , Conn. , have builders and bankers scrambling to restructure loans . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.53 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.30 % six months . 
HUGO'S BLAST generates pleas for aid from South Carolina small businesses . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Philip Morris shares closed yesterday at $ 43.50 each , down $ 1 . 
The split comes in the midst of a court battle over whether the San Diego Yacht Club should be allowed to keep the international trophy for sailing a catamaran against the New Zealand challengers ' 90-foot monohull . 
But Mr. Levine had said the p53 gene caused cancer by promoting growth , whereas the Johns Hopkins scientists were looking for a gene that suppressed growth . 
But we are , in reality , witnessing the continuing decline of the political economy of capitalism : not so much the end of history but the history of the end . 
The new reports of sluggishness , which were foreshadowed by an earlier Labor Department report that manufacturing payrolls dropped by 105,000 in September , give the Fed another reason to further ease its grip on credit and lower interest rates . 
Mr. Gonzalez also has split with the left in reaffirming Spain 's NATO commitment and in renewing a defense treaty with the U.S. . 
He is now president of Eastate Homes Inc. , an Indianapolis contractor . 
To keep the exchange rate pegged , Mr. Lawson tightened monetary policy and pushed interest rates up to 15 % . 
What 's more , he thinks this could be a nastier recession than usual : `` Once the downturn comes , it 's going to be very hard to reverse . '' 
It also is trying to shore up its tobacco business . 
He gave up seven hits , walked five and did n't get a decision . 
`` A key part of the question is , how soon does this disk-drive come and how soon does production ramp up ? '' said Steve Cohen at SoundView Financial Group . 
ONE DAY Carl Barrett of Mobile , Ala. , was raking some sycamore leaves , but the rake kept riding up over the piles . 
Mr. Phelan has had difficulty convincing the public that the Big Board is serious about curbing volatility , especially as the exchange clearly relishes its role as the home for $ 200 billion in stock-index funds , which buy huge baskets of stocks to mimic popular stock-market indexes like the Standard & Poor 's 500 , and which sometimes employ program trading . 
The firm was indicted in Tampa , Fla. , on money-laundering charges . 
He then made most of the changes , pilots say . 
The computer processes 55 million instructions per second and uses only one central processing chip , unlike many rival machines using several processors . 
WHO 'S NEWS : 
Stung by higher marketing costs and slowing volume growth , the giant Coke bottling operation said net fell to $ 12.7 million , or six cents a share , from $ 39.9 million , or 26 cents a share , the year earlier . 
It reduces the baseline by $ 169 billion . 
A domestic foreign exchange market would be set up as part of an overhaul of the nation 's banking system . 
As Mr. Bronner himself says , the smell of `` raw meat '' was in the air . 
On U.S.-Japan relations : `` I 'm encouraged . 
There is plenty of work to be done on what we have . 
Bond prices were little changed in sluggish activity . 
Shell Oil 
Coca-Cola Co. said it produced a new version of its 1971 `` I 'd like to teach the world to sing '' commercial . 
Chugoku Electric Power Co . ( Japan ) -- 
Another recently offered Alex . Brown issue , Rally 's , surged 3 1\/8 to 23 . 
This morning as I drove the 13 miles to my law office and endured the routine heavy traffic during that twice-daily journey , I thought of how fortunate it was that we made the decision to be residents of an expanding community with so many opportunities and where so much is happening . 
`` But the customer does n't want that . '' 
`` Sometimes , with the release of stress , you hear ` oohs ' and ` ahs ' coming out of the room , '' explains Morgan Banks , the agency 's health specialist . 
The 1987 highway bill permitted states to raise the speed limit to 65 mph from 55 mph on interstate roads , which are defined as highways that pass through areas with fewer than 50,000 people . 
Last year , more than 1,800 traders on the CBOE bought and sold 112 million contracts on 178 listed stocks , 60 % of all U.S. listed options trading . 
Foreign Presence 
We know Verdi 's own contribution was mighty impressive since the operatic `` Libera me '' was reworked for the Manzoni Requiem , of which he wrote every note himself having learned his lesson . 
Luis Nogales , 45 years old , has been elected to the board of this brewer . 
The apparel holding company had sales in the quarter ended Aug. 27 of $ 1 billion , up 12 % from $ 908.8 million a year ago . 
As it bids for new agreements , new loans and indeed admission to the civilized world , the Soviet government has recognized it has a credibility problem . 
That was before the 1986 tax `` reform '' made taxes more complex than ever . 
A Taiwanese steelmaker recently announced plans to build a Nucor-like plant . 
During the term , the lender can either receive a percentage of cash flow , a percentage of the building 's appreciation or a fixed return . 
More troubling for Mr. Dinkins is his record in personal accounting . 
The lawyers went to work anyway , duly noting that the proceeding was taking place during a major earthquake . 
`` If you look at 75 years worth of investment history -- including the Great Depression and every bear market since -- stocks have outperformed almost everything an individual could have owned by a long shot , '' says Barry Berlin , vice president at First Wachovia Capital Management . 
He cut her hair . 
Under Chapter 7 , the assets of a company are sold off to pay creditors . 
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment . 
In one of the first indoor air-pollution cases to go to trial , a state-court jury decided in favor of the defendant , Burlington Industries Inc . 
Claude Bebear , chairman and chief executive officer , of Axa-Midi Assurances , pledged to retain employees and management of Farmers Group Inc. , including Leo E. Denlea Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer , if Axa succeeds in acquiring Farmers . 
Opinion is mixed over its three-month prospects . 
Democratic leaders have bottled up President Bush 's capital-gains tax cut in the Senate and may be able to prevent a vote on the issue indefinitely . 
After being whipsawed by a volatile stock market , Treasury bonds closed higher . 
If the economy turns down , such proposals could gain strong momentum . 
Administration pressure discourages any effort to add to total funding , and the Senate changes are expected to be largely technical -- dealing with highway aid and lifting the ceiling on total Small Business Administration loans to $ 1.8 billion to accommodate the increased activity expected . 
The administration proposed only $ 57 million in so-called economic support funds for Costa Rica this year , down from the $ 90 million the U.S. provided last year . 
Under a 1981 Missouri law , persons accused of some crimes , including trespassing , may offer a defense that their actions were justified `` as an emergency measure to avoid an imminent public or private injury . '' 
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell-off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around . 
We had great success in Somalia . 
`` I do n't think it will lead to any chaos in the secondary market , '' says Mr. Patel , `` only a sagging tendency . '' 
The trust then issues securities -- generally due in five years or less -- that are underwritten by Wall Street brokerage firms and offered to investors . 
The exchange should take a pro-active position . '' 
Bishops usually are worth slightly more than knights , but in this case Mr. Kasparov was left with a very dangerous knight and D.T. 's surviving bishop was reduced to passivity . 
Galveston-Houston makes and markets products for the construction , mining and energy industries . 
Fundamental factors are at work as well . 
Until then , the billions HUD spends on inner-city housing simply is wasted . 
Paramount said the gain would be recorded in its fourth quarter , which ended yesterday . 
In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities . 
`` I think employers are really going to be the ones to push for major change , '' says Sharon Canner , a health expert at NAM . 
It is true that both are non-violent , but there is a fundamental difference between them . 
Allstate is expected to absorb another big hit in the fourth quarter as claims pour in from the San Francisco earthquake . 
Mr. Rifenburgh said such statements should be ready by the end of November . 
It 's a mystery how this could have escaped the notice of Nebraska coaches . 
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said . 
Thousands remained homeless . 
Much of the money was switched into the firm 's money market funds . 
The earthquake 's toll , including possible deep structural damage , goes far beyond the more easily observed damage from a hurricane , says George Reider , a vice president in Aetna Life & Casualty Insurance Co. 's claims division . 
Most of the expenses stem from the company 's huge Mirage resort-casino scheduled to open next month along the Strip , and an April 1989 financing by units operating the downtown Golden Nugget property . 
As Conservatives rally around Mrs. Thatcher during the crisis , many harbor hopes last week 's debacle will prompt change . 
Ms. Raptopoulos thought yesterday 's price action reflected weakness in the stock market and the dollar . 
Evidence of the growing Japanese demand for mortgage securities abounds . 
Hyundai Motor Co. of South Korea has its first-ever exhibit in Tokyo . 
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction . 
( A settlement was reached but was n't made public . ) 
-- FINANCES . 
Does Mr. Steinhardt regret his incursion into the takeover-threat game ? 
In the meantime , the arbs are bleeding . 
Sen. Mitchell said that congressional Democrats intend to honor the March agreement to give non-lethal support to the Contras through the February elections , although he added that the agreement requires that the Contras not initiate any military action . 
In national over-the-counter trading , the company closed yesterday at $ 23.25 a share , down 25 cents . 
The aim , ultimately , is to increase the flow of information into a manufacturer 's main computer network for use in business planning , marketing and other operations . 
Furthermore , Mr. Smith added , `` our contract with our pilots says that we will manage our fleet operations with their advice . 
They added that market-makers were knocking share prices down in midafternoon in a bid to attract some interest , but the action largely helped open the way for London 's late declines . 
As of Aug. 31 , thrifts held $ 185 billion in mortgage-backed securities . 
The 1981 novel `` Wedding Song '' also is experimental , and another badly aimed bullet . 
Gasoline terminals were also largely unhurt , they said . 
On top of that , the Blue Bell , Pa. , concern took a $ 230 million charge related to the layoffs of 8,000 employees . 
Starting next month , Eastern will begin flying 775 flights daily instead of the previously announced 700 , they said . 
The venture , which involves adding sophisticated equipment to make cast-iron mill rolls , is part of a two-pronged effort to shore up a division that has posted continuing operating losses for several years . 
In February 1988 , for example , Merrill Lynch 's weekly commentary announced that `` the economy is likely to fall into recession in early 1989 . '' 
Sales rose 25 % to $ 3.90 billion from $ 3.13 billion . 
Even Lloyd 's specialty -- unusually risky ventures -- is being challenged . 
It came to light that a substantial number of Rockefeller 's faculty were upset over or even opposed to Dr. Baltimore 's impending appointment . 
Harken , which made its offer in August , said it still is awaiting a response to its offer from Tesoro 's board . 
It 's no secret that Block dominates the mass-market tax-preparation business . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
`` Shortage '' and `` crisis '' became buzz words , although neither really applied . 
Similarly , the House agreed to add back $ 62 million to continue work on the advanced communications technology satellite , being developed by General Electric Co . 
`` The company 's stock is trading at 40 times next year 's numbers , and that 's too much , '' she said . 
The company said it may install additional processing units at the refinery to produce higher octane gasolines and other products . 
Once a jury is selected , the consultants often continue to determine what the jurors ' attitudes are likely to be and help shape the lawyers ' presentation accordingly . 
I do n't know if this would have happened somewhere else . '' 
`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at a price of 99 26\/32 to yield 8 % , compared with 99 25\/32 to yield 8.01 % . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , which plunged more than 80 points in early trading Tuesday and then recovered nearly all of its losses by the close , fell 5.94 to 2653.28 in the latest session . 
More shirts and sweaters will be laid out on tables , instead of sitting behind glass cases , so that customers can `` walk up and touch them , '' Mr. Roberti says . 
The Allianz statement led to speculation that Allianz eventually could sell to Paribas . 
Redland International Funding PLC ( U.K. parent ) -- 150 million Australian dollars of 15 3\/8 % bonds due Nov. 8 , 1996 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 15.44 % less full fees , via JP Morgan Securities Ltd . 
Mr. Blair and Hees have been feuding for months . 
The biotechnology concern said the agreement between its longtime West German distributor , Boehringer-Ingleheim 's Dr. Karl Thomae G.m.b.H. subsidiary , and Hoechst 's Behringwerke subsidiary was an attempt to expand the market for blood-clot drugs in general . 
The new B.A.T will be a smaller tobacco and financial-services hybrid whose price-earnings ratio may more closely reflect the lower-growth tobacco business than the higher-multiple financial-services business , these holders believe . 
These units were handling calls both from people in the San Francisco area and from computers themselves , which are set to dial Digital automatically when trouble arises . 
Even if you 're healthy and can renew , your premium will go up sharply because you 're that much older . 
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact . 
Mr. Kloves has put together some priceless moments . 
The nation 's holdings of foreign currencies increased $ 5.67 billion in September to $ 39.08 billion , while its gold reserves were virtually unchanged at $ 11.07 billion . 
But is he so clever that he has achieved the political equivalent of making water run uphill ? 
Warned he was to be jailed again , he fled to the countryside . 
Japanese government bonds continued to erode as the dollar remained resilient against the yen . 
Last year 's appeals court decision , for instance , spawned several suits , reportedly including a recent action by the heirs of singer Bobby Darin against McDonald 's Corp. over its `` Mac Tonight '' TV commercials , a rough parody of Mr. Darin 's `` Mack the Knife '' trademark . 
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . '' 
Among other things , the brief cited insufficient evidence . 
In the series , Virgil Tibbs ( Howard Rollins ) and his wife , Althea ( Anne-Marie Johnson ) have settled in Sparta , Miss . 
They use 60 % more fertilizer per acre , twice the high-grade feed . 
Ownership , it seems , is the best fertilizer . 
In the aftermath of the Beijing massacre on June 4 , economists advanced wildly divergent views on how Hong Kong would be affected . 
A man in a wheelchair was gunned down in the crossfire of a Miami drug battle . 
National Semiconductor is getting ferroelectric technology from Krysalis Corp. in Albuquerque , N.M . 
As followers of the debate over a capital-gains tax cut know , there is much talk in Congress and indeed all over Washington about the need to `` encourage '' long-term investment and discourage the financial sector 's presumed obsession with the short term . 
Officials also disclosed it 's possible that NEC may reduce domestic production of one-megabit chips to five million a month from six million , beginning January , because of deteriorating market prices . 
The broadcast and publishing company reported net climbed to $ 80.8 million , or $ 4.56 a share , from $ 62.6 million , or $ 3.55 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
But given such strong brand disloyalty , some marketers are putting renewed emphasis on image advertising . 
`` Get caught and you 're dead in the water , '' says Mr. Thal . 
What could imply more safety than investing in government bonds ? 
This city does n't work that way . '' 
Hambros rose 5 to 204 , and Schroders rose 25 to # 12.75 . 
Conservationists say that drift-net fishing threatens to wipe out much of the world 's tuna stocks in a few years . 
He wants to continue being a low-paid private eye , and she wants him to live off the million dollars she 's settled on him . 
But in 1986 Congress sharply reduced the number of people who could qualify for its benefits and IRA tax-deductions slowed their roaring growth . 
Loral also reported that its bookings more than doubled to $ 654 million in the quarter , ended Sept. 30 , from $ 257 million , in the year-before period . 
`` Wage increases and overall compensation increases are beginning to curl upward a little bit , '' said Audrey Freedman , a labor economist at the Conference Board , a business research organization . 
Some supporters were stunned this summer when Mr. Dinkins suggested weakening the law forbidding public employees to go on strike . 
That is usually measured by the standard deviation , or divergence , of annual results from the average return over time . 
We have seen her develop within a few hours from a shy and unknown in-law to a goddess of the flesh who will replace the dead mother , and then some . 
It also could convert glucose from farm wastes into edible protein . 
A Hewlett-Packard spokeswoman said that , while `` things are a big mess , '' some 18,000 Valley employees have been called back to work today . 
So they opted for IRA , naming it after Ira Cohen , a brilliant IRS actuary who helped them . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. -- $ 125 million of 6 3\/8 % convertible subordinated debentures due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 84.90 to yield 7.51 % . 
Meanwhile , a federal jury found Mr. Bilzerian guilty on securities fraud and other charges in June . 
Transport rates wo n't be an opportunity for offsetting cost increases in other segments of the economy . '' 
The Mouth is back . 
More than 100 people were injured , and a number of workers were missing . 
`` I transmitted my conversations to the White House , '' Prof. Lee says . 
McCormick Capital Inc. said the final proration factor was 0.628394 on its oversubscribed , $ 3-a-share tender offer to buy back as many as 1.1 million of its common shares . 
DREXEL BURNHAM LAMBERT Inc. agreed to pay a $ 50,000 fine to Delaware , the 26th state to settle with Drexel in the wake of the firm 's guilty plea to federal insider-trading charges . 
For the first nine months of the year , Hasbro 's net income rose 33 % to $ 68.2 million , or $ 1.15 a share , from $ 51.3 million , or 88 cents a share , on a 3.1 % increase in revenue to $ 992.7 million from $ 963 million a year earlier . 
In addition , Sanford Grossman , a Wharton School finance professor , says volatile jumps in stock prices will continue as long as liquidity falls short of the voracious demands of institutions `` who can go out and say ` I have a billion dollars of stocks to sell . ' '' 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
And some fund groups said investors actually became net buyers . 
Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday . 
Elected as directors were Mr. Hollander , Frederick Ezekiel , Frederick Ross , Arthur B. Crozier and Rose Pothier . 
The company attributed the earnings drop to lower volume related to seasonal demand and the soft consumer durable market , especially in the automotive sector . 
Bruce W. Wilkinson , president and chief executive officer , was named to the additional post of chairman of this architectural and design services concern . 
The other lawyer in the office is partner Robert A. Macari , the firm 's legislative director . 
Mr. Hoelzer did n't return phone calls seeking comment on the judge 's decision . 
Aeroflot could lease some of its cargo planes to Aer Lingus , through GPA , for a joint-venture cargo airline . 
`` Give me four or five more Series with these guys , and I do n't care if I ever win a Cy Young , '' he said , in reference to baseball 's best-pitcher award . 
A slowing economy and the implication of lower inflation and interest rates tend to bolster bond prices . 
In 1986 Congress strengthened the penalty by making it a felony . 
Sansui , he said , is a perfect fit for Polly Peck 's electronics operations , which make televisions , videocassette recorders , microwaves and other products on an `` original equipment maker '' basis for sale under other companies ' brand names . 
Polaroid Corp. 's patent-infringement damages case against Eastman Kodak Co. , one of the highest stakes corporate trials ever , is getting scant attention on Wall Street . 
Global offshore-rig use shows a similar upward trend . 
Mr. Mahfouz 's Cairo also has Sufi sheiks and saintly wives who look to God , not crime , for their salvation . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5820 , up from $ 1.5795 late Friday . 
The typical healthy heart beats 70 times a minute . 
Maidenform Inc. loves to be intimate with its customers , but not with the rest of the public . 
In August , the company warned investors that the acquisition was being delayed , and many customers were holding off on purchase decisions until the takeover was completed . 
The drop , following a 6.2 % decline in August , indicates the industry is still being hurt by the Fed 's anti-inflation battle . 
Wang got into financial trouble because of bloated overhead and overly optimistic sales forecasts . 
Pending an appeal by the New Zealand team , led by Michael Fay , the finals for the next Cup challenge are scheduled to be held in mid-1992 in San Diego . 
Robert H. Carlson , previous president and chief executive of Universal-Rundle , will assume the title of chairman of the unit , a vitreous-china maker . 
The computer equipment and financial services company said IATA , a trade group , will sell access to the package to its 180 airline members world-wide . 
People were interested in seeing him , but it was recognized that the route was through Sotheby 's and particularly George Wachter . '' 
It 's a world leader in auto manufacturing , but its aviation industry is struggling , and its space program is years behind the U.S. , the Europeans and the Soviets . 
J.C. Penney Co. , which relocated from New York to suburban Dallas two years ago , gently wraps itself in Texas pride through a full-page magazine ad : `` Taking the long-range view to conserve what is of value to future generations is part of the Lone Star lifestyle , '' the ad reads . 
Michael Foods has attracted a good many short-sellers , the people who sell borrowed shares in a bet that a stock price will drop and allow the return of cheaper shares to the lender . 
This bias is in no way deliberate . 
In the third quarter , the implicit price deflator fell to 2.9 % of the 1982 average , from 4.6 % in the previous quarter . 
Also , debt holders would be offered an equity position in Leaseway , which in total would represent a controlling interest in the company . 
Mr. Icahn , who played a key role in the settlement and attempted subsequently to take control of the company , sold his stake in Texaco just last summer . 
The Supreme Court is scheduled to consider the case Nov. 3 and may issue a decision as early as Nov. 6 . 
This film did emphasize how long the Israeli\/Palestinian stalemate has existed by tracing the conflict to the days of World War I when the British tried to guarantee both a Jewish state and a Palestinian state without specifying how it was to be done . 
Instead , he said in an interview , he is looking for ways to exploit France 's network of 39,000 tobacco agents , most of them cafes . 
Yesterday 's conference agreement is the second major bill to emerge from negotiations this week , as appropriators approved a fiscal 1990 transportation bill late Monday that includes a sweeping ban on smoking on most domestic airline flights . 
Later , the government reclassified several basic petrochemicals as secondary products . 
Mr. Bush said that he initiated talks with the Soviets on the informal meeting by sending a proposal to Mr. Gorbachev last July , which the Soviet leader readily accepted . 
He called the sour loans `` appalling '' and added , `` You opened the file up and it just jumped at you . '' 
Ten of the plant 's workers were injured when the quake hit about a half-hour into the afternoon shift ; seven were hospitalized . 
It is n't surprising that President Bush has n't led a crusade to pump up the Contras or SDI . 
There are better ways to promote a cause . 
Repression : emote control . 
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug-related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far . 
Many investors blame program trading for wild swings in the stock market , including the 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Oct. 13 . 
At Grumman 's Aircraft Systems Division , a cross-functional team reduced the cycle time required to produce a new business proposal for an important government contract . 
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business . 
American Express Co. posted a 21 % increase in third quarter net income despite a sharp rise in reserves for Third World loans at its banking unit . 
It said the maximum cost of the plan would be $ 9.7 million . 
According to Mr. Threlkeld , the bottleneck in copper production is n't at the mines but at the copper refineries . 
Trelleborg plans to remain the dominant shareholder with stakes of slightly less than 50 % of both units . 
Lonrho PLC of Britain is to come to the rescue of the French distribution group Societe Commerciale de l'Ouest Africaine in an operation that has been engineered with the Paribas financial group , Societe Commerciale 's main shareholder . 
Mesa Airlines said the takeover offer it received earlier this week from StatesWest Airlines is for a combination of cash and securities valued by StatesWest at $ 10 a Mesa share . 
It prompted an IRS study that found many sellers were concealing income and treating large amounts of nondeductible travel and other personal expenses as business costs , Mr. Washburn says . 
For example , P&G up until now has n't sold coffee to airlines and does only limited business with hotels and large restaurant chains . 
Then , a scientific team led by molecular geneticist Webster Cavenee , then at the University of Utah , found the answer . 
That 's because the male part , the tassel , and the female , the ear , are some distance apart on the corn plant . 
The reason : overload , especially of non-subscription magazines . 
Minpeco said it would n't pursue such litigation if its settlement plan in the W. Herbert Hunt case is approved by Judge Abramson , who will consider the proposal at a hearing next week . 
The market has grown relatively quiet since the China crisis . 
For the nine months , net increased 4.4 % to $ 2.08 billion , or $ 2.25 a share , from $ 2 billion , which included $ 273 million reflecting the effect of an accounting change . 
Those activities generated $ 26.1 million in operating profit last year . 
`` When you leave the room after your massage , people say you look like you 're glowing . '' 
Yesterday , Joel Zweibel , an attorney for Eastern 's creditors committee , declined to comment on whether the experts had ever been instructed to look at other choices and whether they now were asked not to . 
Says a European strategist : `` The U.S. tends to look at Eastern Europe { not including the Soviet Union } as Europe looks at Latin America : important but far away . 
Four of those insiders sold more than half their holdings . 
Tiger itself was founded by a band of gungho airmen who had airlifted supplies `` over the Hump '' from India to China during World War II . 
The local American Legion color guard led the way . 
The doctor was among dozens of people milling through East Berlin 's Gethsemane Church Saturday morning . 
In the year earlier period , the New York parent of Republic National Bank had net income of $ 38.7 million , or $ 1.12 a share . 
Mr. Sloan praises the company as recession resistant and notes that it has an annual earnings growth rate of 32 % a year over the past five years . 
Its shares slid in late dealings to close a penny per share lower at 197 pence . 
The computer giant , whose U.S. results have been dismal for years , noted that revenue rose again in the U.S. in the third quarter , following an increase in the second period . 
Commodore has assembled an experienced management team , it has persuaded many more dealers to carry its products and it has unleashed a slick advertising campaign . 
BRIEFS : 
The rise resulted from the transfer to non-accrual status of $ 96 million `` owed by two national borrowers and one local commercial real-estate customer , '' First Fidelity said . 
Names of possible deputies that have surfaced include former mayoral candidate Richard Ravitch , former schools chancellor Frank Macchiarola and Messrs. Leventhal and Gliedman . 
Mr. Birnbaum recalls that Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters shifted into high gear a few years back upon learning that they had competition for the story of the murdered naturalist Dian Fossey , which became `` Gorillas in the Mist . '' 
Still , two-thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios , says Brian Mattes , a vice president . 
British brewers currently own thousands of pubs , which in turn sell only the breweries ' beer and soft drinks . 
The offering , Series 1989-82 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 1\/2 % securities and used at-market pricing . 
Located six miles northeast of Venice , the field contains 875 billion cubic feet of methane gas - one-tenth of Italy 's reserves . 
In his review of `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung , '' Tom Shales , the TV critic of the Washington Post and generally an admirer of CBS , wrote that while the show is `` impressive , ... one has to wonder if this is the proper direction for a network news division to take . '' 
The size of the issue was decreased from an originally planned $ 95.2 million . 
With uncertainty still hanging over interest rates and the dollar , the market failed to find a focus that might lead to further investor commitments , they said . 
Most recently he had been executive vice president for planning and finance at Texas Air . 
Government entities , continues Mr. Ruvolo , could be protected by the California Government Tort Liability Act . 
The government may ease repression in some areas , but it still keeps a tight grip in others . 
Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson downplayed the importance of the announcement , and called any comparison between the coming beer-industry tiff and the seemingly unending `` cola wars , '' unwarranted . 
Two years later , he opened one in West Germany . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Wilfred fell 6.25 cents to 93.75 cents a share . 
Moody 's also confirmed the Prime-1 rating , its highest , on CS First Boston 's commercial paper , or short-term corporate IOUs . 
Last month , Mr. Friend says , Mr. Alexander 's associate agreed that Derr would pay $ 50,000 as part of an overall settlement . 
With investment banking as Kidder 's `` lead business , '' where do Kidder 's 42-branch brokerage network and its 1,400 brokers fit in ? 
That includes his companion of 15 years , Johanna Lawrenson , as well as his former wife , Anita . 
The consumer electronics , home appliances and information-processing concern said revenue in the six months ended Sept. 30 rose 8.9 % to 517.85 billion yen from 475.6 billion yen . 
Computer Sciences Corp. , El Segundo , Calif. , said the National Aeronautics and Space Administration will negotiate details of a contract valued at about $ 170 million to provide software for the Ames Research Center . 
They question whether the IMF has any role in developing countries , given its original mandate to assist industrial countries in balance-of-payments emergencies . 
In such positions , he explained , `` you have to create something new , and the computer is n't able to do that right now . '' 
He would ease the proposed penalties for delayed payroll-tax deposits and for faulty Form 1099 and other reports that taxpayers correct voluntarily . 
Mr. Koskotas is fighting extradition proceedings that would return him to Greece , where he is charged with embezzling more than $ 250 million from the Bank of Crete . 
Securities of MeraBank were placed under review last May , and will remain under review for downgrade , the agency said . 
Mr. McDonough thinks of the center as the `` Eiffel Tower of Warsaw '' and `` a symbol of the resurgence of Poland . '' 
Moreover , after 26 years at Ogilvy he had honed a reputation for being squeaky-clean and a straight arrow -- which can only help American Express in the wake of the Safra incident . 
Two other firms , Ovonic Imaging Systems Inc. of Troy , Mich. , and Magnascreen Corp. of Pittsburgh are developing a variation of the flat-panel screens called active-matrix liquid crystal displays . 
Cast as Violetta Valery in a new production of Verdi 's `` La Traviata , '' Ms. Gruberova last week did many things nicely and others not so well . 
They , too , promised to combine economic efficiency with order and discipline . 
`` It was an overreaction to an event { the failure of a management and union group to get bank financing for a takeover of UAL } that does n't mean that much to lots of stocks . '' 
The plan creates a new category of students from `` socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds , '' a concept not yet defined , and gives them about 10 % of the class . 
The five-member Atlantis crew will conduct several experiments , including growing plants and processing polymeric materials in space , before their scheduled landing at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif. , Monday . 
It switched to a caffeine-free formula using its new Coke in 1985 . 
Exxon said it will build a new headquarters on a 132-acre tract in the 10-year-old Las Colinas complex in the suburb of Irving . 
In magazines , higher advertising revenues at Sports Illustrated and Fortune were offset by lower ad revenue for other major magazines . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
After all , Mr. Muniak says , `` in Poland there are n't too many people worried about the environment . 
Parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school . 
BNL also said that its board had approved `` after an in-depth discussion , '' a letter to the Bank of Italy outlining measures the state-owned bank has taken or plans to take to improve controls on its foreign branches . 
The collapse of a $ 6.79 billion labor-management buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. may not stop some of Wall Street 's top talent from collecting up to $ 53.7 million in fees . 
Moreover , he said , technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they 've been `` erased '' from a computer 's memory . 
Previously United Illuminating had also called for seven years of 5.5 % increases . 
After all , they wo n't soon forget the stock bargains that became available after the October 1987 crash . 
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes . 
Among Mr. Bacarella 's picks : Oracle Systems , Reebok International Ltd. and Digital Microwave Corp . 
About the only way that USX now can get out of steel is to dish it out , piece by piece , in separate joint ventures , he adds . 
Last year , `` I was off a straight month , then one time for two to three weeks and another two to three weeks , '' he says . 
Industry groups and reputable planners who are members of them want comprehensive standards , too ; they 're tired of seeing practitioners depicted collectively in the business press as dumber than chimpanzees and greedier than a herd of swine . 
Hudson 's researchers estimated that it would cost less than $ 650 million a year to test the entire population between the ages of 12 and 65 years old . 
But he figures that at current levels the stock market is comfortably valued , even with the economy obviously slowing . 
Ford said owners should return the cars to dealers so the windshields can be removed and securely reinstalled . 
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people . 
`` In my opinion , you would only pay that kind of price if you were getting a premier player in the industry . '' 
European multinationals do likewise ; even in America , their affiliates are usually run by American managers . 
Stevens 's dutiful conflation of the public and private realms -- like his beloved master 's -- destroys all it was designed to preserve . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Some adjusters , already in other parts of California , drove to the disaster area with recreational vehicles and mobile homes that could be used as makeshift claims-processing centers . 
Though Judge Keenan threw out most of Mrs. Marcos 's objections , he agreed with one of her concerns : that turning over the foreign documents could violate the defendant 's constitutional right against self-incrimination . 
The Galileo project started in 1977 , and a number of project veterans were on hand to watch the launch . 
Pilot union Chairman Frederick C. Dubinsky said advisers to UAL management and the union will begin meeting in New York today and will work through the weekend to devise a new proposal to present to UAL 's board `` at the earliest time possible . '' 
The disaster fund is replenished by loan repayments . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
The new machines are capable of sorting by zip code up to 10,000 large flat mail pieces , including magazines and parcels , an hour . 
The notes can be redeemed starting in July 1991 . 
Rickey Henderson , the do-everything leadoff man , had nine hits and set or tied four-game Series marks for triples ( 2 ) and stolen bases ( 3 ) . 
The company noted that its Fox-Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves . 
The administration also acknowledges that it is n't pursuing Mr. Reagan 's original vision of an `` impenetrable shield '' protecting the whole U.S. , but rather a more modest version . 
The first meeting yesterday was with 10 Senate Democrats who have expressed an interest in cutting the tax . 
Alternatively , it would offer to swap three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . 
Mr. Pilson says that when he spoke out a few years ago , `` I did n't say forever , and I did n't say every property . '' 
The decline surprised analysts and jolted HomeFed 's stock , which lost 8.6 % of its value , closing at $ 38.50 on the New York Stock Exchange , down $ 3.625 . 
The bikes are unwelcome on trails in national parks . 
Georgia-Pacific owns 349,900 Nekoosa shares and would need federal antitrust clearance to buy more than $ 15 million worth . 
Separately , Innopac reported a fourth-quarter loss of about C$ 2.6 million , or 18 Canadian cents a share , reflecting inventory write-downs . 
U.S. Memories Inc. , the venture that seeks to crack Japan 's domination of the memory-chip market , said it has chosen four potential sites for its operations after a fierce bidding war by 15 states . 
According to a spokeswoman , they also relate to changes Franklin will have to make in its accounting procedures to comply with new federal capitalization requirements for thrifts . 
Such an offer could torpedo a plan by Lion Nathan Ltd. of New Zealand to acquire half the brewing interests . 
A Generale spokesman confirmed that the giant Belgian holding company would be willing to raise its stake in AG should a raider seek control . 
Not only does this come close to a violation of law , it violates the trust we have all worked to develop . '' 
`` The average American watches seven hours of TV a day . 
Revenue for the year fell 13 % to $ 122.7 million . 
The first two games of the World Series between the Oakland Athletics and San Francisco Giants did n't finish in the top 10 ; instead they landed in 16th and 18th place . 
Exteriors are faced with brick , wood or stone , but the homes are made of steel-reinforced concrete . 
And the question remains whether the jury system can maintain its integrity while undergoing such a skillful massage . 
It is possible , of course , that some of the most seriously damaged companies could n't be reached , particularly in areas nearest the epicenter . 
In September , Kellogg Co. launched a competing psyllium-fortified cereal called Heartwise . 
The appointments are effective Nov. 1 . 
And the world could experience its first psyllium shortage . 
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 . 
ARE CORPORATE profits distributed fairly ? 
Traders attributed rallies in a number of stocks to a Japanese buy program that PaineWebber carried out as part of a shift in portfolio strategy , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
USA Today reported that Mr. Davis , who had pursued UAL before dropping his bid Wednesday , has acquired a stake of about 3 % in USAir . 
My statement , read verbatim from a printed text available to all reporters attending the National Cancer Institute news conference , was the following : `` New clinical trials are already in operation seeking to improve these results . 
Rymer Foods Inc. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as 500,000 of its common stock purchase warrants at a price of $ 4 a warrant . 
SONGsters are mad as heck about campus anti-intellectualism and they are n't going to take it anymore , at least not without trying a few really neat ideas first . 
Mr. Grauer said $ 2 billion of that is used in active index arbitrage . 
Analysts said Hachette 's earnings in the second half might be boosted by a capital gain from the sale of the Paris headquarters of a newspaper-delivery company that is 49 % owned by Hachette . 
A technical analyst said there were a number of stop-loss orders under that level that were touched off when the contract 's price fell below it . 
Many industry analysts had been projecting a 3 % decline in placements for the quarter . 
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass . 
But its success has been largely in the sale of small , nonperforming companies , which are valued for their assets . 
The drug AZT , the only treatment currently on the market , claims only to help stop the spread of AIDS , not to cure it . 
As a result , if a problem develops on a production line , it is unlikely some supervisor sitting in front of a personal computer or workstation will know about it or be able to correct it . 
That 's because computers do most of the work , and low trading activity keeps a lid on commission costs . 
There 's a casino , the financial heart of it all . 
Allianz also holds a 50 % stake in Navigation Mixte 's insurance subsidiary , one of France 's largest insurance groups , which it bought for about 6.5 billion francs just before Paribas launched its bid . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
As he sums it up : `` We are listening to the market . '' 
Yesterday 's edition provided analysts ' estimates for the company when actual earnings were available . 
Qintex Australia Ltd. encountered another setback Friday when its Los Angeles-based affiliate , Qintex Entertainment Inc. , filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code . 
But the scope of Seagram 's Chivas promotion sets it apart . 
It rebuffed an offer by Carl Spielvogel , head of Saatchi 's Backer Spielvogel Bates unit , to lead a management buy-out of all or part of Saatchi . 
Revenue declined 2 % , to $ 3.06 billion from $ 3.13 billion , because of the sale of Southland Life in March , and the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar on overseas results . 
Meetings canceled by Apple Computer Inc. 's European sales force and by other groups raised the specter of empty hotel rooms and restaurants . 
He adds : `` The medical market and the fitness market parallel each other and are going to cross real soon . '' 
Freight rates are bottoming out and starting to rebound . 
Mr. Engelken , a rabid baseball fan , pores over the sports pages to chart the exploits of `` my favorite and not-so-favorite teams and players . '' 
Volume totaled 14,580,000 shares . 
McDonald 's closed at $ 31.375 , up $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
While judges have an obligation under the First Amendment to safeguard freedom of the press , `` the right to deliberately alter quotations is not , in my view , a concomitant of a free press . '' 
Western Union must make $ 48 million in interest payments on the reset notes on Dec. 15 , and a company spokesman said it fully intends to meet the payments . 
Fannie Mae also said James A. Aliber , chairman of First Federal of Michigan and a director since 1985 , moved up the date of his retirement from the board to accommodate Mr. Johnson 's election as a director . 
Maggie Thatcher must be doing something right ; her political enemies are screaming louder than ever . 
He also is close to American Express 's chairman and chief executive officer , James D. Robinson III . 
He also will sit on the company 's corporate planning and policy committee , made up of the top corporate and operating executives . 
Now , some see Mr. Bush trapped in a position he is neither comfortable with nor able to escape . 
In fact , several London markets already offer lower costs for trading in the same or very similar contracts . 
That 's four times as fast as the 386 . 
At the same time , there appears to be a market for news-oriented programming ; Turner Broadcasting System Inc. 's Cable News Network has its highest ratings , outside of prime time , on Saturday mornings . 
While some say the auction should proceed smoothly , others contend that yesterday 's sale of $ 2.58 billion of asset-backed securities by Ford Motor Credit Corp. may have siphoned some potential institutional buyers from the government 's note sale . 
12:15 a.m . 
John J. Phelan Jr. , chairman of the Big Board , asserts that `` 1988 and 1989 have been two of the least volatile years in the last 30 or 40 years . '' 
Viatech Inc. said it received approval from the French government for its proposed $ 44.7 million acquisition of Ferembal S.A . 
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so . 
The transmogrified brokers never let the C-word cross their lips , instead stressing such terms as `` safe , '' `` insured '' and `` guaranteed '' -- even though these terms may be severely limited in their application to a particular new financial product . 
Elaborating on the exception , it said volume and margins were lower in semiconductor and power systems operations . 
But this year , when the hullabaloo surrounding its centennial died , so too did some advertiser interest . 
The company hopes the new plant , likely to be built in Frankfurt , will be able to produce 10,000 tons a year . 
There are so many cunning ploys used by so many dubious operators , they say , that it is probably impossible to stop them all . 
By midnight Oct. 6 , all of the paintings were supposed to have been sold off , under orders from Florida 's comptroller , whose office regulates the state 's S&Ls . 
He considered himself intellectually superior to his Peruvian peers , many of whom were wayward sons sent by their well-off families to the highly disciplined , French-modeled academy as a sort of reform school . 
Some analysts said AMR Chairman Robert Crandall might seize the opportunity presented by the stock price drop to protect the nation 's largest airline with a defensive transaction , such as the sale of stock to a friendly holder or company employees . 
A series of explosions tore through the huge Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near here , injuring more than a hundred and closing parts of the Houston Ship Channel . 
Treasury , Agency Securities 
The mistrials have left the reputations of GAF , Mr. Sherwin and GAF Chairman Samuel Heyman in limbo . 
The sale is likely to fuel concern about growing Japanese investment in U.S. biotechnology firms . 
State housing prices , at a median $ 201,028 , have declined in recent months because of potential buyers ' inability to afford homes . 
After the three members of the court introduced themselves , the chairman of the panel said : `` Go ahead and tell us what happened . 
Before that he was president and chief operating officer of Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp . 
It 's an optimistic move in a industry already facing world-wide overcapacity . 
Mr. Craven joined Morgan Grenfell as group chief executive in May 1987 , a few months after the resignations of former Chief Executive Christopher Reeves and other top officials because of the merchant bank 's role in Guinness PLC 's controversial takeover of Distiller 's Co. in 1986 . 
`` It is n't a real boom holiday season in our eyes , '' says Woolworth Corp. Chairman Harold E. Sells , `` but it is n't going to be a bust either . '' 
However , in response to the British Air decision , United 's pilot union vowed to continue efforts to revive the buy-out . 
Conference committees are breeding grounds for mischief . 
The reports , attributed to the Colombian minister of economic development , said Brazil would give up 500,000 bags of its quota and Colombia 200,000 bags , the analyst said . 
So the bank 's board decided to make 1.23 billion Malaysian dollars ( US$ 457 million ) in provisions for interest payments from loans previously recorded as revenue but never actually received by the bank , and to submit a bailout package to replenish the bank 's paid-up capital . 
At the moment , he intends to keep the firm 's 180,000 Jaguar shares . 
It added that no discussions about such a sale are under way . 
I 'd slept through my only previous brush with natural disaster , a tornado 15 or so summers ago near Traverse City , Mich. , so I was unprepared for one reaction to such things : the urge to talk about them . 
A few weeks ago , Mr. Jones even entertained Elizabeth Taylor in his private suite at Texas Stadium . 
Digital Equipment Corp. reported a 32 % decline in net income on a modest revenue gain in its fiscal first quarter , causing some analysts to predict weaker results ahead than they had expected . 
Geeks , by at least one definition , are chicken-mutilating circus freaks . 
That unit of its Georgia Kaolin Co. subsidiary was sold to a unit of Unimin Corp . 
Only about five states now offer some form of insurance coverage , but more are expected . 
Now some negotiated sales that meet a series of tests do n't have to be pre-registered . 
When Westinghouse Electric Corp. shuttered its massive steam turbine plant in Lester , Pa. , three years ago , it seemed like the company had pulled the plug on its century-old power generation business . 
The Big Board `` is partly to blame { for the price swings } , because they 're cowards , '' said Mr. Wohlstetter . 
Apparently a lot , according to the British firm of Deloitte , Haskins & Sells . 
`` We 're making adjustments on the show , yes , but nothing radical , '' said Craig Nelson , the story consultant on `` Teddy Z . '' 
`` All too often this will merely be a statement on the solicitation such as , ` Do n't smoke ! ' or ` Wear suntan lotion , ' `` says William Webster , attorney general of Missouri . 
A Coke spokesman said he could n't say whether that is the direction of the talks . 
Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint . 
Stock-index arbitrage is the most controversial form of program trading because it accelerates market moves , if not actually causing them . 
Two days earlier , his attorney met in a Park Avenue law office with a cartoon dealer who expected to sell 44 of the most important stolen strips to Mr. Russell for $ 62,800 . 
MACPOST : 
Presidio Oil Co. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. 's U.S. unit for $ 163 million . 
A similar proposal may be introduced soon by Senate Democrats . 
Nissan 's risk is that its low-base-price strategy might get lost amid the highly publicized rebates being offered by Detroit 's Big Three . 
The obvious reason was ( for British Air ) to buy a stake in United Airlines . '' 
S.A. Brewing Holdings Ltd. began laying the groundwork to launch a rival offer for Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. 's Australian brewing operations . 
Some men stay , their best friend a bottle of vodka , but two million acres have gone fallow . 
It might even have saved the life , and business , of Israel Ortiz . 
The parties in the Connecticut case have agreed to stay proceedings pending the appeal of another EEOC age-bias case against Vermont . 
But British Air 's withdrawal from the UAL buy-out could have further repercussions . 
`` Interest is a great deal higher than it was a year ago . '' 
Yet if gold prices improve , silver prices could rally sharply , he says . 
The sale of Merksamer Jewelers is subject to approval by Judge Tina Brozman of U.S. Bankruptcy Court . 
`` How interesting . '' 
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } . 
The number of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange that fell in price yesterday exceeded 1,000 , a key measure of underlying sentiment among technical analysts . 
Laundered drug money has served only to increase , unrealistically , the price of real estate , creating serious problems for low-income people who aspire to own their own homes . 
`` If the 1980s were a decade of consumption , the '90s will be the investment decade , '' Mr. Andersson says . 
Some of that money will be available for highway repair and special emergency aid , but members of the legislature are also mulling over a temporary state gasoline tax to raise money for earthquake relief . 
Virtually every automotive analyst in New York showed up . 
When problems surface , the temptation becomes strong to summarily overhaul a market system that has served for more than 100 years . 
Oil prices initially rose on fears that the massive earthquake in Northern California would disrupt production . 
Dividend-related trading swelled volume in two issues : Security Pacific , which fell 7\/8 to 44 1\/2 and led the Big Board 's most actives list on composite volume of 14.8 million shares , and Nipsco Industries , which lost 3\/8 to 17 3\/8 on 4.4 million shares . 
The artist 's melancholy subjects bring high prices on the world market , and the U.S. State Department notified IFAR of the theft in February 1988 . 
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full-sized vans . 
PepsiCo Inc. 's chairman said he is `` more than comfortable with '' analysts ' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to at least 98 cents to $ 1 a share from 91 cents the year earlier . 
Cray 's directors set Nov. 15 as the record date for distribution of shares in the new company , to be called Cray Computer Corp . 
This temblor-prone city dispatched inspectors , firefighters and other earthquake-trained personnel to aid San Francisco . 
In many cases the costs claimed were so high that only a dribble of cash was left for the purported beneficiaries . 
But an early 80-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average stopped the crude rally cold . 
Trompe l'oeil painting is meant to fool the eye , but Robert Lawrence Trotter , 35 , of Kennett Square , Pa. , took his fooling seriously . 
Mayor Agnos 's $ 2 billion estimate does n't include damage to freeway arteries leading into the city , some of which remained closed . 
`` Yet even a relatively strong number -- 2.8 % to 2.9 % -- wo n't alter the market 's view that the economy is softening . '' 
`` There 's nothing like skin to skin . 
As you can guess , the Blandings want to deduct home-mortgage interest on the $ 200,000 loan . 
The Office of Finance of the Federal Home Loan Banks said it priced a four-part $ 2.27 billion bond offering for the banks to yield from 8.125 % to 8.375 % . 
`` The fact of the matter is , I am a marketer . 
Analysts say investors remain skittish toward Salomon because of its volatile earnings . 
He evades and ducks . 
The measure also moves more than $ 450 million in the Pentagon budget to home-state projects from foreign bases . 
According to Bernard Savaiko , senior commodity analyst at PaineWebber , the only stability to the market came when short sellers periodically moved in to cover their positions by buying contracts . 
In an interview , W. Brent LeGere , chairman and chief executive officer , said he expects revenue in the latest quarter to total about $ 28 million . 
To say that the Pentagon should act irresponsibly because acting responsibly will provoke Congress into acting irresponsibly leads to the conclusion that the Pentagon should deliberately exaggerate its needs in the national interest ; in other words , that it is justified in committing a crime -- lying to Congress -- because it is morally superior . 
Even more remarkably , it focused on emissions trading and similar market approaches to address pollution , notwithstanding Poland 's lack of functioning markets . 
Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley used the opportunity to push the City Council harder to pass a measure establishing a loss-recovery reserve of $ 100 million . 
The Chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson , resigned because Prime Minister Thatcher would not fire her trusted adviser Sir Alan Walters . 
Bond prices also edged higher . 
Firm will not , however , resume 24-hour service until power in city is restored . 
The segment is soon to be broadcast on the CBS News series `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung , '' thus further blurring the distinction between fiction and reality in TV news . 
`` You get equity-like returns '' from bonds if you guess right on rates , says James E. Wilson , a Columbia , S.C. , planner . 
Sir Alan assailed the monetary arrangement as `` half-baked '' in an article being published in an American economics journal . 
But she has no problem with that , she says : `` In the meanwhile , they 're helping us . '' 
Several key economic figures are due out and Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson is scheduled to give the annual `` Mansion House '' address to the financial community . 
An outside spokesman for CML said the terms were changed to a minor extent but would n't disclose what those changes were . 
Terms of the transaction were n't disclosed . 
In September 1988 , Eagle acquired Biny Clothing Inc. , a closely held New York chain operated under the Bonds name . 
The nation 's savings rate was unchanged in September at 4.9 % of after-tax income , far below the 5.6 % it reached in July . 
Takeover speculators -- who have already taken a record loss estimated at more than $ 700 million on UAL -- started selling other stocks as well as S&P futures in an attempt to hedge against a further UAL blood bath . 
But the plan now is being `` reformulated , '' Delmed said , declining to provide most of the new terms of the combination . 
The unit said it can provide no assurance a transaction will occur . 
CDs yielding 40 % are even more implausible -- especially when the issuing `` bank '' in the Marshall Islands is merely a mail drop watched over by a local gas-station operator -- but investors fell for that one too . 
For now , both companies are keeping quiet about their specific plans . 
The telephone network simply could n't handle the large number of people seeking to make a call at the same time . 
Hecla Mining rose 5\/8 to 14 ; Battle Mountain Gold climbed 3\/4 to 16 3\/4 ; Homestake Mining rose 1 1\/8 to 16 7\/8 ; Lac Minerals added 5\/8 to 11 ; Placer Dome went up 7\/8 to 16 3\/4 , and ASA Ltd. jumped 3 5\/8 to 49 5\/8 . 
The human-based drug starts the blood sugar dropping sooner and drives it down faster , he said . 
The British government also strongly opposes the charter in its current form . 
NCNB Corp. raised $ 1 billion in new capital during the third quarter . 
Debenture holders also will receive the equivalent of 10 % of the common stock in Chicago & North Western 's parent company . 
The average 30-day simple yield was 8.26 % , compared with 8.27 % the week before , and the 30-day compound yield slid to 8.60 % from 8.61 % . 
FERC 's regulation had given pipelines until March 31 , 1989 , to pass on to customers as much as 50 % of the costs of buying out their broken contracts , which were made with producers when gas prices were high and supplies short . 
The December 1989 contract , which has the greatest trading volume , ended at $ 371.20 an ounce . 
Mrs. Engelken had scheduled a stop on the New Jersey Turnpike to , she told her husband , pick up some papers for a neighbor . 
They would then develop priorities by identifying the least painful program cuts as they moved from higher to lower budgets . 
In one ingenious recent example of a Newport Beach boiler room , prospective investors in Capital Trust Inc. were allegedly told that their investment in precious metals was insured against losses `` caused by employees due to dishonesty , destruction or disappearance , '' according to an indictment handed up by a federal grand jury in Los Angeles last month . 
What comes out of the ballot box could be crucial in determining whether Brazil finally lives up to the potential of the world 's eighth largest economy or keeps living up to its other , less enviable title : that of the developing world 's largest debtor , teetering on the brink of hyperinflation , mired in deficits and stagnation , with huge economic inequalities and social discontent boiling under the surface . 
Georgia-Pacific 's Mr. Hahn said that a combined operation would allow savings in many ways . 
But if the opposition remains fractured , the Congress ( I ) could win a small majority , or lead a coalition government . 
`` Everyone left , '' said Peter Lang , reservations manager of the Mark Hopkins Hotel . 
Beyond the advertisements , the syndicator is planning a traveling arena show , new TV specials for CBS and even an exhibit at the Smithsonian Institute . 
Under the compromise , the $ 4.25 level would be reached nine months earlier , while the training subminimum would be shorter , unless it is tied to a training plan . 
And if you `` consider the changing distribution of credit , '' Mr. Durkin says , `` much of the increase in debt in recent years is due to increasing credit use by higher-income families , '' that is , `` those probably best able to handle it . '' 
-- `` Playing intercollegiate sports does n't give you a lot of time to spend with others . 
Philip Glass is the emperor , and his music the new clothes , of the avant-garde . 
In fact , the two men have had strikingly similar career paths , both having served as chief of internal security before their rise to the top party position . 
`` I 'm really wiped out after walking five hours , '' she says . 
`` I 've heard that there is $ 40 billion taken in nationwide by boiler rooms every year , '' Mr. McClelland says . 
Mr. Krutchensky approached Ms. Volokh five years ago about backing the publication , which started out as a listing guide . 
Neither Mr. Taylor nor Mr. Watson have been charged with criminal wrongdoing . 
Societe Generale Australia Ltd . ( French parent ) -- 50 million Australian dollars of 17 % bonds due Nov. 20 , 1991 , priced at 101.90 to yield 16.59 less fees , via Westpac Banking Corp . 
Moody 's changes affected the following issues : 
Mr. Glazier discovered that the Founders had worried that Congress might take the President out of the loop . 
Ready , Willing and Unable I always lift the hood When my car does n't start ; If gadgets at home do n't work I coolly take them apart . 
But while it was a move that stunned the East bloc , it hardly ushers in an era of reform -- at least anytime soon . 
Thursday , a judge is scheduled to rule on Warner 's motion seeking to block the Guber-Peters duo from going to Columbia . 
In any case , he added , `` most institutions probably wo n't sell '' the bonds . 
Dentsu has U.S. subsidiaries , but they keep low profiles . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
The venture , formed in 1986 , was supposed to be Time 's low-cost , safe entry into women 's magazines . 
While Seita retains a manufacturing monopoly in France , it is being hurt by rising imports and from waning cigarette demand . 
Housing starts sank 5.2 % in September to a seven-year low . 
The loan guarantee would amount to about $ 127.5 million , or 85 % of the cost of the aircraft . 
The field is currently being developed and is slated to start production by the end of the year . 
It now holds the No. 3 position at U.S. department-store cosmetic counters . 
Tandy Corp. said it wo n't join U.S. Memories , the group that seeks to battle the Japanese in the market for computer memory chips . 
John Markese , director of research for the American Association of Individual Investors , raises a cautionary note . 
But now Westinghouse is enjoying a resurgence in demand for both steam and combustion turbines and may even join the growing legion of independent electric producers . 
Mr. Secord 's performance was decidedly less inspiring . 
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour . 
Significantly lower sales of ` Stay Trim ' diet aids also were a factor in the drop . 
He also backed a rule to require large traders to report transactions on a systematic basis . 
Small retailers who ca n't afford to travel to his New York showroom have become fair game . 
Norman J. Harrison , chairman , will succeed him as chief executive . 
The educational effort of teaching companies in the natural gas industry how to use the futures to hedge would have to continue for another a year or two , he added . 
He is president and chief executive officer of Comerica Inc. in Detroit . 
Their relationship with Mr. Sugarman soured shortly thereafter . 
While no guarantee , an increased police presence might even deter further attacks . 
Early yesterday , investors scrambled to buy Treasury bonds for safety as stock prices plummeted and fears mounted of a replay of Friday . 
Pegasus Gold `` has been on a lot of recommended lists as a junior growth company stepping into the big leagues , '' says Marty McNeill , metals analyst at Dominick & Dominick , a New York investment firm . 
That 's the primary reason the company 's share price has held up so well when , in Mr. Smith 's words , `` most companies would have unraveled '' by now . 
Last Friday , he told the staff of Ms. that the magazine in January would begin publishing without advertising . 
Once again , the indomitable peasant holds Poland 's future in his hands . 
Elsewhere in the oil sector , Exxon rallied 7\/8 to 45 3\/4 ; Amoco rose 1\/8 to 47 ; Texaco was unchanged at 51 3\/4 , and Atlantic Richfield fell 1 5\/8 to 99 1\/2 . 
`` He does n't know himself , '' Kathy Stanwick of the Abortion Rights League says of Mr. Courter 's position . 
Those bills ca n't easily be vetoed in their entirety because they often are needed to keep the government operating . 
First Boston 's Graeme Anne Lidgerwood values Santa Fe at 24 , down from her earlier estimate of 29 . 
During the 1984 Summer Games , for example , ABC touted `` Call to Glory , '' but the military drama was missing in action within weeks . 
He adds : `` It just has n't gotten down to the engine room yet . '' 
The Labor Party , meanwhile , threatened to support a parliamentary motion to topple the coalition unless Shamir showed flexibility on Arab-Israeli talks . 
Three seats currently are vacant and three others are likely to be filled within a few years , so patent lawyers and research-based industries are making a new push for specialists to be added to the court . 
The glitzy office that Ivan Boesky vacated for a prison cell had previously contained commodity operators Marc Rich and `` Pinky '' Green , today fugitives from a potential century apiece of jail sentences . 
It achieved a good media play , and enabled Sen. Specter and others to vote against Mr. Bork out of `` conscience . '' 
Columbia , S.C . 
It works . 
If interest rates do n't change , bond fund investors ' returns will be about equal to the funds ' current yields . 
She declines to show them . 
For cities losing business to suburban shopping centers , it may be a wise business investment to help keep those jobs and sales taxes within city limits . 
Mr. Chan achieved a breakthrough in 1987 -- and became a minor celebrity again -- when his story was published in a weekly newspaper . 
Money-fund yields tend to lag interestrate trends as portfolio managers adjust the maturities of their investments -- short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and the like -- to capture the highest yields . 
You virtually ignore the tax-reducing power of indexation , which in many cases is more substantial than a lower rate . 
They do deserve respect , however -- they are almost a year old , probably equal to about 106 in human years . 
The marriage of news and theater , if not exactly inevitable , has been consummated nonetheless . 
Ajinomoto predicted sales in the current fiscal year ending next March 31 of 480 billion yen , compared with 460.05 billion yen in fiscal 1989 . 
Apple Computer gained 1 to 48 1\/4 ; Ashton-Tate rose 3\/8 to 10 3\/8 . 
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take-it-or-leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job . 
But it 's more like an illustration of what Ben Stein describes in his study of social attitudes in the TV industry : `` Fear of violence and animosity ... because of race or religion , fear and lack of comprehension about the politics of small-town people ... produce a powerful wave of dislike of small towns in the minds of TV writers and producers . '' 
`` There is no question that the situation is bad , but we may be painting a gloomier picture than we should , '' he said . 
The action increases the annual dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.08 . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
He still has 1,143 shares , according to SEC files . 
A magistrate had initially refused the request , ruling that the attack had been a political act for which the man , Mahmoud El-Abed Ahmad , would be exempt from extradition . 
Except for a few spots , notably Georgia , Virginia and Michigan , failures declined almost across the board , according to the business information services company . 
Mr. Stein said Woodstream is `` marginally profitable '' but has n't performed as well as expected . 
New customers , the source of higher commissions for salespeople and the key to Wang 's long-term viability , are even tougher . 
The real jury returned days later with a $ 345 million victory for Energy Transportation . 
The value of the jets , including spares , is in excess of $ 250 million . 
Four tubular steel `` Bedfellows , '' each roughly in the shape of a `` W , '' are attached to the bottom of the box spring in a recessed position ... . 
Some weeks when her supermarket runs a double-coupon promotion , she boasts that she shaves $ 22 off her bill . 
Similarly , the Big Board hopes to entice Merrill Lynch & Co . 
In the derivative market , insurance companies have scaled back their purchases of Remic securities , or real estate mortgage investment conduits , as they assess potential claims from the recent California earthquake and hurricane in the Carolinas . 
They are what they are . 
TransAtlantic , whose Transol Investments Ltd. unit owns the largest minority stake in Sun Life , has agreed not to make a takeover bid for the British life insurer without the prior consent of the French company , known as UAP . 
The five offices in Erie and Ottawa counties in northern Ohio have total assets of about $ 88 million , Banc One said . 
The companies said the accord was unanimously approved by a special committee of Erbamont directors unaffiliated with Montedison . 
None of the grants had been requested by HUD , judged competitively or were the subject of a single hearing . 
Terms of the bank holding companies ' agreement were n't disclosed . 
`` If I were buying a building in San Francisco now the first thing I 'd do is insist on a structural inspection , then I 'd delay a little , stall a little . '' 
Judges Oakes and Leval understand the requirements of historical scholarship . 
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority . 
In England , this would mean that the British Deloitte would lose revenue for its audit of GM 's Vauxhill unit . 
Arkla Inc. said that as part of a program to improve profitability it will take a total of $ 189 million in after-tax charges by year end . 
The company also cited retail trade and consumer demand for new products introduced this year , such as Cherry Merry Muffin and Turtle Tots . 
By ignoring costs , U.S. strategists abdicate their responsibility for hard decisions . 
The latest period included a $ 9 million write-down on undeveloped land , while the year-earlier period included a $ 46 million reserve for real-estate losses . 
Anheuser-Busch plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a price war as the beer industry 's growth slows . 
CNBC will produce six , one-hour programs , beginning in April 1990 . 
Transportation costs actually fell 0.5 % , and housing costs gained only 0.1 % . 
The personal antics of agency Director Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow drew much attention , such as when several of his top aides were uncovered as KGB plants and ejected from France and when a mysterious office fire was set just before Congress sent accountants to trace U.S. funds . 
They were old-fashioned elegant gentlemen , who happened to be of German Jewish extraction . 
The announcement fueled speculation for future advances in the shares . 
Paribas said that once it receives the go-ahead from French stock market authorities , it will offer to boost its Navigation Mixte stake to 66.7 % from the current 18.7 % . 
`` I think a lot of their businesses are just so-so . '' 
The state of New Hampshire has favored that plan . 
The first hybrid corn seeds produced using this mechanical approach were introduced in the 1930s and they yielded as much as 20 % more corn than naturally pollinated plants . 
Even expect stolen bases , says the wiry and fit Mr. Campaneris : `` If you know how to slide , it 's no problem , '' he says . 
That would follow a 3.9 % advance in August . 
Despite the inflation news , several Fed officials still fear consumer-price pressures will intensify because they insist the economy is stronger than generally believed . 
Should n't they properly be called exit-load funds ? 
Lawyers will benefit . 
Other dealers added that the blue-chip stocks in general were hit by profit-taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day . 
`` There wo n't be any formal resolutions or communiques , I do n't think . 
Ira , himself , confirms this account . 
American Express representatives apparently influenced the publication of unfavorable articles about Mr. Safra . 
Undeterred , D.T. 's handlers vowed to press on . 
Mr. Paul claims to have sold three paintings , at more than a 10 % profit . 
Eventually , about 250 made the trip to Florida to compete for the available slots . 
-- Freshman basketball player . 
One night both Marshall 's ghost and the shah 's ghost together caught Cap and threw him to the ground . 
Still , he adds , `` I could see owning both , given that individuals often have an advantage over big investors in spotting special situations based on their own insights , '' he adds . 
Value of the properties and management interests was n't disclosed . 
That idea may have backfired . 
`` Talk is that everybody is going to drill more wells , '' says foreman Tommy Folsom . 
The U.S. discovered the young Tony Noriega in late 1959 , when he was in his second year at the Chorrillos Military Academy in Lima , according to former U.S. intelligence officials . 
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev opened a major U.S. trade exhibition in Moscow and spent two hours touring some of the 150 stalls representing such blue-chip companies as General Motors Corp. , International Business Machines Corp. and Johnson & Johnson . 
Even if I had a lot of money , I could n't buy what I need . '' 
Critics have complained that the law unfairly strips defendants of assets before a jury determines they have committed a crime and that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can ruin corporate defendants or force them into unfavorable plea bargains . 
Whitbread of Britain put its spirits division up for sale , setting off a scramble among distillers . 
The exchange , which abandoned such a `` collar '' last year because it did n't prevent sharp price swings , has been under attack recently for not taking action against program trading . 
But Democratic Sen. Bennett Johnson of Louisiana reminded the little band that anti-Bork blacks and women could furnish the margin to punish them in their next Senate elections . 
The government retained the single share after selling its stake in Jaguar in 1984 -- part of a nationalistic practice of protecting former government-owned enterprises to deflect criticism of privatization . 
Mr. Krat indicated that completion of the transaction could take several weeks , and it was n't immediately clear what would happen to the broker-dealer subsidiary if Integrated files for bankruptcy-law protection in the meantime . 
Gulf Power had been under investigation for violating the Utility Holding Company Act , which prohibits public utilities from making political contributions . 
Three years ago , the ratio was reversed . 
Intel told analysts that the company will resume shipments of the chips within two to three weeks . 
Convertible capital appreciation bonds with a final stated maturity of Nov. 15 , 2014 , convert Nov. 15 , 1999 . 
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error . 
That debt is part of the $ 2.1 billion of Holiday debt that Bass PLC of Britain said it would retire or assume when it agreed to buy the Holiday Inn business in August . 
Dozens of Guber-Peters staffers are still working on the Warner lot and consulting on various projects on a `` daily basis , '' the attorney says . 
Over the past four years , the number of consumer magazines has increased by an average of 80 magazines annually , according to Donald Kummerfeld , president of the Magazine Publishers of America . 
In the first nine months , profit was $ 113 million , or $ 3.04 a share , on sales of $ 3.19 billion , compared with $ 204.5 million , or $ 5.76 a share , on sales of $ 3.03 billion , a year earlier . 
But it could ultimately lead to German reunification and the disappearance of East Germany from the map . 
Despite their ubiquity , the consultants are n't entirely welcome . 
A few miles past Radzymin , a dirt road narrows to a track of sand and leads into Zalubice , a village of tumbledown farms . 
`` It makes no sense for us to put money at risk when you know you 're going to lose , '' says Mr. Antolini , of Donaldson Lufkin . 
But starting in early September , the index started to slide and now stands about even with the S&P 500 . 
The two companies each produce market pulp , containerboard and white paper . 
The maker of software products and services , which had a net loss in the 1988 third quarter , earned 200,000 , or a penny a share , in this year 's quarter . 
Mr. Steinhardt adds that he bought USAir stock earlier this year as `` part of a fundamental investment in the airline group . '' 
( Put options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to sell a financial instrument at a specified price , while call options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to buy a financial instrument at a specified price ) . 
France 's Socialist government , which currently holds the council 's rotating presidency , is committed to having the charter adopted by all 12 EC states before the end of 1989 -- the bicentennial of the French revolution and its `` Universal Declaration of Human Rights . 
John B. Curcio , 55 years old , resigned as chairman of this diesel truck manufacturer , effective upon appointment of a successor . 
Mr. Stevens 's remarks , confirming a report in The Wall Street Journal that British Air wants to start from scratch in any new bid for the nation 's second-largest airline , helped push UAL stock lower for the fourth straight day . 
`` The stocks that have been the best are having big pullbacks , and the ones that have been the worst are getting clobbered , '' Mr. Mills said . 
The company said Maria Sole Agnelli Teodorani , sister of Fiat Chairman Giovanni Agnelli , agreed to trade her shares in IFI for new ordinary shares in the limited partnership , which will give her control of 4.67 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co . 
With an untrained local labor pool , many experts believe , that policy could drive businesses from the city . 
Says Mr. Steidtmann : `` I 'm looking for a bi-polar Christmas . '' 
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened . 
Even so , few had ever dealt with an earthquake . 
`` Everybody was afraid of him , '' Mr. Ingersoll says . 
One building in Palo Alto may be damaged beyond repair . 
You can go only up or down ( by heating the balloon 's air with a propane burner , which does make the top of your head feel hot ) and ride the air currents . 
Among them , he says , is the family 's traditional ties to old wealth and decision-makers in banking and industry throughout Europe and beyond . 
I was amused to read your recent news stories on the banking industry 's reserve additions and concomitant threats to cease making new loans to less-developed countries . 
It would be like `` watching a black and white movie on a color TV set , '' says Malcolm G. Saull , chairman of the film and video department at the Rochester Institute of Technology . 
Among other services , the firm provides pre-trial opinion polls , creates profiles of `` ideal '' jurors , sets up mock trials and `` shadow '' juries , coaches lawyers and witnesses , and designs courtroom graphics . 
South Korean President Roh Tae Woo , brushing aside suggestions that the won be revalued again , said the currency 's current level against the dollar is `` appropriate . '' 
Convertible debentures -- bonds that can later be converted into equity shares -- are the most popular instrument this year , though many companies are also selling nonconvertible bonds or equity shares . 
A Mint official says the agency offered to clean the coins for its `` bare-bones '' cost of $ 17,000 plus certain other expenses . 
Poverty remains far more widespread among blacks than other Americans . 
`` There will be a lot of malice . '' 
The Counter Spy Shop in Washington , D.C. , for instance , offers the `` Secret Connection '' attache case , which can surreptitiously record conversations for nine hours at a stretch . 
Radio programs and books have followed the daily television show . 
Sandoz said it expects a `` substantial increase '' in consolidated profit for the full year , barring major currency rate changes . 
Combustion Engineering Inc. , Stamford , Conn. , said it sold and agreed to sell several investments and nonstrategic businesses for about $ 100 million , which will be used for reducing debt and general purposes . 
The Golden Gate handled as many cars as normally yesterday , but over four hours rather than the usual two-hour crush . 
CALIFORNIA , A TREND-SETTER in franchising rules , stirs a controversy . 
And the biggest volume this year has been on securities backed by credit-card receivables , sometimes known as `` plastic bonds . '' 
Billings were n't disclosed ... . 
The agreements are with Security Pacific National Bank and an affiliate of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
`` Who wants to be a public shareholder investing in a company controlled by the pilots ' union ? '' asks Candace Browning , an analyst at Wertheim Schroeder & Co . 
Offices were closed yesterday . 
Other fundamental `` reforms '' of the 1986 act have been threatened as well . 
Interpublic declined comment . 
It was as easy as collecting sea shells at Malibu . 
Mr. Craven is widely credited with refocusing Morgan Grenfell 's energies on its core corporate finance , fund management and banking activities over the past year . 
They did me some good . 
The venture plans to announce a final site by late November . 
But the worst possibility would be raising no working capital , he said . 
`` We had heard from people who had n't been active '' for a long time . 
In major market activity : Stock prices surged in heavy trading . 
Meanwhile , a state court judge has allowed the charity to go on soliciting funds . 
The foes of abortion hold the strong whip hand in Pennsylvania , where abortion-rights activists are so much on the defensive that their strategy is less to fight the proposed legislation than it is to stress how the state legislature does n't reflect the viewpoints of the state 's citizens . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6030 , up from $ 1.5885 late Friday . 
He reckons the current account deficit will narrow to only # 1.8 billion in September . 
He said he `` did n't argue with '' the company 's decision to seek his resignation because contemplating outside business ventures can distract an executive from performing his best `` at the job he is paid to do . '' 
They accounted for a hefty 16 % of New York Stock Exchange volume Monday , the fourth busiest session ever . 
Pestered by bosses , brokers , clients and media people and pushed by their own egos , Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything from broad economic trends to the dinkiest monthly indicator . 
Jerome Grossman , chairman of the panel , agrees that administrative costs of utilization management programs can be high . 
Banking stocks were the major gainers Monday amid hope that interest rates have peaked , as Deutsche Bank and Dresdner Bank added 4 marks each to 664 marks ( $ 357 ) and 326 marks , respectively . 
Du Pont also announced plans for a 3-for-1 stock split , although the initial higher dividend will be paid on pre-split shares . 
`` By encouraging massive , routine , voluntary testing we can enable society to voluntarily segregate itself sexually into two groups : those who carry the virus and those who do not , '' the Indianapolis research organization said in a new report . 
After 11:30 a.m. or so `` we have them standing and waiting , '' she says , as she whips out orders for hamburgers and the daily special ( grilled roast beef , cheese and jalapeno pepper sandwich on whole wheat , potato salad , baked beans and pudding , plus coffee or iced tea . 
`` Saturday Night '' has cast actors to appear in future stories ranging from the abortion rights of teen-agers to a Nov. 4 segment on a man named Willie Bosket , who calls himself a `` monster '' and is reputed to be the toughest prisoner in New York . 
The failure in Oakland of the freeway segment known as the Cypress structure was the deadliest aspect of the quake , although officials were hopeful yesterday that the death toll there might be significantly lower than the 250 initially feared . 
GM lawyers have been working with technicians to develop more uniform welding procedures -- the way a vehicle is welded has a lot to do with its durability . 
`` But Sassy has a different spirit . 
Officials at the United Scientific unit , Optic-Electronic Corp. of Garland , Texas , and at Imo Industries of Lawrenceville , N.J. , could n't be reached for comment . 
The ever-optimistic Mr. Wathen has learned that while acquiring a big brand-name company can be a shortcut to growth , it can also bring a host of unforeseen problems . 
William S. Smith 
Fees 1 . 
Outside , I spotted two young men lugging blocks of concrete . 
Digital , Maynard , Mass. , insisted yesterday that its marketing focus would differ sharply from IBM 's . 
Independent drillers are gingerly sinking bits into the Earth 's crust again . 
Declining issues on the Big Board outstripped gainers 1,141 to 406 . 
Volume was extremely thin at 351.3 million shares , the lightest volume of the week and modestly under Thursday 's 387.4 million shares . 
As program trading comes under renewed attack for causing stock market gyrations , a few people on Wall Street say it is time to consider extreme measures . 
The drop marked the largest monthly tumble since a 19 % slide in January 1982 . 
Revenue at the broadcasting unit , consisting of the network and stations , advanced 11 % , to $ 838 million from $ 752.9 million . 
`` Many scholars are of the opinion that the mere existence of the penalty deters many people from the commission of capital crimes , '' says Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R. , Utah ) . 
Using a recent average private-school cost of about $ 12,500 a year , T. Rowe Price 's planner prescribes $ 450 monthly if the plan begins when the child is six . 
He also owns courses in the U.S. and France . 
Viroqua serves about 3,000 access lines in western Wisconsin . 
In the wake of Friday 's plunge and yesterday 's rebound , some companies are already postponing deals , and others wish they could . 
The department 's Office of Thrift Supervision said that does n't necessarily mean thrifts are biased , but conceded that it does n't have data about applicants to determine why blacks are rejected more often . 
By late 1988 , they were banning Soviet publications . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set Aug. 31 , 1987 . 
In a decision in April of this year , Judge Roger Miner , joined by Judge Frank Altimari , agreed on denying the injunction and did not doubt that `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' was a serious work but rejected Judge Leval 's argument that the public interest in scholarship could outweigh the sanctity of copyright . 
Mr. Wynn seems confident that it will produce a healthy profit , but some securities analysts doubt it . 
Ponce Federal said the dividend was suspended in anticipation of more stringent capital requirements under the Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery , and Enforcement Act of 1989 . 
Even though National Geographic offers far more readers than does a magazine like Smithsonian , `` the page costs you an arm and a leg to develop any frequency , '' says Harry Glass , New York media manager for Bozell Inc . 
He and others say that the machines are weak enough that they do n't jeopardize the memory . 
Exxon said in its suit that it will seek reimbursement from the state for that part of the cleanup costs and damage claims it says resulted from the state 's conduct . 
They point out that September 's producer-price index showed a 0.9 % increase . 
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits . 
But it would allow considerable flexibility in determining how and when these goals would be achieved . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Index `` B '' , which monitors price changes for the 30 % of urban households that spend between HK$ 6,500 and HK$ 9,999 a month , rose 9.9 % last month from a year earlier and was up 1.3 % from the preceding month . 
He added that `` there 's no quick-fix solution '' to the economic woes , and said `` tight monetary policy is the right approach . '' 
`` We 've got to move quickly . '' 
The drop in mortality rates for women was less steep -- 8.9 % for blacks and 5.3 % for whites . 
Even before British Air 's announcement , pilot union leaders had been meeting in Chicago yesterday to consider their options . 
The FASB since then has issued 102 rules , and some still rile industry . 
The Communists froze prices instead . 
Ms. Chung 's program is just one of several network shows ( and many more in syndication ) that rely on the controversial technique of reconstructing events , using actors who are supposed to resemble real people , living and dead . 
He told reporters in Wellington Tuesday that the government had n't guaranteed the loans to DFC New Zealand Ltd. , an investment bank 80%-owned by the National Provident Fund , and would n't bail it out . 
The McLean , Va. , company modifies computers to keep sensitive military data out of unfriendly hands . 
The justices agreed to decide whether federal insurers can require LTV to take back responsiblilty for funding its $ 2.3 billion pension shortfall . 
In the San Francisco Bay area , more than 13,000 people were homeless and landslides threatened more houses . 
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury . 
Under the originally contemplated terms of the offering , the notes would have been reset annually at a fixed spread above Treasurys . 
`` The ramifications are enormous , '' says Rep. Don Edwards , a California Democrat who is a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee . 
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents . 
At issue is an accord dating back to March in which Air France gained access to five domestic French routes under Air Inter 's flight numbers and the domestic airline got to fly to five cities outside of France under the flag of Air France . 
The trade surplus with Europe was pegged at $ 414 million , down 57 % from a year ago . 
The 57-year-old tax attorney never even aspired to the job of chief executive . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Webster shares fell 25 cents to $ 12.375 . 
Analysts agree there is little holding sterling firm at the moment other than Mr. Lawson 's promise that rates will be pushed higher if necessary . 
But in an interview in which he called the stock market 's volatility a `` national problem , '' Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. said , `` We are going to try to do some things in the short intermediate term '' to help the situation . 
Dennis O'Brien , the treasurer of Commonwealth Edison Co. in Chicago , adopts a polite approach , waiting for an opportunity to ask about the forecast . 
What Mr. Traub is hoping to put together , investment bankers say , is a management-led group to buy the New York department-store group that he heads from Campeau 's Federated Department Stores subsidiary . 
The rest , he is confident , can be raised . 
In a separate matter , the Justice Department yesterday said Boeing agreed to pay the government $ 11 million to settle claims that the company provided inaccurate cost information to the Air Force while negotiating contracts to replace the aluminum skins on the KC-135 tanker aircraft . 
So often are government statistics revised that they seem to resemble a spinning weather vane . 
Texaco 's situation had become particularly complex because much of its effort had for years been focused on its brawl with Pennzoil and then on New York investor Carl C. Icahn 's attempt to take over the company . 
Yet , all these issues are subsidiary to a more central issue : Who is and who should be making the criminal law here ? 
`` This decision will have a very considerable impact , '' said Kenneth Abraham , professor of environmental law and insurance law at the University of Virginia , because many commercial insurance policies are issued by companies based in New York . 
In a letter to Mr. Bennett 's office , released yesterday , Washington 's city administrator , Carol Thompson , complained that the drug czar had exaggerated the amount of federal drug-related assistance provided to the capital . 
Maybe he thinks they should also sell to the highest bidder . 
This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan , after years of making lackluster cars and lousy profits , has loosened up its rigid ways and now is riding a string of hits , ranging from the sleek Maxima sedan and Porsche-like 300ZX to the whimsically nostalgic Pao , a minicar sold only in Japan . 
Before taking any action , he advised the panel to `` see what the market has produced as a cure . '' 
The Deerfield , Ill. , medical products and services company posted net of $ 102 million , or 34 cents a share , compared with $ 85 million , or 28 cents a share , a year ago . 
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRANSPORTATION CO. , San Francisco , railroad , annual sales of $ 2.41 billion , had only minor damage to headquarters and tracks , and expects to be fully operational tomorrow . 
Instead , his Merrill broker put him in a zero-coupon CD , which is sold at a deep discount to its face value . 
`` I think it 's fairly clear { Mr. Keating } knew , '' that regulators were set to seize Lincoln , Mr. Seidman said . 
The U.S. argues that its plan would ease the transition to freer agriculture trade by converting certain non-tariff barriers into tariffs that , together with existing tariffs , then would be phased out over 10 years . 
In an advisory letter , the department said that , starting Oct. 18 , loans could be limited to `` parties in interest , '' which generally means active workers but also includes retirees who continue as directors and 10 % shareholders . 
-- PRICES . 
In Tokyo Thursday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.60 yen , up from Wednesday 's Tokyo close of 141.55 yen . 
There also are reports from several labs , as yet unpublished , of missing p53 genes in tissue taken from kidney , brain and skin cancers . 
Differences between the Treasury and the Federal Reserve on the usefulness of intervention to help restrain the dollar resurfaced at the hearing . 
Dataproducts Inc. said it filed a lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court to block a tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners , alleging that the hostile offer violates a standstill agreement between the two concerns . 
The average yield on both two-year CDs and five-year CDs was 7.98 % . 
Publishing reported operating profit was $ 33.3 million , nearly flat with the year-before $ 33 million . 
George L. Manzanec , 53 years old , senior vice president of Texas Eastern Corp. , was elected a group vice president of this natural-gas-pipeline concern . 
`` Please submit your offers , '' says Felipe Bince Jr . 
He had been group vice president of the electronic-publishing group . 
The administration of federal credit should closely parallel private lending practices , including the development of a loan loss reserve and regular outside audits . 
Both Ford and its rival General Motors recently set their sights on grabbing significant minority stakes in the British company . 
IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , remained upbeat . 
This is a condensed version of an essay that will appear in the January issue of the Naval Institute Proceedings . 
But Christies , Mr. Morishita insists , is happy to see him become a long-term stockholder . 
`` You 'll see fewer gimmicks . '' 
Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows would buckle and shower us with glass . 
( Mr. Dingell , by the way , has decreed another NIH investigation of the Baltimore paper , adding to several previous investigations . 
On the contrary , it is too responsive to an incorrect view of the public interest . 
Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from ( a ) Marxist devaluation of environmental resources , which are not produced by labor ; ( b ) planned economies ' inability to control pollution where enterprises are state-owned and penalties are paid by the government ; and ( c ) the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development , producing a far heavier and more wasteful use of energy and natural resources than in the West . 
Use of dispersants was approved when a test on the third day showed some positive results , officials said . 
`` About one-third of the fatality increase is attributed to greater travel , and about two-thirds is attributed to other factors { primarily to greater speed } , '' according to NHTSA . 
Joann S. Lublin contributed to this article . 
Carnival , for example , has already paid about $ 160 million of the total cost for Fantasy . 
However , the French merchant has about 200,000 tons of old crop Ivory Coast cocoa stored in the Netherlands from an agreement it had negotiated with the Ivory Coast last spring . 
One learns a lot from this book , or seems to , about crippling federal bureaucracy . 
But not Richard Cottrell , a San Francisco cab driver who bowls in two weekly leagues . 
The researchers reported they have been able to pluck the five genes that produced the toxin out of the pertussis bacterium . 
Male scandal victims invariably fare better . 
On Friday , Intel began notifying customers about the bugs which cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations . 
The dollar gained against most foreign currencies . 
This year is the 75th anniversary of the Federal Reserve System , and some members of Congress think it 's time to take a fresh look at the nation 's central bank . 
The Patterson group , which controls about 42 % of Rally 's shares , also may seek control . 
President Bush says he will name Donald E. Kirkendall to the new Treasury post of inspector general , which has responsibilities for the IRS ... . 
He is also a recovering workaholic , relaxing with his family and creating topiary , or garden-shrub sculpture , a fashionable pursuit for which he developed a passion during his three-year legal ordeal . 
But the new chairman vehemently opposed a provision in the bill that would give the agency the right to close the markets at times of stress . 
Most of the commodity traffic was off , the company said . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
These complex products require close monitoring because each must be valued separately in light of current market conditions . 
`` Some of us wondered how our intelligence people could put so much stock in his information when he was just as close to the Cubans . '' 
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . ) 
United Airlines , the largest carrier at San Francisco , was operating only 50 % of its scheduled service in and out of the area because of damage to its terminal , which in turn was causing delays for travelers headed to the Bay area . 
The accord with MIPS calls for Control Data to share its expertise in data storage , the companies said . 
These bonds , now rated single-D , include junk offerings by AP Industries , Columbia Savings ( Colorado ) , First Texas Savings Association , Gilbraltar Financial Corp. , Integrated Resources Inc. , Metropolitan Broadcasting Corp. , Resorts International Inc. , Southmark Corp. and Vyquest Inc . 
Sony Corp. , which temporarily dropped out of the PC business three years ago , started selling its work station in 1987 and quickly became the leading Japanese company in that market . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
That sometimes signals that they are laying plans to export corn . 
The cash injection boosted Zeta 's capital more than four-fold , to 8.47 billion pesetas from 1.82 billion pesetas , greatly enhancing the group 's ability to make investments , Zeta officials said . 
He once used that line in a closed-door meeting on Panama , meaning do n't shrink from taking action against Manuel Noriega . 
The closeness of Soviet perestroika to the fascist social blueprint of Mussolini was evident when Mr. Gorbachev presented his economic vision to the Soviet Congress . 
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission plans to restrict dual trading on commodity exchanges , a move almost certain to infuriate exchange officials and traders . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- 
Many companies are hesitating . 
`` The Japanese are in the early stage right now , '' said Thomas Kenney , a onetime media adviser for First Boston Corp. who was recently appointed president of Reader 's Digest Association 's new Magazine Publishing Group . 
Analysts said the move could presage even harsher action by the banks . 
Sterling plunged about four cents Thursday and hit the week 's low of $ 1.5765 when Mr. Lawson resigned from his six-year post because of a policy squabble with other cabinet members . 
But massage , no matter how chaste , is still associated in many minds with seedy fronts for prostitution , and that makes some executives nervous . 
Akzo 's biggest move in this area was the 1987 acquisition of Stauffer Chemical Co. 's specialty chemical business for $ 625 million . 
But high-yield , high-risk bonds fell 1\/4 to 1\/2 point with the stock market early in the session and never recovered . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
January platinum rose $ 2.30 an ounce to $ 488.60 . 
Tokyo stocks posted a second-consecutive loss Monday , while trading in Frankfurt , West Germany , was mixed . 
Customers hear a lot of this stuff from people who try to sell them stock . 
Frank plans the program , takes care of business , and approaches the work like any other job . 
Private-sector leaders praised the Conasupo restructuring . 
Discovision now has world-wide license agreements with major manufacturers covering CD audio disks , audio disk players , videodisks and videodisk players . 
And then , `` he wo n't panic , '' says J. Bruce Johnston , a former USX executive and now a labor and benefit consultant with Adler Cohen & Grigsby in Pittsburgh . 
This is the fifth year Citizens for Tax Justice has released a study on corporate tax bills . 
In July , Viacom Inc. formed Viacom Pictures to produce 12 low-budget movies a year that will premiere on Showtime network and be distributed later in various markets , including foreign theaters . 
To get a piece of the business , Nike Inc. , Beaverton , Ore. , introduced a line of mountain-bike shoes . 
Also unlike Mr. Ruder , Mr. Breeden appears to be in a position to get somewhere with his agenda . 
The Dorrance family will still receive a substantial portion of the auction proceeds above $ 100 million , people familiar with the transaction said . 
The killers fled with less than $ 100 . 
In perhaps his most telling remark , Mr. Greenspan termed the current U.S. inflation rate of around 4.5 % as `` much too high to be ignored . '' 
JKD : 
Instead , they 're scrambling to protect the very programs at the heart of the HUD scandal . 
`` The kinds of questions you had before have resurfaced , '' says Raymond A. `` Chip '' Mason , chairman of regional brokerage firm Legg Mason Inc. , Baltimore . 
ROSS STORES INC. , Newark , discount apparel chain , annual sales $ 576 million , two of 28 stores in Bay Area closed , both could open as early as today . 
Except for insurance , however , ITT said it expects improved operating earnings `` in all of our businesses for the full year . '' 
`` Yield greed often gets in the way of understanding things , '' says John Markese , research director of the American Association of Individual Investors , a Chicago-based educational group . 
The Chinese can not be seen to have made use of the Khmer Rouge and then discard them . '' 
Kim Schwartz , a spokesperson for the American Red Cross in Los Angeles , said television and radio stations in San Francisco played a `` very positive role '' by providing the address of 28 shelters of the Red Cross and by giving out the Red Cross number for contributions to help earthquake victims ( 1-800-453-9000 ) . 
Steel jackets of a type that may have prevented collapse of the columns of a 1.5-mile stretch of the Nimitz Freeway had been installed on at least a small test section of the double-decker highway last year by California 's Department of Transportation , employees familiar with the project say . 
In addition , delivery delays for the first two of as many as 28 Boeing 747-400s that the carrier has ordered have raised costs because personnel had been hired to man the planes . 
Mr. Rezneck is a lawyer in Washington , D.C . 
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios . 
Firms that are paying employment taxes also provide leads to competitors that are n't , he says . 
Metromedia Co. said its Metromedia Long Distance unit has been renamed Metromedia-ITT Long Distance , reflecting acquisitions from ITT Corp. , which licenses its name to closely held Metromedia . 
Montedison , which owns about 72 % of the company 's common stock , agreed to buy the rest for $ 37 a share . 
Colorado National is a unit of Colorado National Bankshares Inc. and Central is a unit of First Bank System of Minneapolis . 
While the theme is compelling , the plot and characters are not . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
The debt will include medium-term notes sold through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets ; Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. ; Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
By making clever inferences about how the squashed and distorted fossil remains corresponded to three-dimensional structures , this trio was able to piece together a series of wondrous beasties quite unlike anything currently on the planet . 
`` But the deals that never should have been brought have now become nuclear waste . 
What part did U.S. warnings play in the major 's unwillingness to pull the trigger when he had General Noriega in custody , but was under attack by pro-Noriega troops ? 
Beverly Hills , Calif. -- $ 116,385,000 of refunding certificates of participation ( civic center improvements project ) , due 1990-2004 , 2007 , 2016 and 2019 , tentatively priced by a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.19 % in 2016 . 
A company spokesman said the Veslefrikk field 's gross reserves were estimated in 1987 at 229 million barrels . 
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non-violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . '' 
Pfizer 
Brooks Brothers is also remodeling its stores . 
Yesterday , U S West shares rose 75 cents to close at $ 71.25 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Made of space-age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100-mile race , the company claims . 
It chronicles how , over a period of a dozen years , Southern Methodist University bought its way to football respectability in the Southwest Conference , only to find itself trapped and strangled by the athlete-payoff system it created . 
In its suit against Time , Viacom says the ownership of both cable systems and cable-programming networks gives the company too much market power . 
A month ago , the firm started serving dinner at about 7:30 each night ; about 50 to 60 of the 350 people in the investment banking operation have consistently been around that late . 
The Philanthropic Advisory Service of the BBB reviews hundreds of new charities every year , measuring them against minimum standards for accountability ; for accuracy and honesty in solicitation ; and for percentage of funds actually going to work for which the charity was supposedly established . 
He already has achieved vertical integration on a limited scale : Quebecor can put a weekly newspaper on almost any Quebec doorstep without using outside help , from chopping down the tree to making the newsprint to flinging it up onto the porch . 
Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , acknowledges that he was n't troubled by program trading when it began in the pre-crash bull market because it added liquidity and people were pleased to see stock prices rising . 
`` Atlanta , '' Mr. Savageau sniffs , `` has unrealistic pretensions to world-class status . '' 
Well , it now turns out that Mrs. Thatcher had to travel across the globe to the 49-member Commonwealth summit in Kuala Lumpur to discomfit the Holy Order of Consensus Builders . 
Jaguar was shocked by Mr. Ridley 's decision , because management had believed the government would n't lift the golden share without consulting the company first . 
Most of the measures would probably only start to have an effect on beleaguered Soviet consumers in two to three years at the earliest . 
Then Aer Lingus , the Irish flag carrier , could teach Aeroflot pilots to fly the Boeings , and the fleet could be based here at Shannon Airport . 
`` This is an outstanding example of how the East and the West can work together for their mutual benefit and progress , '' said Soviet Ambassador Yuri Dubinin , who hosted a signing ceremony for the venture 's partners at the Soviet embassy here . 
As a model of capitalist efficiency on southern China 's doorstep , Hong Kong 's prospects look good . 
Ronald Sloan , executive vice president of Siebel Capital Management , likes Wellman Inc. , a company that recycles plastic into synthetic fibers for carpeting . 
Food is the reformer 's top priority , the key to popular support . 
Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
( Mr. O'Dwyer is now one of the lawyers for Mr. Sutton 's media company . ) 
Last year , when the rising Orange River threatened to swamp the course , the same engineers who are pushing back the Atlantic rushed to build a wall to hold back the flood . 
The tender offer will be followed by the sale of all of Erbamont 's assets , subject to all of its liabilities , to Montedison . 
Sumitomo Realty & Development rose 40 to 2170 . 
General Mills , meanwhile , finds itself constrained from boosting sales further because its plants are operating at capacity . 
The company is owner and operator , or an equity partner , in six cogeneration facilities -- two in Texas and four in California . 
Manville , a forest and building products concern , has offered to pay the trust $ 500 million for a majority of Manville 's convertible preferred stock . 
Now , we regard this as a largely phony issue , but the `` long term '' is nonetheless a big salon topic all around the Beltway . 
Citicorp yesterday reported a 9 % third-quarter earnings drop , which analysts called a bit disappointing , while Manufacturers Hanover Corp. posted a $ 789 million loss for the quarter after adding $ 950 million to its reserve for loans to less-developed countries . 
`` It 's not uncommon for these guys to send pictures of themselves or their families to ingratiate themselves to their clients , '' says Terree Bowers , chief of the major-frauds section of the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles . 
Lawyers representing five of the seven defendants in the case say their clients can no longer afford their services . 
`` Batibot '' lacks the polish of `` Sesame Street . '' 
Excluding the British snack-food business acquired in July , snack-food international tonnage jumped 40 % , with sales strong in Spain , Mexico and Brazil . 
There is such a maze of federal , state and local codes that `` building inspectors are backing away from interpreting them , '' Mr. Dooling says . 
Load factor , or percentage of seats filled , climbed to 67.1 % from 66.6 % , even though the number of flights rose 6.9 % to 215,845 in the first-three quarters . 
Prices had been so unstable that two years ago Mr. Zaves gave up on long-term forecasts . 
The settlement stemmed from a lawsuit the dealers filed in 1982 when the Times began its own competing direct delivery service . 
The charge resulted from a settlement approved yesterday by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities . 
Billing is included in a caller 's regular phone bill . 
-- Marguerite Whitley May . 
`` But the marketplace changed . 
Viacom attributed the improvement to higher earnings from operations in its networks segment , which includes the MTV and Showtime networks . 
`` Most American investors have just given up , '' Mr. Brody says . 
Meanwhile , supporters of the Dellums two-party consent bill say it is needed because of a giant loophole in the one-party consent law . 
According to news reports , the abrupt termination was due to fears that VOA transmissions could interfere with the peace process . 
Nearly 10 years ago , representatives of service-sector companies worked out a plan with the Commerce Department to improve the data on service-sector exports . 
`` It 's an experience they do n't want to repeat . '' 
But the financial rewards are n't expected soon , nor are they guaranteed . 
The administration 's concerns are understandable . 
Intel said it had corrected the problems and would start producing bugless chips next week . 
`` It 's a very small shop . '' 
They trotted out another crop of instant commercials after the sudden market dip a few weeks ago . 
Whitehall cited concerns about how long Integrated would be able to hold together the sales force as one reason its talks with Integrated failed . 
Anton Amon and George Gourlay were elected vice presidents of this soft-drink company . 
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ... 
Many investors wrote asking the SEC to require insiders to report their purchases and sales immediately , not a month later . 
It does n't pay a dividend , and this trust needs income . 
`` I got to get back to school and straighten out my English . '' 
Despite warnings from such leaders as former Federal Reserve Board Chairman William McChesney Martin that unfixed commissions would undo the industry , the SEC in September 1973 said full competition must start May l , 1975 . 
Mr. Breeden 's selection will be scrutinized as an important signal about the strength of his commitment to continuing the SEC 's high-profile pursuit of insider trading and market manipulation on Wall Street . 
He recently told a small group of American businessmen in Moscow that he hoped to sign a general trade agreement with the U.S. , possibly at the 1990 summit . 
In fiscal 1989 , it had sales of about $ 40 million and an operating loss of $ 1.5 million . 
But some economists and government officials here are n't applauding . 
Although , like all scientific theories , it had its initial opponents , few experts question the connection now . 
`` You should really think twice if you think you can out-smart the system . '' 
Nevertheless , he noted , `` No one will want to go into the trade figures without a flat position '' in the pound . 
But some anti-smoking activists disagree , expressing anger at what they see as the company 's attempt to purchase innocence by association . 
They also approved the relocation of the company 's registered office to Toronto from Vancouver and a name change to NHI Nelson Holdings International Ltd . 
Moscow claims this is all needed to protect the Kabul regime against the guerrilla resistance . 
`` It 's pretty much weak across the board , '' said Martin Regalia , chief economist of the National Council of Savings Institutions . 
If the heavy outflows continue , fund managers will face increasing pressure to sell off some of their junk to pay departing investors in the weeks ahead . 
Westamerica said Mr. Decker 's posts were assumed by David Payne , Westamerica 's chairman , who at 34 years of age becomes one of the youngest chief executives of a sizable bank in the country . 
Sterling Software Inc. said it lost its bid to supply software services to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , Calif . 
Nissan Motor Co. 's domestic auto sales are up 20 % this year largely because its expensive Cima , Sylvia and Cefiro models are in heavy demand . 
`` The stock market ai n't going to do much of anything '' for a while , says John Neff of Wellington Management , who runs the $ 8.3 billion Windsor Fund . 
Prices of European government bonds also rose as U.S. stocks declined . 
Western Union took steps to withdraw a $ 500 million debt swap , citing turmoil in the junk bond market . 
Mr. Percival declined to comment . 
They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 24 , 25 , 29 , 30 and 31 , and Jan. 4 , 5 and 6 . 
The surprising discovery of the evening at Fisher was the high standard achieved by some of his now-obscure colleagues , notably Raimondo Boucheron . 
Raw-steel production by the nation 's mills decreased 0.8 % last week to 1,828,000 tons from 1,843,000 tons the previous week , the American Iron and Steel Institute said . 
What makes people blurt out their credit-card numbers to a caller they 've never heard of ? 
The agreement requires approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board and National Companies and Securities Commission , and from shareholders of Paxus . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Shearson shares lost 37.5 cents to $ 18.125 . 
One early user is NEC Corp. 's U.S. printer marketing arm . 
Also slowing growth in the U.S. were lackluster results for P&G 's cooking oils , which had a strong year-earlier first quarter . 
The Command 's huge bureaucracy is needed to analyze whether leaders of coups against Gen. Noriega meet the War Powers Act 's six points , Cap Weinberger 's seven points , the Intelligence Committee 's 32 points and Woodrow Wilson 's 14 points necessary to justify U.S. support . 
Revenue was C$ 291.6 million , up from C$ 252 million in 1988 . 
Qintex 's $ 1.5 billion pact to buy MGM\/UA collapsed recently . 
Yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills , an estimated $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor , Education , and Health and Human Services . 
Airlines tried to restrict the program substantially by limiting the offer to certain days of the week , but it still was apparently used far more heavily than the airlines expected . 
Gargantuan sections of a double-decker freeway have been heaved about like plastic building blocks . 
Sony has agreed to buy both companies , but is in a legal battle with Warner Communications Inc. over the services of producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters . 
Thus the conclusion is that the burden rests with management to understand\/adopt the culture and philosophy of the country in which they are operating . 
Apple shares fell 75 cents in over-the-counter trading to close at $ 48 a share . 
George A. Wiegers 
Akzo also has spent heavily on acquisitions in paints , auto finishes and industrial coatings . 
-- Creative financing . 
Cimflex Teknowledge rose 13\/16 , or 39 % , to 2 7\/8 on volume of 494,100 shares . 
Howard Bloom , president of the dress firm Chetta B Inc. , says : `` It 's big time chaos today . 
That power can sometimes be abused , particularly since jurists in smaller jurisdictions operate without many of the restraints that serve as corrective measures in urban areas . 
It also temporarily closed Quantum , because of the internal investigation , as well as the FDA 's ongoing inquiry . 
Its ambiguity and uneasy mixture of the serious and the comic is no doubt one reason why it is very much in vogue with directors just now . 
Crane said it holds an 8.9 % stake in the company and may seek control . 
In fact , during the past three months there have been several demonstrations at the office complex where the Land Bureau is housed , and at the National Assembly , demanding the government put a stop to real-estate speculation . 
Tribune Co. , helped by a hefty boost in performance at its broadcasting and entertainment operations , said net income jumped 21 % in its third quarter ended Sept. 24 on a 3 % increase in revenue . 
HomeFed had been one of the handful of large West Coast thrifts that in recent quarters had counteracted interest-rate problems dogging the industry by keeping a lid on problem assets and lending heavily into the furious California housing market . 
Beefeater alone is worth as much as # 300 million , analysts said . 
Vandenberg and Rayburn were wise enough to leave specific operations to presidents ; modern senators , Mr. Boren notwithstanding , are less modest . 
HEYNOW : 
Manila is offering several major assets for the first time and is trying to conclude sales already arranged . 
Rated Baa-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Well , how about a loan , he 'll take your name and address ... 
Five states -- Oregon , Rhode Island , New Hampshire , Iowa and Wisconsin -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage , but measures in 19 other states were defeated . 
Paribas is Allianz 's lead French bank . 
A new Gallup Poll study commissioned by the New York Business Group on Health , found that a full 25 % of the work force at companies may suffer from anxiety disorders or a stress-related illness , with about 13 % suffering from depression . 
British government restrictions prevent any single shareholder from going beyond 15 % before the end of 1990 without government permission . 
Treasury Securities 
Analysts said the announcement , the latest in a series of divestitures and restructuring moves , is aimed at improving Southam 's earnings before the expiration in June of a standstill pact with Torstar Corp . 
No , but he 's endangered all the same : His new sitcom on ABC needs a following to stay on the air . 
Currently , Boeing has a backlog of about $ 80 billion , but production has been slowed by a strike of 55,000 machinists , which entered its 22nd day today . 
Crises larger and more dangerous to the quality of life than they were 10 years ago . 
But he noted that speculators apparently do n't believe there is much more of a decline in store for cocoa . 
There are , of course , obvious dangers to blatant , unsubstantiated name-dropping . 
Many larger egg producers are also egg processors , who crack , inspect , and sanitize billions of eggs , turning them into powdered , liquified or frozen egg products . 
For instance , December contracts for WTI rose 17 cents to $ 20.42 . 
Lawyers at such firms as Sullivan & Cromwell ; Willkie Farr & Gallagher ; Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz ; and Fried , Frank , Harris , Shriver & Jacobson all say they , too , have experienced a significant slowdown , particularly during the past few weeks . 
Gone is D. Joseph Corr , the airline 's chairman , chief executive and president , appointed only last December . 
Charges for staff cuts and other restructuring produced a net loss of $ 54.1 million , or 77 cents a share , in 1988 's third quarter . 
Some plan to pursue foreign development ventures , mostly in Europe . 
While welcoming Nicholas McInnes 's Sept. 18 letter offering corrections to your `` World-Wide Tax Revolution '' table ( editorial page , Aug. 29 ) , I am surprised that he neglected other errors that , for some of us , strike close to home . 
As previously reported , those sales have been declining this year in the wake of allegations that the company engaged in unfair sales practices that encouraged customers to overpurchase services . 
MINORITY RECRUITING has yet to meet hopes raised by Bush administration . 
Securities analysts , however , remained downbeat . 
The new representative office , with one manager and two assistants -- none a member of the Rothschild family -- will carry out no banking operations of its own . 
X-rays have problems , too . 
Officials at the University of Virginia Art Museum certainly would agree . 
As Yogi Berra might say , it 's deja vu all over again . 
MCI Communications , the most active issue , finished down 5\/8 to 42 1\/8 . 
A Bankers Trust spokesman said that the company 's investment arm uses stock-index arbitrage to enhance investors ' returns . 
Detroit tries to counter the foreign invasion with new brands of its own . 
The company installed a prototype system that connects Dallas with Miami over digital phone lines . 
Mr. Holt is a columnist for the Literary Review in London . 
Bruce Willis 's best attribute as an actor is his coy , lazy voice , and that 's all you get of him here , speaking for the baby . 
This exercise would reveal the true cost of a particular program by forcing the strategists to make hard decisions . 
The dollar weakened against most other major currencies . 
In 1988 , Fluor had revenue of $ 5.1 billion and earnings of $ 56.4 million , or 71 cents a share . 
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October . 
`` We were just beginning to look at the increase in IPOs , seeing the light at the end of the tunnel , '' says Frank Kline Jr. , partner in Lambda Funds , a Beverly Hills , Calif. , venture capital concern . 
Sam Albert , a consultant in Scarsdale , N.Y. , said that in the past IBM has developed broad software strategies only for problems that crossed industry lines . 
Earlier this year , Tata Iron & Steel Co. 's offer of $ 355 million of convertible debentures was oversubscribed . 
The producer of paper used in magazines and by commercial printers said spending on the expansion is planned to begin in the first quarter of 1990 . 
Last week the stock hit an all-time high of 37 1\/4 before getting roughed up in the Friday-the-13th minicrash . 
`` The pigs in the trough may have to give a little bit of the slop back and then the deal can go through , '' said Peter C. Canellos , tax partner at Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz . 
But industry observers still questioned whether Georgia Pacific will ultimately prevail . 
Tuesday , October 31 , 1989 
Whatever he plays , Mr. McDuffie finds satisfaction in the music itself -- `` something greater out there than me , '' as he puts it during an interview at the Manhattan apartment he shares with wife , Camille , a literary publicist . 
Stores in upper-income neighborhoods , for instance , will carry high-priced wines , publications such as Vanity Fair , gourmet pasta sauces , oat bran cereals and Weight Watchers and Pritikin products . 
`` If K mart ca n't get its act together in discounting , why is it spending time worrying about other growing markets ? '' 
The conversation was taped by federal investigators in what Mr. Lang said was an effort to get Mr. Lorin to implicate Mr. Laff . 
The result : Kidder will focus on rich individual investors and small companies , much closer to the clientele of Goldman , Sachs & Co. than a serve-the-world firm like Merrill Lynch or Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Traders credited Euro Disney 's share performance to the tremendous hyping of the project that the shares are destined to help finance : Walt Disney Co. 's 4,800-acre theme park 20 miles east of Paris . 
The short-term shift in the political climate surrounding abortion reflects two factors that are likely to govern the debate in the next several months : the reawakening of the abortion-rights movement as a potent force after years of lassitude , and the ability of each side to counter the other 's advance in one arena with a victory of its own elsewhere . 
Perhaps the Halloween season is a good time for Congress to be looking at funding for some ghostbusting equipment . 
Mr. Kaiser noted that gold was more than 71 times the price of silver at the close yesterday , which is historically high . 
Yale-New Haven Hospital sees no problem , says John Fenn , the chief of staff . 
Officials also say a national electricity shortage might not be far off . 
I 'm anti-white . '' 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
Two major drug companies posted strong third-quarter earnings , in line with profits already reported by industry leaders and analysts ' expectations . 
Many of the problems you presented exist in every part of this country . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
A survey of 54,000 of them conducted by the IAFP in April showed that these practitioners alone had controlled or guided the investment of $ 154 billion of their clients ' money in the previous 12 months . 
Odds and Ends 
Mr. Bloch concedes that a recent diversification attempt fell through . 
Grace Energy just two weeks ago hauled a rig here 500 miles from Caspar , Wyo. , to drill the Bilbrey well , a 15,000-foot , $ 1-million-plus natural gas well . 
Excluding tax credits , profit was 6 % below the second quarter . 
Though the assassination ban is a White House order that Congress never voted on , the intelligence committees can exercise influence over its interpretation . 
The comptroller 's office says it is `` monitoring the situation . '' 
The company earned $ 6.6 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
Mr. Giuliani is finding that Mr. Dinkins , in his many years in public life , has built up considerable good will that so far has led many voters to overlook certain failings . 
Its stock has slumped recently , closing unchanged Friday at $ 29 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange ; at that price , the company has a market value of about $ 278.4 million . 
Managers have `` some very broad discretion , '' says an official at Walt Disney Co . 
Two private groups are seeking Securities and Exchange Commission approval for plans that could be more broadly transferable . 
Last year , Cray earned $ 156.6 million , or $ 4.99 a share , on revenue of $ 756.3 million . 
The fragile market received its biggest jolt last month from Campeau Corp. , which created its U.S. retailing empire with more than $ 3 billion in junk financing . 
`` With the FBI around here , bragging rights are a thing of the past , '' said one trader , referring to the federal investigation of futures trading that so far has resulted in 46 indictments lodged against individuals on the Merc and the Chicago Board of Trade . 
American Medical has agreed to the offer , but earlier this month said it had received new `` expressions of interest '' from two previous bidders . 
Mr. Engelken , says his wife , `` was overwhelmed by the whole thing . 
Donna Rice of Gary Hart fame failed to obtain a book contract and lost her modeling contract for `` No Excuses '' jeans . 
The Treasury 's report , which is required annually by a provision of the 1988 trade act , again took South Korea to task for its exchange-rate policies . 
All of a sudden , prices were no longer in denominations of 100 or 200 . 
Many of those `` cyclical '' issues are in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which fell 26.23 to 2662.91 . 
Its antihero , Said Mahran , is an Egyptian Raskolnikov who seeks nobility in robbing and killing . 
However , on balance , the charity game helps America . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Tuesday , gold was quoted at $ 376.80 an ounce . 
Completion of the sale is expected early next year , Falcon said . 
GASB rules still apply for other government units . 
Most New York judges are elected , and the federal age-discrimination law does n't apply to elected officials , said James L. Lee , regional attorney for the EEOC in New York . 
In a great restaurant , do n't deprive yourself . 
Swiveling in his chair , Mr. Straszheim replies that the new outlook , though still weak , does n't justify calling a recession right now . `` 
If MGM Grand Inc. proceeds with its plan for an amusement park -- a $ 700 million movieland resort with a working studio , casino and 5,000-room hotel that would become Las Vegas 's biggest -- the investment in the three properties will total some $ 1.6 billion . 
In a meeting in New York yesterday , the committee put on hold instructions it gave two weeks ago to its experts to explore other options for Eastern 's future , the sources said . 
The plea settlement does not allow Southern Co. to charge any of the $ 500,000 to its customers , or take action against employees who provided information during the federal inquiry . 
The suit 's impact on New York may be narrow , however . 
Still , miners from all parts of Namibia as well as professional staff from De Beers 's head offices in South Africa and London keep coming . 
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable . 
At the end of the third quarter McDonald 's had 10,873 units operating world-wide . 
Currently , even though the issuer does n't pay tax , the debt holder is taxed on the accrued interest . 
Revenue for fiscal 1989 is expected to exceed $ 124 million . 
Interest will be imposed on unpaid taxes , but late-payment penalties on the returns will be waived if the balance due and paid is 10 % or less of the liability . 
In the recent Housing and Urban Development Department scandal , for example , Rep. Thomas Lantos , the California Democrat who led the hearings , tiptoed through embarrassing disclosures about HUD grants secured by Sen. Alfonse D'Amato , a New York Republican . 
The Senate is expected to make some modifications today , but both the White House and Congress appear most anxious to speed final approval before tonight 's deadline . 
Gregory Damonne Brown of Fremont , Calif. , a hardworking , reclusive young bachelor , told that story to the Tax Court . 
Nissan is the world 's only auto maker currently building vehicles in all three of the world 's key economic arenas -- the U.S. , Japan and Europe . 
So he 's using `` river '' in many project names . 
`` We like to make our own judgments '' about Mr. Morishita , says Christopher Davidge , Christies ' group managing director . 
On military alternatives if the U.S. pulls back : `` The Soviets already are present . 
Never in my life have I been so frightened . 
These groups have been trying to improve the mountain biker 's image ; in the San Francisco-area park district where a ranger was clobbered by a cyclist this summer bikers have formed a volunteer patrol to help rangers enforce regulations , and to school riders in proper trail etiquette . 
`` In general , it was a bearish close , '' said Ben Hanauer , a copper trader at Rudolph Wolff & Co. , a major commodities trading and brokerage firm . 
The robberies also have set off a controversy involving the airlines . 
In London , the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index jumped 34.6 points to close at its intraday high of 2170.1 . 
Daniel Akerson , MCI chief financial officer , said the company sees further improvements in operating margins . 
A former U.S. Marine , Mr. Dinkins got off to a quick start in politics , joining a local Democratic political club in the 1950s , linking up with black urban leaders such as Charles Rangel , Basil Paterson and Mr. Sutton , and getting himself elected to the state assembly in 1965 . 
And her husband sometimes calls her `` Ducky . '' 
An ITT spokesman said the charge was n't publicly reported at the time . 
In addition to the $ 8 million for Citicorp and Chase , Salomon Brothers is also owed $ 3 million for promising to make a $ 200 million bridge loan . 
`` Everybody forgets that there are fashion cycles in classic merchandise , '' observes Carol Farmer , a retail consultant . 
A group of senior Conservative legislators , complaining the House of Commons was like a sauna , demanded that the experiment be stopped unless the intensity of the lights is reduced . 
In particular , advisers say , investors may want to look at securities that reduce the risk that CD holders are confronting right now , of having to reinvest the proceeds of maturing short-term certificates at lower rates . 
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self-incrimination . 
East Rock Partners Limited Partnership said it proposed to acquire A.P. Green Industries Inc. for $ 40 a share . 
Bruce Hoyt , a banking analyst with Boettcher & Co. , a Denver brokerage firm , said Valley National `` is n't out of the woods yet . '' 
Volume totaled 11,820,000 shares . 
But it has n't worked out that way . 
A classic example of institutions ' hunger for liquidity is portfolio insurance , now widely discredited . 
But the no-more-nonsense superintendents are going to have to be judicious as well ; incompetent principals and administrators should go , but the good ones ought to be left alone . 
He said unfavorable currency translations were also a factor in the quarter . 
There is a fundamental conflict between providing a subsidy and maintaining the integrity of a credit program . 
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . '' 
By concealing the non-enforcement agreement , certain transactions with Messrs. Taylor and Watson were entered on FirstSouth 's books as loans , allowing the thrift to report fees and interest as current income , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Little Rock , Ark . 
Earlier this month , Mr. Iverson agreed to buy exclusive rights to a software system developed by Visher Systems Inc. , Salt Lake City . 
The acquisition is subject to approval by Kennametal 's board . 
Compaq Computer soared 4 5\/8 to 111 1\/8 on 1.8 million shares in response to the company 's announcement of plans to introduce several products next month . 
So many companies are investing in high-tech machinery that Fanuc Ltd. , a robot maker , also had to build a new plant . 
Mr. Englund added that next month 's data is n't likely to be much better , because it will be distorted by San Francisco 's earthquake . 
More than ever , his pro-consumer and pro-environment record is in sync with the state . 
But since then U.S. oil production has declined and Mobil wants to focus its oil-finding efforts overseas . 
`` That 's something they can do very well . 
`` Nothing is too good for our golf course , '' says Tony George , a mining engineer . 
Small-business groups also will fight the medical-leave provision of legislation that would expand parental leaves . 
Mr. Keating arranged nearly $ 1 million in donations to Sen. Cranston and his various political causes , and hundreds of thousands more to other lawmakers . 
c - reflects extraordinary loss of five cents a share and extraordinary gain of 14 cents a share from cumulative effect of accounting change . 
A family foundation set up by late founder Henry Dunker controls 59 % of Trelleborg 's voting shares outstanding . 
But his complaint that `` Days of Rage '' does n't contain balanced comments from Israelis about how badly the Palestinians are behaving is irrelevant . 
The assembly plant is scheduled to resume production on Oct. 30 . 
AmBase Corp. , New York , awarded the ad account for its Home Insurance Co. unit to Biederman , Kelly & Shaffer , New York . 
Mr. Greenspan also said that although he favors cutting capital-gains taxes as sound economic policy , he would oppose such a move if it would undo the political compromise embodied in the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and result in higher marginal income tax rates . 
`` Things work out unexpectedly in life , '' said Ms. Volokh . 
To get the necessary growth , adds Murray Ruffel , a marketing official at the Financial Programs mutual-fund group , `` you need to go to the stock market . '' 
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons . 
But those who said `` This ca n't be happening '' were right . 
The 10.48 % yield represents a spread to the 20-year Treasury of 2.45 percentage points . 
That the motivation for the two-year reduction to 19.6 % is budgetary does not mean it is not in the public interest . 
`` But the Filipinos and the Americans , when I talk to them , there 's so much passion about Filipino manhood being diminished as a result of being squatted upon by the Americans and so on . 
Still , the list of troubled Drexel bond offerings dwarfs that of any firm on Wall Street , as does its successful offerings . 
Butane and propane can be used as coolants , for example , but are flammable . 
There were no complaints from affiliates of CBS Inc. and Cable News Network , a unit of Turner Broadcasting System Inc . 
But if you happen to be coming to Chicago in the next few weeks , do n't fail to have a look at Robert Falls 's `` The Misanthrope '' at the Goodman . 
Aer Lingus is in discussions with the Soviet carrier about a cargo venture and other possibilities . 
Not everyone , however , is at ease with office massage . 
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sam Nunn ( D. , Ga . ) and other Senate conferees have opposed the House cuts , stalling for almost two months action on a number of big-ticket items in the Pentagon 's budget . 
But it may amount to little more than posturing ; the two have continued on-again , off-again settlement talks over the last few weeks , and people familiar with the talks say the matter could be resolved within a week . 
A 20 % stake would allow Honeywell to include Yamatake earnings in its results . 
Feedlots fatten cattle for slaughter , so a drop indicates that the production of beef will dip this winter . 
He adds that short-term comparisons `` can be very misleading because of differences in timing of marketing programs from year to year . '' 
Clearly , though , scam artists have to be a bit more subtle than simply promising millions ; the psychology of suckers is n't simply the psychology of the greedy . 
Today investors will focus on the long-awaited auction of $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds by Resolution Funding Corp . 
The bank holding company also reported that third-quarter profit dropped 41 % , to $ 42.7 million , or 61 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 72.3 million , or $ 1.04 a share . 
Many of Wednesday 's winners were losers yesterday as investors quickly took profits and rotated their buying to other issues , traders said . 
U.S. Memories needs a catalyst , he said , to inspire others to join . 
Alan Murray contributed to this article . 
Chicago has the largest population of citizens of Polish heritage in any city outside Poland . 
Researchers in Edinburgh , Scotland , have found that in 23 of 38 breast tumors , one copy of chromosome 17 was mutated at the spot where gene p53 lies . 
In California , a bellwether market , they accounted for more than 80 % of all bike sales . 
When that day comes , it would be particularly awful to know that the United States sat on military aid and deprived these people of the means to settle their fate with at least a little honor . 
Today , Sen. Mitchell and other leading Democrats plan to turn up the heat again by holding a news conference to bash the proposal . 
A 190-point plunge in U.S. stock shares compounded the view , they say . 
That money also would have to be borrowed . 
His humility gives him a much better chance of success . 
Or ever will . '' 
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . '' 
They scooped up hundreds of S&P futures when the market needed it most . 
Before the two parties resumed talks last week , De Beers offered 17 % and the union wanted 37.6 % . 
If he calls you up , just tell him everything is fine . '' 
Attorneys for Messrs. Burke and Evans and Ms. Clarke said that although their clients admitted to making some misrepresentations in the sales , they had believed that the works were authorized by Mr. Dali , who died in January . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce . 
Termination means that the agency 's insurance assumes the liabilities and pays the pension benefits already owed under the plans , but workers do n't accrue new benefits . 
Surrounded by stacks of paper , two computers and photos of himself boating and flying , Mr. Phillips laid out several changes he hopes to make at the agency . 
Interest during first year paid semiannually at 7.51 % . 
Mr. Schwarz , who is president of U.S. Trust , will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer , 42 , who is executive vice president in charge of the company 's asset-management group . 
What was n't mentioned is that Coniston and its investment banker , Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette , just completed a two-week `` road show '' for the purpose of marketing the bonds . 
With jury verdicts getting bigger all the time , companies are increasingly willing to pay huge sums for such advice . 
The bleak trade report was played down by the Bush administration . 
`` Unless he changes , they lose , '' said a Democratic leadership aide . 
And Mr. Straszheim conceded after a recent drop in manufacturing jobs that `` it may prove to be the case that we got whipsawed -- that we pulled the recession forecast at just the wrong time . '' 
The company took a $ 20 million charge in the fiscal first quarter ended April 29 , related to discontinuing the service . 
With fast-food outlets on every corner , he , like many , does n't think he has a choice in the price war : `` Our customers say that they wo n't go into a fast-food store unless they get a coupon . '' 
TAXPAYERS ' RIGHTS are defined by a growing number of states . 
And those efforts are paying off : Spirits exports jumped more than 2 1\/2 times to $ 157.2 million in 1988 from $ 59.8 million in 1983 , according to the Distilled Spirits Council of the U.S. , a trade group . 
Also participating in the issue was Servifilm Spain Cinematografica S.A . 
The earnings-per-share figures reflect a 25 % stock dividend in June 1989 . 
By then , DLJ hopes to be able to sell less-junky junk bonds . 
Timothy Vincent , Petco chief executive officer , confirmed that Petco was withdrawing from the clearing business . 
In those areas , the role of NSC staffers under them therefore have become more important . 
Mr. Cano is president of El Espectador , a newspaper founded by his grandfather . 
There are also questions about whether a new and inexperienced mayor can manage the city through what could become a financial crisis . 
`` It 's serious stuff . 
Brokers do n't deny that . 
`` Having more than a token presence here should enhance communications and business relationships , '' Mr. Litvinchuk said . `` 
But some other analysts have a stormier forecast for the pound , particularly because Britain 's inflation is hovering at a relatively lofty annual rate of about 7.6 % and the nation is burdened with a struggling government and large current account and trade deficits . 
Possible bidders include Christopher Ondaatje , a Toronto financier and vice chairman of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , a holding company controlled by Toronto 's Bronfman family . 
Western Union had offered to swap each $ 1,000 face amount of the notes for six shares of common stock and two new debt issues : a $ 500 note paying an interest rate starting at 16.75 % annually and rising in later years , due in 1992 , and a $ 500 note , due in 1997 , paying a fixed rate of 17 % and including rights protecting a holder against a decline in the trading price of the bond . 
Mr. Checchi 's purchase of NWA , Mr. Batchelder notes , `` was probably the most aggressive to date , '' with bank debt at 85 % of the purchase price . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.575 % 30 days ; 8.50 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days . 
The issue 's smooth absorption eased fears that supply would overwhelm demand in coming sessions , traders said . 
`` He is cornered , '' says the Rev. Fernando Guardia , who has led Catholic Church opposition against Noriega . 
In the trial of former Haas Securities Chairman Eugene Laff , the defense accused one of the government 's chief witnesses of threatening to kill Mr. Laff . 
He said the stock has n't traded below 1 1\/2 times book value over the past 10 years , which at the moment computes to a stock price of $ 100 . 
You 'll find her there . 
And when you 're making a movie this big , you need all the help you can get , '' Mr. De Palma adds . 
It has a `` great location , but they 're going to have some real problems when everyone around them opens , '' says Daniel Lee , a Drexel analyst . 
The employees also said the project may have been snagged by budgetary concerns . 
The directors signaled , however , that they would be willing to consider future offers or take some other action to maximize shareholder value , saying they would continue to explore `` all strategic and financial alternatives . '' 
For example , a spokesman for Advanced Micro Devices said the Sunnyvale chip maker is worried about blackouts . 
For each poll , the odds are 19 out of 20 that if pollsters had sought to survey every household in the U.S. using the same questionnaire , the findings would differ from these poll results by no more than 2 1\/2 percentage points in either direction . 
`` The situation you want to avoid is having somebody not save anything and hope they 'll be able to do it out of current income , '' he says . 
That 's a good sign when profits are stable during a time revenue is in the trough . 
But for companies that use hundreds of eggs a day , breaking them by hand can get , well , out of hand . 
Mr. Holmes was the subject of a page one profile in The Wall Street Journal in 1984 , after the SEC questioned him about ties between him and companies he touted in a newsletter . 
Coca-Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft-drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country . 
The long-term outlook for the retail brokerage business is `` miserable , '' Mr. Ross declares . 
Then someone decided to try broken-down earthmoving equipment that , inexplicably , held against the waves . 
It will reduce spending in a very effective fashion . '' 
But in the harsh world of today 's Wall Street they have lost out to more aggressive and sometimes less scrupulous successors . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
Profit for its commercial insurance division fell 30 % to $ 59 million , reflecting higher catastrophe losses and the price war in the property\/casualty market for nearly three years . 
Another U.S. proposal filed Monday urges more `` fair play '' in services trade , including predictable and clear rules and equality in the treatment of foreign and domestic service companies . 
He says he wants to `` influence '' but not `` manage '' companies . 
Although management led a leveraged buy-out of R.H. Macy in July 1986 , the company still makes financial filings because of its publicly traded debt . 
For the first eight months of 1989 , thrifts ' withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 44.5 billion . 
During the past 10 years , Hong Kong 's economic growth has averaged 8.3 % annually . 
A labor chief speaks sardonically of having to `` man and woman '' Election Day phones . 
AVON RENT-A-CAR & TRUCK Corp. said it declared a dividend of one warrant for each three shares of common stock . 
Seats are quoted at $ 430,000 bid and $ 525,000 asked . 
Yesterday , Compaq plunged further , closing at $ 100 a share , off $ 8.625 a share , on volume of 2,633,700 shares . 
The move , which injects capital into the system , is seen as an effort to reassure the finanicial markets that the U.S. central bank is ready to provide the ample liquidity . 
In the auto sector , Bayerische Motoren Werke plunged 14.5 marks to 529 marks ( $ 288 ) , Daimler-Benz dropped 10.5 to 700 , and Volkswagen slumped 9 to 435.5 . 
Unfilled orders for durable goods rose 0.4 % in September , to $ 476.14 billion , after declining for the first time in 2 1\/2 years in August . 
Armco , hampered by lower volume in its specialty steel business , said third-quarter net income dropped 8 % to $ 33 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 36 million , or 39 cents a share in the year-ago quarter . 
`` There is some feeling here that the cuts are the way to go . 
Still , some lawyers say the mergers slowdown has n't affected foreign buyers as much as domestic ones . 
In this sense , a teacher can be compared to one 's family doctor . 
I used to wear hats in Russia , but I had to make them and my dresses . 
Blinder International Enterprises Inc. , the parent of beleaguered penny-stockbroker Blinder , Robinson & Co. , said its shareholders approved a previously announced name change to Intercontinental Enterprises Inc . 
I mean it is a normal adult relationship . 
After prodding from Mr. Sanford , U.S. Attorney Jack Eskenazi pleaded with Justice Department officials in Washington to let the indictment proceed . 
Maybe it 's not that simple . 
It also holds nearly 40,000 acres of raw land with development potential , but under a previously announced strategy , the company has targeted building on 5,400 acres in California , Arizona and the Chicago area . 
Paxus said in a statement it has several `` well developed product and services relationships '' with the U.S. computer company , and plans to expand these links . 
The protesters point out that Galileo also could crash to Earth then . 
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million . 
First Boston 's merchant banking risks mounted last month as highly leveraged Campeau Corp. , First Boston 's most lucrative client of the decade , was hit by a cash squeeze and the high-risk junk bond market tumbled . 
A major boost to Mr. Rey 's respectability among the Swiss came in 1986 when he sold 60 % of his Phibro Bank to the conservative Swiss cantonal banks . 
Under Superfund , those who owned , generated or transported hazardous waste are liable for its cleanup , regardless of whether their actions were legal at the time . 
A spy was born . 
Little money has been returned to upgrade Pemex 's aging facilities . 
`` I think the dynamics of this situation are that something 's got to happen , '' said one official familiar with the situation . 
The first real test of whether prices have hit bottom may come in the next several weeks , when the new prices become effective . 
In exchange offers that expired Friday , holders of each $ 1,000 of notes will receive $ 250 face amount of Series A 7.5 % senior secured convertible notes due Jan. 15 , 1995 , and 200 common shares . 
The post had been vacant for more than a year . 
Nekoosa ranked 11th with sales of $ 3.59 billion . 
James Snedeker , senior vice president of Gill & Roeser Inc. , a New York-based reinsurance broker , says insurers who took big losses this fall and had purchased little reinsurance in recent years will be asked to pay some pretty hefty rates if they want to buy reinsurance for 1990 . 
Many a piglet wo n't be born as a result , and many a ham will never hang in a butcher shop . 
Petroleum products prices also declined . 
They sow a row of male-fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male-sterile plants . 
A spokeswoman for GE in Fairfield , Conn. , said , `` Absolutely no one spoke to Jack Welch on this subject '' and added , `` Anyone who claims they talked to Jack Welch is n't telling the truth . '' 
Just a few months ago , the three-month Eurodollar rate was around 9.5 % , while three-month Hibor hit highs above 11 % . 
Warner-Lambert Co . 
-- Some 17.2 % of all money income received by families in 1988 went to the wealthiest 5 % of all families , up from 16.9 % in 1987 . 
To make an LBO work , now we are going to need more than just junk bonds . 
Before the recent tumult in global financial markets , B.A.T officials , holders and analysts had expected a substantial part of the restructuring to be complete by the end of the first half . 
This can have its purposes at times , but there 's no reason to cloud the importance and allure of Western concepts of freedom and justice . 
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table . 
Judge Merhige will make the appointment . 
Dealers said some defensive investors were buyers of mortgages , as were dealers seeking collateral for REMICs priced earlier last week . 
Some analysts say the latest results only seem pale by comparison with a spectacular second half of 1988 . 
In addition , Unisys set up an unspecified reserve -- apparently $ 60 million to $ 70 million -- to cover the minimum amount it will have to pay the government because of its involvement in the defense-procurement scandal . 
Some issues were affected by Tuesday 's devastating earthquake in the San Francisco area . 
`` We do n't need the cash . '' 
C.B. Rogers Jr. was named chief executive officer of this business information concern . 
Some researchers say new cancer drugs to slow or reverse tumor growth may be based on the suppressor proteins normally produced by the genes . 
Montgomery County , Md. -- $ 75 million of general obligation , Series B , consolidated public improvement bonds of 1989 , through a Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. group . 
Looking ahead to other commodity markets this week : 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
At a nationally televised legislative session in Budapest , the Parliament overwhelmingly approved changes formally ending one-party domination in the country , regulating free elections by next summer and establishing the office of state president to replace a 21-member council . 
United paid him a $ 375,000 bonus to lure him away from American Airlines , and he was paid a salary of $ 342,122 last year with a $ 280,000 bonus . 
During negotiations with American officials in May 1988 over proposals to drop the U.S. indictments in exchange for his resignation , Mr. Noriega often asked almost plaintively how the Americans , whom he had helped for so many years , could turn against him . 
He says he has quit the business and is back in school , majoring in psychology with aspirations to go into industrial psychology . ) 
`` Warehouse productivity is really beginning to take off . '' 
Jamaica Fires Back 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Operating profit , pretax profit and net income results , however , were provided for the immediately preceding six-month period . 
`` Recent data have indicated somewhat weaker economic activity , '' said Elliott Platt , director of economic research at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities . 
Noriega was an expert at bribing and blackmailing people . '' 
At the time , Quotron was reporting that the industrial average was down 70 points . 
He estimates that the price of West Texas Intermediate , the U.S. benchmark crude , was $ 4.04 a barrel higher during the third quarter of this year than in the same period last year . 
And now Kellogg is indefinitely suspending work on what was to be a $ 1 billion cereal plant . 
Mr. Paul , for his part , defends the Rubens price , saying a lot of the experts have never seen the thing itself . 
In Oakland , officials said the 57-year-old longshoreman who spent four days entombed in rubble was in critical condition with slight improvement . 
The conventional wisdom is to go into money funds when rates are rising and shift out at times such as the present , when rates seem headed down . 
Some adjusters , like Alan Singer of San Diego , had been working in Charleston for nearly four weeks . 
Dr. Morgan is a highly educated white professional who attended some of the `` best '' schools . 
The company 's chemicals interests include , among other things , petroleum additives , pharmaceuticals ingredients and polysilicon used by the semiconductor industry . 
Sale of the solution in concentrated form to Communist countries is prohibited by Japanese law and by international agreement . 
As banks processed six-foot telexes of sell orders , the crush led to Manic Monday 's worst decline : German stocks ended down 13 % . 
More than 700 people work in the GTE building . 
While utilization management frequently reduces hospitalization costs , these savings are often offset by increases in outpatient services and higher administrative costs , according to the report by a panel of health-care experts . 
`` There certainly has n't been a panic reaction , '' said Steven Norwitz , a vice president at T. Rowe Price Associates . 
In a separate SEC filing , Albert Safer , who holds 6.46 % of United Merchants , said he retained investment bank Lazard Freres & Co. for advice as he evaluates the possibility of making a bid for the textile maker . 
You hate to do it because he 's your father . '' 
Terms of the settlements for the remaining 145 lawsuits against Northwest were n't disclosed . 
MADD did n't learn of the fund raising until the couple sent it a check for $ 613 , along with a letter saying that was the charity 's `` share . '' 
Baltimore Gas & Electric Co. -- $ 100 million of first and refunding mortgage bonds , due Oct. 15 , 1999 , through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , offered at par to yield 8.40 % . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 27 , 1989 , through Oct. 26 , 1993 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Nov. 1 . 
First , if I canceled , I 'd have no more insurance , a not insignificant consideration . 
Wall Street traders and analysts estimate that takeover stock traders own UAL stock and options equal to as many as 6.5 million shares , or about 30 % of the total outstanding . 
It also marks a `` major commitment to { real estate } development , which we have n't been involved with before , '' said Dale Hanson , the fund 's executive director . 
We practically ran our own studio . '' 
The Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund of New York City has received complaints from homosexual couples whom the airline does n't recognize as family . 
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales . 
Mr. Miller notes that actor Paul Newman 's family owned a sporting-goods store in Cleveland , that the late actress Margaret Hamilton , who played the bad witch in `` The Wizard Of Oz , '' once ran a nursery school in Cleveland and that comedian Bob Hope 's father , a stonemason , once worked on a church next to Severence Hall , Cleveland 's main concert hall . 
The timing for change was right . 
The former president of FirstSouth F.A. , a defunct Arkansas thrift , pleaded guilty to conspiring to inflate the institution 's earnings by concealing worthless loan guarantees . 
Fossett still had several million dollars in capital left after Friday 's close of trading , but not enough that regulators , worried about another potential market plunge yesterday , would let it reopen for trading , options exchange officials said . 
Toni Johnson pulls a tape measure across the front of what was once a stately Victorian home . 
The result is that those rich enough to own any real estate at all have boosted their holdings substantially . 
Most of the buying was institutional , he added . 
McCaw is seeking 50.3 % of the cellular and broadcasting concern ; the revised offer includes a feature requiring McCaw to begin an auction process in July 1994 that would buy out remaining holders at a per-share price roughly equivalent to what a third party might then have to pay for all of LIN . 
Yesterday , Mr. Trump tried to put the blame for the collapse of the UAL deal on Congress , saying it was rushing through a bill to protect AMR executives . 
Tuesday , Nov. 7 , 8-9 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Hurricane ! '' 
According to William Orbe , an attorney at Grais & Richards , the escrow agents for the fund , as of Sept. 30 the fund amounted to $ 60.5 million . 
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake-up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet . 
It was n't known to what extent , if any , the facility was damaged . 
Given the seismic history of the Bay Area , `` it seems to me that a 6.9 earthquake is a foreseeable event . '' 
One cell was teased out , and its DNA extracted . 
The Oversight Board , created in the savings-and-loan law signed in August , sets policy for the RTC , which will sell hundreds of the nation 's sick thrifts and billions of dollars of their assets . 
The house itself , located about 50 yards from the collapsed section of double-decker highway Interstate 880 , was pushed about four feet off its foundation and then collapsed into its basement . 
In the wake of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's surprise resignation and sterling 's subsequent nose-dive , most analysts had little good to say about the pound 's near-term prospects . 
Forecasts for the trade figures range widely , but few economists expect the data to show a very marked improvement from the # 2 billion ( $ 3.2 billion ) deficit in the current account reported for August . 
The oil and auto industries , united in their dislike of President Bush 's proposal for cars that run on alternative fuels , announced a joint research program that could turn up a cleaner-burning gasoline . 
The South was off 2 % after the first nine months , while the North Central region was up 3 % . 
The transaction will take place tomorrow . 
Loral said the contract with Turkey will provide opportunities for Loral to supply that country with other defense systems . 
Whereas most men were a bit ambivalent about the sex scandals ( though they were furious about Recruit ) , women were upset about both and surged to the polls . 
Big buyers like Procter & Gamble say there are other spots on the globe , and in India , where the seed could be grown . 
`` All this has really established is that MCA and the Bronfmans have agreed on a price at which they can be bought out , '' said Jeffery Logsdon , an analyst with Crowell , Weedon in Los Angeles . 
Institutions , meanwhile , stepped back to the sidelines as the direction of U.S. interest rates remained unclear . 
`` This is a time of self-criticism to discover what is wrong with us , '' he said . 
He suggests , for example , that investors may have assumed that just because UAL could n't get financing , no leveraged buy-outs can get financing . 
And he has attached himself to the Lincoln story tenaciously . 
Traders said major securities firms are reluctant to become market makers because they fear the baskets may attract only limited trading . 
He puts in busy six-day weeks ( excluding game days ) , and on one recent afternoon fielded questions , in the course of an hour , from a TV producer , his luxury-suite marketing manager , a disgruntled customer and a roomful of Arkansas reporters . 
It says that despite loose regulation of the market itself , its longstanding regulation of industry will prevent such crashes . 
Mr. Corr resigned to pursue other business interests , the airline said . 
But while International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products , most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them . 
The Financial Times 30-share index settled 27.8 points higher at 1758.5 . 
Months after railway worker Zacharias Lewala first picked up a diamond from the sand in 1908 , the German colonialists who controlled Namibia proclaimed a wide swath of the desert -- about 200 miles north from the Orange River and 60 miles inland from the Atlantic -- a restricted area , a designation normally reserved for military operations . 
Analysts and corporate officials said they expected practically no long-term disruption in shipments from the Valley of either hardware or software goods . 
Cantor provides price quotes to Telerate Systems Inc. , a widely used electronic system . 
`` Their management changed right after { the venture was formed } , and I do n't think they were comfortable getting into the competitive wars of women 's service magazines . '' 
Ad Notes ... . 
MCA strongly opposed the Drabinsky group 's move . 
The previous reports were based on remarks by British Air 's chief financial officer , Derek Stevens , who said any revised bid would have to include a lower purchase price to reflect the sharp drop in UAL 's stock in the past week . 
He wound up and let loose a fastball . 
Both the British Diabetic Association and the Committee on Safety in Medicines -- Britain 's equivalent of the U.S. FDA -- recently issued statements noting the lack of hard scientific evidence to support Dr. Toseland 's findings . 
`` I would n't say we 're out of the business . 
`` The market was basically acting on two contradictory forces , '' said Nauman Barakat of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Her instincts were capitalistic , despite her background . 
Americans now can choose among 572 different models of cars , vans and trucks , up from just 408 when the decade began , according to Automotive News , a trade publication . 
`` Other cities are calling { groups booked here for tours and conferences } and -- not to be crass -- stealing our booking list , '' said Scott Shafer , a spokesman for Mayor Art Agnos . 
He has good control . 
`` I think it will shake confidence one more time , and a lot of this business is based on client confidence . '' 
The risk is that Jaguar 's share price could slump if GM 's agreement with Jaguar effectively locks out its U.S. rival . 
The No. 1 domestic aluminum producer , Aluminum Co. of America , Friday said its earnings fell 3.2 % to $ 219 million , or $ 2.46 a share . 
They attached a second gene , for herbicide resistance , to the pollen-inhibiting gene . 
( He reports his business is up slightly from customers replacing old stock . ) 
The action came as Congress sent to President Bush a fiscal 1990 bill providing an estimated $ 156.7 billion for the Departments of Labor , Education , Health and Human Services . 
The anti-abortionists are urging GOP Gov. Bill Clements to press the issues in a special session scheduled to run Nov. 14 to Dec. 13 . 
`` A lot of the professional traders are just going back and forth . 
Naturally , one of the best ways to guarantee visibility for your due-process system is for top management to support it . 
This is n't going to help , '' said Kenneth T. Rosen , chairman of the Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics at the University of California at Berkeley . 
Psyllium is an annual herb , Plantago ovata , that has been used for centuries by folk doctors here , mainly as a laxative and anti-diarrheal . 
He came to produce her records and her movies -- `` A Star Is Born '' and `` The Main Event . '' 
The union has demanded a 37.6 % increase in the minimum wage while De Beers 's final offer was an increase of 17 % . 
The association attributed the drop to a trend among auto makers to move manufacturing operations overseas . 
`` California prices were already coming down . 
Running a charity does cost money , but reputable organizations manage to get the lion 's share of donations out to where they are really needed . 
Last week , just before the bank commitments were due , the union asked the U.S. Labor Department to study whether the bid violated legal standards of fairness governing employee investment funds . 
Despite the inevitable comparison with Compaq , however , Texas Instruments ' new notebook wo n't be a direct competitor . 
He got three trucks and a backhoe cheap . 
The new chip plants `` wo n't be excessive investment , '' says Hajime Sasaki , an NEC vice president . 
But some analysts wonder how strong the recovery will be . 
In recent years , growth has come in the foreign markets . 
Yet , says Mr. Carpenter , `` We 've really started to exploit the synergy between GE Capital and Kidder Peabody . '' 
The account billed almost $ 60 million last year , according to Leading National Advertisers . 
Economists suggested that if the pound falls much below 2.90 marks , the government will be forced to increase rates to 16 % , both to halt any further decline and ensure that the balance of monetary policy remains unchanged . 
The offering , Series 1989-84 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
However , Atlantic Richfield preserved its twopoint advance in the previous session and added 1\/8 to 103 7\/8 . 
It did n't say if its year-earlier results were influenced significantly by nonrecurring elements . 
`` He 's wise , he 's good and I know he 's an honest man , '' the Texan says . 
These measurements can indicate temperature changes , researchers said , because the rates of evaporation of these oxygen atoms differ as temperatures change . 
He says the contract will be considered a success if it starts trading 500 to 1,000 lots a day . 
The next step , which could have a larger effect on businesses , will come early next month , when the Bank for Foreign Economic Affairs is to hold its first auction of foreign currency . 
`` We 're always going to hire someone we consider to be a winner , '' an Edwards official says . 
`` Those stocks are up because their earnings are up and their dividends are up , '' he says . 
However , these faults are not the exclusive property of modern comedies , and I believe Mr. Knight errs when he attempts to link this modern phenomenon too closely to a single category of movie making . 
The most volatile form of program trading is index arbitrage -- the rapid-fire , computer-guided buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in stock-index futures and options . 
Ms. Brannigan is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Atlanta bureau . 
Rolled copper product sales were major contributors to overall sales growth . 
Investors who listened , and lightened up on stocks , `` have just hurt themselves , '' he says . 
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex-time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans . 
Adds Robert Juliano , the head lobbyist for a variety of interests that want to protect the tax deduction for travel and entertainment expenses : `` It appears as though the whole thing is wide open again . '' 
But buyers are essentially betting on a start-up investment fund with no track record -- and some have been encouraged to borrow to do so . 
Under the proposed combination , Marsh & McLennan would gain a majority stake in Gradmann & Holler that would increase over time to the rest of the remaining 85 % . 
Finally , during his first and only state visit to Bonn two years ago , he won some measure of the recognition he had long sought . 
The new contract also eliminates the $ 15 monthly coupon , good only at union-owned grocery stores , that was part of the salary of every worker , from roughneck to chief executive . 
`` People think of the steel business as an old and mundane smokestack business , '' says Mr. Iverson . 
Source : Securities Data Co . 
AGIP refused to reconsider and says drilling is due to start early next year . 
In addition , the company called its 12 7\/8 % senior subordinated notes due 1994 , with an aggregate principal amount of $ 200 million , for redemption on Dec. 15 . 
I was in Stinson Beach when the quake rolled through town . 
Futures trading resumed a half-hour later , but the session ended shortly thereafter , leaving the stock market set up for more sell programs , traders said . 
At Chrysler 's 1990 model preview last month , Chrysler Motors President Robert A. Lutz said the No. 3 auto maker , along with other U.S. manufacturers , might be forced to `` realign ... capacity '' if market demand does n't improve . 
For the first time since the mid-1970s , Westinghouse this year has seen a significant increase in orders for power plants . 
The oil company claims its yeast system also is better than bacteria at high-volume production of genetically engineered drugs . 
Since Mr. Shevardnadze 's proposals followed discussions with Mr. Baker , speculations arose that the Bush administration was seeking an accommodation with the Soviets in Central America . 
For that matter , those long ago identified as liars are still given respectful hearings in the press . 
And while sellers of the equipment and companies `` monitoring '' employees have few qualms , right-to-privacy advocates and some lawmakers are alarmed . 
Now , there have been a number of questions raised . '' 
`` However , if you exclude defense-related orders then durable goods were down 3.9 % . 
The legendary GM chairman declared that his company would make `` a car for every purse and purpose . '' 
Margins are the amount of money an investor needs to put up to buy or sell a futures contract . 
`` We wo n't have any more of this wayward behavior , '' says Sir Peter Hordern , a backbench Tory member of Parliament . 
He calls the contracts `` critical to winning in the NFL '' and has played his part in the bidding wars . 
`` Nobody 's been perfect in their credit judgments the past couple years , and we 're going to make sure our default rates are going to be in the acceptable parameters of the market . '' 
The city 's Department of Consumer Affairs charged Newmark & Lewis Inc. with failing to deliver on its promise of lowering prices . 
I can not recall any disorder in currency markets since the 1974 guidelines were adopted . 
Last night , after meeting with Mr. Bush and administration officials at the White House , Mr. Dole proposed streamlining the fiscal 1990 deficit-reduction bill , now stalled in a House-Senate conference committee , and passing a long-term extension of the federal debt ceiling without any accompanying amendments . 
Eddie Mahe , a Republican consultant , says the two GOP candidates could have avoided trouble if they had framed the issue first . 
All these reports about him committing genocide are probably exaggerated anyway . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
Michael F. Harris , 53 , was named executive vice president , North America , for the Financial Times , the business newspaper published by this company that also has interests in book publishing , fine china , oil services and investment banking . 
The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as Anaheim-Santa Ana , Calif. ; Boston ; Louisville , Ky. ; Nassau-Suffolk , N.Y. ; New York ; Pittsburgh ; San Diego ; San Francisco ; Seattle ; and Washington . 
Democrats are holding up a vote on the amendment by threatening a filibuster , or extended debate . 
`` And export business is still good . 
The tax increase , which will be considered at a special session of the state legislature that begins tomorrow , would cover only part of the estimated $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion in total damage caused by the Oct. 17 quake . 
Revco insists that the proposal is simply an `` expression of interest , '' because under Chapter 11 Revco has `` exclusivity rights '' until Feb. 28 . 
Institutional building , such as hospitals and schools , eased in September following a surge in August . 
The complex bill , introduced by Sens. Patrick Leahy ( D. , Vt. ) , Richard Lugar ( R. , Ind. ) , and Bob Kerrey ( D. , Neb. ) , covers a wide range of provisions that would affect the funding and authority of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and would profoundly change the way the industry is regulated . 
While Wall Street 's tough times and lower U.S. interest rates continue to undermine the dollar , weakness in the pound and the yen is expected to offset those factors . 
I 've got limited production , and I ca n't give it to underperformers . '' 
At that time Sam Whitbread , the company 's chairman and a descendant of its 18th-century founder , will retire from executive duties . 
He said Polly Peck will greatly expand Sansui 's product line , using Sansui 's engineers to design the new products , and will move Sansui 's production of most products other than sophisticated audio gear offshore into Polly Peck 's own factories . 
For the latest fiscal year , the company 's net income jumped a robust 19 % to 35.5 billion yen ( $ 250.2 million ) . 
The true budgetary cost of a credit subsidy is the discounted value of the net costs to government . 
The Packwood plan also would include a proposal , designed by Sen. William Roth ( R. , Del. ) , that would create new tax benefits for individual retirement accounts . 
He expects real GNP growth of only 2.1 % for the quarter , noting a wider trade deficit , slower capital and government spending and the lower inventory figures . 
Twenty-five trucks capable of cooking food were dispatched from other states . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
This is the way government is supposed to work , with politicians taking responsibility for votes that their constituents can identify , instead of concealing them in the great reconciliation garbage truck . 
For there is an emerging protocol -- indeed , an etiquette -- to it . 
Justice is attempting to avoid a replay of these tactics . 
HOLIDAY ADS : 
Other tax breaks also are likely to be restored or created in the coming months as special interest groups try to undo the 1986 tax overhaul . 
`` The judge never made a pretense of repaying the money , '' said Mr. Green . 
And sooner or later , we have to do something about it . '' 
`` There was little turnover and nothing to stimulate the market . '' 
Much of Columbia 's junk-bond trading has been done through the high-yield department of its Beverly Hills neighbor , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Some U.S. allies are complaining that President Bush is pushing conventional-arms talks too quickly , creating a risk that negotiators will make errors that could affect the security of Western Europe for years . 
As a result , indexers have been looking for ways to give investors something more than the average for their money . 
Died : Mary McCarthy , 77 , novelist and literary critic , in New York City , of cancer ... . 
`` I pull my hair back , wear a little makeup and look corporate , '' says Ms. Byler , who has been visiting Emerson since January . 
Newport said Mr. Hollander is asking shareholders to retain only one director , James R. Lees , a Newport vice president . 
As you mentioned , subsidies for development on a number of barrier islands were curtailed in 1982 by the Coastal Barrier Resource System . 
The market for electrochemicals include the paper , water-purification and textile industries . 
On the other hand , Mr. Evans expects the hurricane and the earthquake `` to take a hunk out of fourth-quarter GNP . '' 
Kemper Financial Services Inc. , charging that program trading is ruining the stock market , cut off four big Wall Street firms from doing any of its stock-trading business . 
They might even step up sales in a falling market , he said , in an effort to maintain the flow of foreign exchange into their treasuries . 
West German interest rates , he said , will remain unchanged . 
That hurts investors ' confidence in the economy and stocks . 
`` The decision to distribute machetes at this time , which could be used as weapons , is under review , '' said a U.N. spokesman ... . 
And , for an extra $ 6 , Land 's End will deliver orders within two days ; customers can designate the day . 
But a spokesman for KKR says that with only a 15 % equity stake , it would n't be appropriate for KKR to keep board representation . 
A shopping center of similar size in an affluent Los Angeles suburb would , per year , be expected to have eight burglaries , 70 thefts of or from autos , and four robberies . 
`` If Flynn had n't lived there , the property might have been priced $ 1 million lower , '' says Mr. Rambo , noting that Flynn 's house has been bulldozed , and only the swimming pool remains . 
`` I do n't know what it means over the long run , but for the short term , it appears that gold producers are grateful for the $ 10 or so that gold has risen over the past week or so , '' he said . 
Still , Mr. McCammon said Ford expects the U.S. economy to weaken through the end of 1990 , causing weaker sales and production . 
Mr. Burton says conservatives ' unhappiness with Mr. Bush 's cautious handling of the recent unsuccessful coup in Panama will make them more willing to speak out . 
Some smaller clients do n't seem to notice his switch . 
Eight admissions representatives at two of Wilfred 's former Massachusetts schools previously pleaded guilty to charges of aiding , abetting and counseling students to submit false financial-aid applications . 
The mismatch exposed the company to a high degree of interest-rate risk , and when rates moved unfavorably -- beginning late last year and continuing into this year -- `` it cost them , '' Mr. Kriz said . 
IBM 's traditional mainframe rivals , including Unisys Corp. , Control Data Corp. and NCR Corp. , have struggled recently . 
I , for instance , was perfectly happy at Avery Fisher Hall the other day listening to Helmuth Rilling conduct the Messa per Rossini , a strange piece written by 13 different Italian composers to honor Rossini after his death in 1868 . 
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis . 
The document proposes breaking up the monolithic system of state-owned enterprises and farms and allowing a big private sector to flourish , helped by tough anti-monopoly legislation . 
A year ago , when almost nothing was happening amid these desolate dunes , `` you 'd spend two days working and two days in the yard , '' he recalls . 
Thrombinar , a drug used to stanch bleeding , was sold to Jones Medical Industries Inc. , St. Louis . 
Peter Gumbel in Moscow contributed to this article . 
There are 3.5 million shares of Applied Solar , of which American Cyanamid owns 2.7 million . 
Weyerhaeuser Co. reported a one-time gain and strong wood-product sales that offset weakness in pulp and paper to fuel a 15 % jump in third-quarter net income to $ 166.8 million , or 78 cents a share . 
That amounts to more than $ 350 billion a year . 
`` Even before the market drop , rates were down about half a percentage point , '' said Robert J. Hutchinson , senior vice president for retail marketing at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. in New York . 
The company closed at $ 12 a share , down 62.5 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
For the nine months , Textron reported net of $ 182.1 million , or $ 2.06 a share , on revenue of $ 5.41 billion . 
I 'll see you Wednesday ? ... Thursday . '' 
The percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year , while the coupon equivalent yield is based on a 365-day year . 
One administration official said notification was required even if the U.S. `` gets wind '' of somebody else 's coup plans that seem likely to endanger a dictator 's life . 
Valley National Corp. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 72.2 million , or $ 3.65 a share , and suspended its quarterly dividend because of potential losses on its Arizona real estate holdings . 
`` I 'm not sure he 's explained everything , '' Mrs. Stinnett says grudgingly . 
Nissan 's market share in Japan had been dropping year by year since the beginning of the decade . 
What I 'm trying to say to people is , it 's proper to worry about program trading , but it 's only a piece of the business . '' 
The volume of red cells donated by the EPO-treated patients was 41 % higher per donor , the research team representing a number of hospitals and blood banks reported . 
Wellcome has replied that it is moving ahead to compile the relevant data , and recently promised to develop a pediatric syrup form easier for youngsters to take . 
Insureres selling these policies market them directly to the public or otherwise do n't use commissioned salesmen ; there is still a load -- annual administrative fees and initial `` setup '' charges -- but I figure that the lack of commission and of `` surrender fees '' for dropping the policy early still saves me a lot . 
In the herbal lounge she specified a `` plaid knot garden '' decor . 
Tuesday , October 17 , 1989 
They 're hiring models to stroll the aisles sporting their jewels , and they 're even beginning to borrow a perennial favorite of the beauty business -- offering a gift when consumers make a purchase . 
This Brooklyn , N.Y. , generic-drug maker announced a 5 % stock dividend payable Dec. 15 , to holders of record Nov. 15 . 
Indeed , Morgan Stanley 's president , Richard B. Fisher , said the firm is putting up money to form a group of regulators , investors and investment banks to find out if stock-index arbitrage artificially induces stock-market volatility . 
Some badly managed partnerships have burned investors , sometimes after they received advice from industry `` consultants . '' 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Simmons said he and companies he controls , NL Industries Inc. and NL Chemicals Inc. , hold 6,744,600 shares of Lockheed , of Calabasas , Calif . 
Up to 500,000 Somalis have escaped to the relative safety of Marxist Ethiopia because of the behavior of President Barre 's troops . 
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere . 
An official at Nestle Korea , a 50-50 joint venture between Nestle S.A. and the Doosan Group , said the new facility will manufacture all types of soluble , roasted and ground coffee , coffee mix and nondairy coffee creamer . 
It ordered Rep. Bates to write letters of apology to Ms. Bertussi and to a second complainant , Karen Dryden . 
The upper echelon of this group were shares of the `` nifty 50 '' companies whose profits of the 1960s and early 1970s grew steadily , if not spectacularly , through thick and thin . 
Lionel also urged holders of its stock and debt not to tender their securities , saying it wants to remain independent to pursue its business strategy . 
Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister met in Damascus with President Assad to develop a plan for the withdrawal of Syria 's 40,000 troops from Lebanon as part of a settlement of that nation 's 14-year-old civil war . 
The Murray Hill , N.J. , company said full-year earnings may be off 33 cents a share because the company removed a catheter from the market . 
Merchant banks were stronger across the board . 
Delmed said Robert S. Ehrlich resigned as chairman , president and chief executive . 
Here , the city is dark and laden with symbolism : Said has left his jail cell only to enter the larger prison of Cairo society . 
A recent example is the 3 % consumption tax on all commercial activities . 
`` If you build a better mousetrap , it will catch more mice , '' says Fred Benninger , chairman of MGM Grand . 
The company also said its 1990 annual meeting has not been scheduled . 
UAL stock closed at $ 170 a share , down $ 8.375 . 
Exchange officials reasoned that they would n't have been able to make such a rotation with the time remaining Friday afternoon , and with the stock-index futures on the verge of closing for a second and final time , the CBOE reasoned that its best course was to remain closed . 
This month , HUD Secretary Jack Kemp unveiled a series of proposed reforms to improve management at HUD . 
`` They want reassurance we wo n't try to undermine or destroy the Warsaw Pact ... . 
The transaction has been approved by Kyle 's board , but requires the approval of the company 's shareholders . 
Ford is `` in the driving seat at the moment , '' observed Bob Barber , an auto analyst at brokers James Capel & Co . 
Allied-Signal Aerospace Co. received a $ 65 million contract to outfit Continental Airlines ' 393 planes with the Bendix\/King Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System . 
Exxon Capital Corp. -- $ 200 million of 8 1\/4 % notes due Nov. 1 , 1999 , priced at 99.60 to yield 8.31 % . 
The fibers business , whose products go into textiles , carpeting and myriad industrial uses , now accounts for only 20 % of Akzo 's sales . 
`` The stock market is sick because profits are crumbling , '' says Michael K. Evans , president of Evans Economics Inc. , Washington . 
Seita and Matra currently are negotiating with city officials for the right to begin service . 
The issue is rated triple-A by S&P , Moody 's and Fitch Investors Service Inc . 
Deductions of charitable gifts of highly valued art now must be accompanied by appraisals . 
Mr. Mengistu is in an increasingly weak position : Half his army is tied down defending the northern city of Asmara from the Eritreans . 
So why did advertising pages plunge by almost 10 % and ad revenue by 7.2 % in the first half ? 
Magazine editors did not take the criticisms lying down . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
`` We must do more to help the Japanese here in Baja if we want them to invest elsewhere , '' says Mr. Ruffo , the governor-elect of the National Action Party and himself a succesful businessman . 
Mr. Alito said his office `` just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . '' 
But the main lesson of economic policy in the past 30 years is that if the Fed compromises with the price-stability objective in the pursuit of these other goals , the result is not high employment and rapid growth but is inflation . 
`` But it does get him to return my calls , and it makes me feel better for the times he 's given me the brushoff , '' Mr. Kessler says . 
`` Most of us grew up believing in the axioms ` Haste makes waste ' and ` Do n't cut corners , ' ideas that seem to run counter to the concept of managing speed , '' says Dean Cassell , vice president for product integrity at Grumman Corp . 
They added that market-makers were largely sidelined after aggressively supporting the market Thursday in their quest to cover internal shortages of FT-SE 100 shares . 
Wells Rich declined to comment on the status of the account , as did the other agencies . 
It has a similar project for 200,000 cars a year . 
I find it very difficult to say that . 
That puts the real strategic decisions in the hands of others : bean counters , budgeteers , and pork-barrelers . 
Mr. Abalkin , head of the Academy of Science 's Institute of Economics , was recently appointed deputy chairman of the Soviet government and head of a state commission on economic reform . 
Some people must drop names -- call it an irresistible impulse . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 17.01 points to 2596.72 in active trading . 
Advancing issues beat declining ones , 1,271 to 811 . 
As a result , both may now have virtual veto power over any UAL transaction . 
`` You bet attention , '' I yelled back , leaping atop the propane tanks , `` I 'm wearing alligator loafers ! '' 
At that point investors may face a long , bumpy ride . 
Still , predicting is tricky . 
Cattle prices have risen in recent weeks on speculation that the government 's quarterly report will signal tighter supplies of beef . 
A private farmer never wastes anything . '' 
Although legislative lines can result in under-inclusion ( which explains why the SEC has long resisted a legislative definition of insider trading ) , judicial lawmaking inevitably creates uncertainty because of the shadowy outer edges and implications of most judicial decisions . 
A mix of CDs and other holdings may make the most sense . 
But the shortages also spawned rampant speculation and spiraling prices . 
The Treasury also announced details of this week 's unusual bill auction , which has been changed to accommodate the expiration of the federal debt ceiling at midnight tomorrow . 
Manufacturers ' shipments rose 0.3 % in August following two months of declines . 
Ms. Rubin is a free-lance writer based in Los Angeles . 
This time , the scandal centers on donations made by the not-quite-mainstream pachinko parlor industry . 
Depending on the type of software and peripherals used , the machines can serve either as the main computer in a network of many terminals ( a role usually filled by a minicomputer ) , as a technical workstation or as a very fast personal computer . 
Richard Breeden , the new chairman of the SEC , has n't taken a formal position on the bill , which would also require investors to disclose large trades and give the SEC additional authority during market emergencies . 
The value traded on the exchanges is close to $ 3 trillion . 
Selling the FHA 's loan portfolio to the highest bidder would save the taxpayers untold billions in future losses . 
The reorganization will `` focus on the value and potential of assets , '' Mr. Spruell said . 
Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Mesa closed at $ 7.25 , up 25 cents . 
This year , Scorpio sales plummeted , and at the current sales pace it would take Ford 242 days to sell off the current Scorpio inventory of about 4,600 cars . 
So far Galileo has been delayed twice , once because of a computer malfunction connected with a space-shuttle engine , and yesterday because of the weather . 
That skepticism would leave him with an even greater credibility problem should he return that would handicap him in any effort to oust the board in a proxy fight . 
Six top executives at the New York-based company sold shares in August and September . 
In U.N. General Assembly votes last year , Canada voted the same as the U.S. only 63 % of the time . 
The result , according to many analysts , is higher prices and less innovation . 
The $ 5.9 million payment was due Oct. 1 and the deadline for default was Oct. 19 . 
Bernard Leser , president of Conde Nast , added : `` Our research shows we sell more of our heavier issues ... because readers believe they are getting more for what they pay for . 
`` I do n't doubt it for a moment . 
In August , soon after Wang Laboratories Inc. reported a staggering $ 424.3 million loss and replaced its president , two Boston sales representatives sent customers a letter saying : `` We fully expect that you will soon be reading stories in the press reporting the ` Amazing Comeback at Wang . ' '' 
Small neighborhood businesses could provide more jobs , if crime were not so harmful to creating and maintaining those businesses . 
And when a defensive move was called for , D.T. passed up an obvious pawn move and instead exposed its queen to immediate tactical threats . 
SCI TV 's six stations once were part of Storer Communications . 
With interest in emigration and investment abroad soaring since June 4 , that assumption no longer seems so safe . 
Carried even further , some investors assumed that since leveraged buy-outs are the only thing propping up stock prices , the market would collapse if no more LBOs could be done . 
( Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. vs. LTV Corp . 
Among them were the ALQ-135 electronic countermeasures system for the F-15 fighter . 
Northeast Utilities ' plan proposes 5.5 % annual increases . 
Although the bidding group has n't had time to develop its latest idea fully or to discuss it with banks , it believes bank financing could be obtained . 
At a meeting with analysts , British Petroleum officials dispelled speculation that the company may take over a U.S. oil company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
Analyst James Weil of the Soundview Financial Group believes Dell 's response has been to place increased emphasis on product quality , `` in an effort to rise above some of that price pressure . '' 
But the board said it was n't interested for now . 
Sammi Steel Co . ( Korea ) -- $ 50 million of bonds due Nov. 8 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/4 % to 1 3\/4 % coupon at par , via Merrill Lynch International Ltd. and Dong Suh Securities Co . 
That decline was reflected in revenue for the GM Hughes unit , which edged down to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.63 billion . 
Finally , a $ 300 million issue of Fannie Mae Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 12 classes by Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Meanwhile , the photographic industry , which accounts for 44 % of silver consumption , continues to look for substitutes . 
TRADING VOLUME in Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures contracts on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Monday totaled 73,803 contracts . 
Grand Met owns Bombay gin , the No. 3 imported gin in the U.S. ; rival Guinness PLC has the No. 1 imported brand , Tanqueray . 
A number of those polled predict the dollar will slip as the Federal Reserve eases interest rates . 
Some in Washington contend that it 's too soon to tell whether Mr. Breeden will help or hinder the SEC . 
The offering will include $ 729 million of 20-year tax-exempt bonds and $ 57.8 million of taxable bonds . 
Exxon Corp. filed suit against the state of Alaska , charging state officials interfered with the oil company 's initial efforts to treat last spring 's giant oil spill . 
Operating expenses increased 2.6 % to $ 2.04 billion , including one-time pretax charges of $ 40 million for labor contract signing bonuses . 
For corporations , the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 33 % from the current top rate of 34 % . 
`` The security business is my favorite subject . 
I got my feet on the floor . 
In his area , Mr. Lackey continues , the miscreant employers most commonly are in construction -- doing framing , drywall , masonry and similar work . 
The current debt limit expires Oct. 31 . 
An unexpectedly sharp widening in the U.S. trade gap for August dragged the dollar lower Tuesday , but profit-taking on short positions helped the currency rebound to close mixed against major counterparts . 
Since late 1987 , for example , it has put off a rule dealing with deferred income taxes because of the continuing controversy over the issue . 
Daiwa House advanced 100 to 2,610 , Misawa Homes was up 60 at 2,940 , and Sekisui House gained 100 to 2,490 . 
And , just recently , Merrill Lynch cut the recommended bondholdings back to 50 % . 
Reebok said Mr. LaBonte will resume the presidency of Vantage Group Inc. , a California-based venture capital firm that he founded in 1983 . 
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share . 
Futures prices extended Tuesday 's gains . 
Qintex Entertainment was depending on Qintex Australia to arrange financing . 
SCI TV 's buy-out was an ace in the hole for Mr. Kravis and for investors in KKR partnerships . 
The bank also said it will establish a loan-loss reserve of $ 2.5 million to $ 4 million against a construction loan that is in default . 
It 's quite a fall from the early 1980s , when Kidder still was counted as an investment-banking powerhouse . 
For 1989 's first nine months , Capital Cities net income grew 23 % to $ 303.7 million , or $ 16.97 a share , from $ 246.9 million , or $ 14.43 a share . 
`` Putting those times on the calendar , '' she says , `` is as important as remembering business appointments . '' 
Mr. Glazer expects Xerox to experience tough sledding , though , in financial services because of rate pressures and uncertainty surrounding tax treatment of capital gains . 
Young & Rubicam has pleaded innocent to the charges . 
And when they were no longer needed , they were turned loose unprepared to build lives of their own . 
Lodestar Group said it will make a $ 6-a-share offer for the remaining Kinder-Care Learning Center common stock if it acquires a majority of the company 's shares in a pending rights offering by Kinder-Care Learning Center 's parent , Kinder-Care Inc . 
( Players have to be 35 or older , except for catchers , who are eligible at 32 because life behind the plate is so rough . ) 
`` The bottom line is that he is a very genuine and decent guy , '' says Malcolm Hoenlein , a Jewish community leader . 
Courts and legislatures make decisions in very different ways and are each susceptible to very different kinds of errors . 
Two products in what the telecommunications giant called a new generation of such equipment are available now , AT&T said , and three others will be introduced in 1990 and 1991 . 
Japan plans to send the Chinese back home and is negotiating with the Chinese government , a Justice Ministry official said . 
So key , in fact , that Mr. Jones signed him in April for $ 11.4 million over the next six years -- a record for a rookie . 
He knew which local luminaries had been caught driving drunk , which had been found with their mistresses . 
Sales rose 18 % in the fiscal fourth quarter to $ 364.1 million from $ 307.9 million on the strength in semiconductors and other products . 
Great Northern 's stock soared $ 20.125 , to $ 62.875 , on speculation that a higher bid would emerge . 
`` If we 're not headed for a recession , we 're certainly headed for a major slowdown . '' 
As a result , industry operated out of small , expensive , highly inefficient industrial units . 
The Fed has assumed a similar responsibility in the market for government securities . 
Capital appreciation bonds are priced to yield to maturity from 7.10 % in 2003 to 7.25 % in 2007 and 2008 . 
He also is an entertaining writer , combining wisecracks and wordplay with programmatic detail and lucid explanations of how computers work . 
As recounted in a stipulation that summarized government documents released for the North trial , Mr. Noriega offered to assassinate the Sandinista leadership in exchange `` for a promise to help clean up Noriega 's image and a commitment to lift the { U.S. . } ban on military sales to the Panamanian Defense Forces . '' 
The group controls 795,900 H.H. Robertson common shares , assuming exercise of an option it acquired from Executive Life Insurance Co. to buy 497,400 shares . 
Friday 's volume on the First Section was estimated at one billion shares , up from 862 million Thursday . 
The latest results include a gain of $ 4.2 million , or eight cents a share , on the sale of television stations in Oklahoma City and Flint , Mich . 
Equally inconceivable is that the ANC , given the chance to hold a rally , would extend a hand , albeit warily , to the government . 
As Ms. Johnson stands outside the Hammack house after winding up her chores there , the house begins to creak and sway . 
Digital Equipment 's profit fell 32 % in the latest quarter , prompting forecasts of weaker results ahead . 
Richard Stoltzman has taken a gentler , more audience-friendly approach . 
`` Sell stocks that are n't doing well now , and that do n't have good earnings prospects , '' says Alfred Goldman , technical analyst at St. Louis-based A.G. Edwards & Sons . 
Investors with a heavy tax load should take out their calculators . 
Treasury Securities 
The stock fell 75 cents . 
Mr. Dang is alleged to have used the account of Singapore hotel and property magnate Ong Beng Seng to effect the transactions . 
Mr. Russo , 38 years old , previously was first vice president , public affairs and advertising , at the banking unit . 
`` We do n't know the effect of our antibody on the human body . '' 
Failure to pass the bill meant that $ 16.1 billion in across-the-board spending cuts took effect Monday under the Gramm-Rudman budget law . 
It is n't that major steelmakers have blithely ignored high technology . 
The company said the acquisition has been completed and reviewed by the Federal Trade Commission . 
There are about $ 100 million of 7 % term bonds due 2009 , priced to yield 7.30 % , which is the issue 's high yield . 
The junk market 's `` yield hogs are learning a real painful lesson , '' he says . 
The judge was considered imperious , abrasive and ambitious , those who practiced before him say . 
I wish them all the best ! '' 
The provision , described as `` back-end '' protection , would require BellSouth to pay a price equivalent to what an outside party might have to pay . 
But he gave few details on the progress toward a new bid , saying only , `` We are working toward a revised proposal for majority employee ownership . '' 
In an extraordinary mix of cultures and church-state powers , Rep. Robert Dornan ( R. , Calif . ) lectured his fellow Roman Catholics -- including Mr. Florio -- for having the `` chutzpah '' to disagree with the hierarchy of their church on abortion . 
The markets are complex , as is the environment in which they function . 
Sales growth in the quarter was slowed by mounting pressure from groups of buyers , such as hospitals , to hold down prices . 
Anthony Broderick , the FAA 's acting executive director for regulatory standards and compliance , said that recent tests of the failed engine disk indicate that a flaw -- known as `` hard alpha '' -- occurred in the titanium during its production almost 20 years ago . 
Balcor , which has interests in real estate , said the position is newly created . 
First Boston financings for several other highly leveraged clients , including Ohio Mattress , unraveled as the high-risk junk bond market plummeted . 
Under the deficit-reduction law , 4.3 % of the Pentagon 's money and 5.3 % of other agencies ' money has been canceled . 
Real estate firms are also using their alliances with financial institutions to amass acquisition funds . 
The president of CBS News , David W. Burke , did n't return numerous telephone calls . 
The Venezuelan central bank set a 30 % floor on the bidding . 
A Texas legislator proposes color-coding drivers ' licenses of some drug offenders . 
`` The { ministry } thinks the banks do n't know what they are doing , that they have very little idea how to cope with risk , '' said one foreign bank analyst who asked not to be identified . 
The commission said that EC television producers lost `` important market shares '' and suffered an `` unsustainable '' pressure on prices because of the Korean companies ' marketing and pricing policies , which it said were `` in clear violation '' of international trade rules . 
At the same time , moves toward tighter air-quality standards are spurring interest in lighter or alternative fuels that do n't pollute as much as fuel refined from `` heavy '' crudes , generally high in sulfur . 
`` But I 'm not one of these great dollar bears you see more of these days , '' Mr. Zapfel said . 
We did n't think a sleeping { Bell } mentality would be willing to take on dilution . '' 
But higher interest rates paid on off-budget debt could add billions to the bailout costs , and would n't be subject to congressional scrutiny , Ways and Means members argued . 
Last week , a young black girl claimed she had been raped by a white police officer ( a la Tawana Brawley ) . 
`` They 'll be looking at levels to sell the dollar , '' says James Scalfaro , a foreign-exchange marketing representative at Bank of Montreal . 
Shrubs and flowers give it a pleasing and non-fortress-like appearance . 
The acquisition combined the country 's second-largest security company , Pinkerton 's , with 1987 sales of $ 410 million , and the fourth largest , California Plant Protection , with $ 250 million in sales , creating the industry 's biggest firm , which took on the Pinkerton 's name . 
A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because , under the proposed guidelines , its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the `` core capital '' criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 . 
New Environmentalism is an emotional attack on proven methods of improving our quality of life and a bid for political power . 
`` There 's more and more of this cash-up-front going on at every level , '' says Bruce Miller , president of Art Funding Corp. , an art lender . 
On the other hand , Time Warner said its operating cash flow declined in the quarter for its magazine division , its books division and the Home Box Office programming division . 
The Nasdaq composite leaped 7.52 points , or 1.6 % , to 470.80 . 
The crimes may appear small , but the prices can be huge . 
Phillips Petroleum 
Colgate , which acquired Helena Rubenstein in 1973 , sold the brand seven years later after the brand languished . 
It 's nice ! 
Mr. Chan , now 64 years old , invented a fountain pen he and his family produced from plastic waste . 
Volume was 449.3 million shares , the slowest of a hectic week , compared with 643.4 million Tuesday . 
Only two states -- Vermont and Washington -- this year joined five others requiring private employers to grant leaves of absence to employees with newborn or adopted infants . 
Ms. Garratt sued the Dallas apparel maker earlier this year , charging that Jerell developed and marketed clothing lines fashioned after her designs , in violation of their contract . 
The proposed rules also would be tougher on the insiders still required to file reports , he said . 
The March contract ended at 13.79 cents a pound , down 0.37 cent . 
Not even a tractor . 
The beneficiaries would range from pineapple growers to rich grandparents to tuxedo-rental shops . 
U.S. investors will be permitted to buy the shares from EC investors 90 days later . 
The latter may seem oddly irrelevant , if not downright trivial , given the big picture and the way we have handled it in the nation 's capital has done nothing to dispel that impression . 
James N. Fiedler , president of Discovision and a vice president of MCA , said that IBM and MCA had n't planned to sell the joint venture , which is now profitable , but that Pioneer approached Discovision earlier this year . 
Still , the school says there are an ample number and pay is up to $ 7.20 an hour from $ 6.90 last year . 
Treasury securities were essentially flat to about 1\/2 point lower . 
The publishing unit reported revenue edged up 2.6 % to $ 263.2 million from $ 256.6 million . 
Some high-priced issues made a comeback Friday . 
Mr. Bush decided he wanted the meeting after talking in Europe in July with the leaders of Poland and Hungary , who urged him to support Mr. Gorbachev 's efforts to transform the Soviet system and to urge him to loosen his grip on Eastern Europe , a senior aide said . 
These days , he is as known for his flamboyant tastes and the youthful muse who shares his life as he is for his books . 
b - Current annual yield . 
Referring to Mr. Bennett 's claim that the federal government would provide $ 97 million in emergency federal support , Ms. Thompson wrote , `` Our analysis was unable to even come close to documenting that figure . '' 
Mr. Todt had been vice president and treasurer of Insilco Corp . 
He not only slashed marginal tax rates , initially sparking fresh growth in Britain , but he wanted to regulate monetary policy by targeting exchange rates , indeed joining the European Monetary System . 
Published in 1949 , it follows the decline of a Cairo family with the saga-like sweep and rich detail that critics often compare to Dickens , Balzac and Galsworthy . 
The acceptances give Orkem a controlling 53.2 % stake in the company . 
Mr. Daremblum is a lawyer and a columnist for La Nacion newspaper . 
It 's not clear which crew of communists might prevail in a coalition government , but the one good bet is that the non-communists would disappear . 
At 10:33 , when the S&P 500 December futures contract crunched to a 12-point loss under the force of sell programs , S&P futures trading was halted and program trades on the Big Board were routed into a special computer that scans for order imbalances . 
The European Community Commission challenged an agreement on routes and fares between France 's two largest airlines on antitrust grounds . 
Indeed , that happened to some extent yesterday , as industrial stocks rebounded , partly on news of takeovers in the paper industry . 
Goodson said David Carr , former president of Ingersoll Publications , and Ray Cockburn , former senior vice president , would head the new in-house management team at Goodson , which had revenue of $ 225 million in 1988 . 
Is somebody telling us something ? 
Fortunately , the quake was over before I managed to run out and stand naked on the hood . 
Yet a bill tailored to the interests of a single individual passed Congress with almost unimaginable speed , before the judicial process had run its course , and , indeed , while the Morgan case was awaiting a ruling by the appellate court . 
Although GM has U.S. approval to buy up to 15 % of Jaguar 's stock , it has n't yet disclosed how many shares it now owns . 
Kodak entered the high-definition television market by unveiling a device that can convert conventional film into high-definition video . 
The San Francisco-based telecommunications company said it carries $ 150 million of earthquake insurance with a $ 10 million deductible provision . 
`` There 's seven million square feet of space that 's doing great . 
But , at least , the law of averages should have swung to the favorable side . 
Specific terms are subject to review and a final agreement with debt holders , the company said . 
In the second quarter , middle-market cross-border transactions -- deals under $ 100 million each -- numbered 619 and totaled $ 6 billion , compared with 478 such transactions totaling $ 4.9 billion a year earlier , the firm said . 
The stock recovered somewhat to finish 1 1\/4 lower at 26 1\/4 . 
Dow 's third-quarter net fell to $ 589 million , or $ 3.29 a share , from $ 632 million , or $ 3.36 a share , a year ago . 
Stock-fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year . 
But he said that even under those conditions , the company still would realize a savings of tens of millions of dollars in the first year following a merger . 
Some experts say markets are n't as volatile as widely assumed . 
Chemex Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1.2 million units consisting of two shares of common stock and one common warrant , via PaineWebber Inc . 
The food company , which has 720,000 warrants and about 2.9 million common shares outstanding , said it may increase the offer to purchase any or all warrants that are properly tendered . 
The Health Insurance Association of America , an insurers ' trade group , acknowledges that stiff competition among its members to insure businesses likely to be good risks during the first year of coverage has aggravated the problem in the small-business market . 
This month 's Friday-the-13th market plunge spurred by UAL news was n't as bad for the Jacobson specialists as yesterday 's action . 
For the nine months ended July 29 , SFE Technologies reported a net loss of $ 889,000 on sales of $ 23.4 million . 
Several cotton analysts said that the move appeared to be mostly technical . 
Woolworth said it expects to expand usage of the MCI services as it adds about 6,000 business locations over the next few years . 
When the market fell below that level on Monday and then yesterday could n't climb above that level , traders started selling out their positions . 
Once production hurdles are overcome , the chips could take over a significant part of the market . 
Peter Kutney sold 5,000 shares , all of his holdings , for $ 11.38 a share , or $ 56,900 . 
The results include a $ 130.2 million write-down of the securities in the high-yield portfolio to the lower of their cost or market value . 
But Merrill Lynch , in its statement about pulling out of index arbitrage , suggested that the current debate has missed the mark . 
For one thing , it may be tough to attract people because skiing is still expensive : a lift ticket can cost up to $ 35 a day and equipment prices are rising . 
Currently , Avon , based in Santa Monica , Calif. , has 3.3 million common shares outstanding . 
`` This is only a further step in a lengthy investigation . '' 
To some mothers , the expected FDA action is a poignant reminder of what might have been . 
In a few instances , Aetna knew it would probably be shelling out big bucks , even before a client called or faxed in a claim . 
Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Prospect , a New York-based leveraged buy-out firm , also agreed to invest $ 15 million in Recognition , which in turn agreed to repurchase as much as $ 20 million of its stock . 
But stay tuned . 
Long-debated proposals to simplify the more than 150 civil penalties and make them fairer and easier to administer are in the House tax bill . 
In an unusual display of openness , IBM also will be helping customers tie together operations that include lots of equipment made by IBM 's competitors . 
Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 , Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
James Burke and Larry Evans , formerly owners of the now-defunct Barclay Gallery , and Prudence Clark , a Barclay sales representative , were charged with conducting high-pressure telephone sales in which they misrepresented cheap copies of Dali artwork as signed , limited-edition lithographs . 
Leonard Bickwit , an attorney in Washington for Mr. Keating , declined to comment on the hearings , except to say , `` We will be responding comprehensively in several forums to each of these allegations at the appropriate time . '' 
It contends that current government policy is failing to stem the AIDS epidemic because it suggests the use of condoms can make sex `` safe . '' 
Consultants say that Wang 's technology is among the best available in the image market . 
The Allianz statement also reinforced the belief that the takeover battle could be a long one . 
Your article points out the traps people fall into , but when reviewing those traps one sees just about all of them could have been avoided . 
United 's directors voted themselves , and their spouses , lifetime access to the Friendly Skies -- free first-class travel , and $ 20,000 a year for life as well . 
In other personnel changes stemming from problems in its options unit : 
Two left-wing politicians , Socialist Leonel Brizola , a former governor of Rio de Janeiro state , and Marxist-leaning Luis Inacio da Silva , currently are running neck and neck at about 15 % , and three other candidates are given a chance of reaching the Dec. 17 runoff election between the two biggest vote-getters : Social Democrat Mario Covas and two conservatives , Paulo Salim Maluf , a former governor of the state of Sao Paulo , and Guilherme Afif Domingos . 
Proceeds of the Adobe sale brought net income in the quarter to $ 161.1 million , or $ 1.24 a share . 
Commissioner Mary Francis Berry said it was `` another sad episode in the saga of the unguided missile who is chairman . '' 
The three insolvent thrifts will maintain normal business hours and operations under RTC-appointed managing agents , while the RTC tries to negotiate permanent resolutions . 
Fixed-income funds have returned 8.2 % , while gold funds , which tend to be volatile , have risen just 4.55 % , on average . 
Sometimes , as with `` Batman , '' the pair really do make the film . 
`` But by and large this company has only been profitable . '' 
The deal requires regulatory and shareholder approval . 
For example , Nissan 's U.S. operations include 10 separate subsidiaries -- for manufacturing , sales , design , research , etc. -- that report separately back to Japan . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
Hale Milgrim , 41 years old , senior vice president , marketing at Elecktra Entertainment Inc. , was named president of Capitol Records Inc. , a unit of this entertainment concern . 
Warner and Mr. Azoff declined comment , as did MCA , where Mr. Azoff had also been discussing such a venture . 
Helmsley 's insurance premiums are expected to be transferred to several different insurance brokerage companies . 
Prospect Group Inc. , whose recent hostile tender offer for Recognition Equipment Inc. failed for lack of financing , apparently has gained a measure of control over the troubled company anyway . 
`` MCI has made hawks out of the upper echelon of AT&T , '' said PaineWebber 's Mr. Grubman , who said he expected AT&T to become increasingly aggressive in dealing with its longtime nemesis . 
`` The big word around Specialized is passion , '' says Erik Eidsmo , a former ski-industry executive whom Mr. Sinyard recruited from Citicorp to run marketing and sales . 
Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal Weekly , published in New York for North American readers , will rise 6 % . 
Just the thing for the Vivaldi-at-brunch set , the yuppie audience that has embraced New Age as its very own easy listening . 
In 1980 , Mr. Guber got together with Mr. Peters , by then a successful producer in his own right , after the death of Mr. Bogart . 
September program trading amounted to 13.8 % of average daily New York Stock Exchange volume of 151.8 million shares , the largest percentage since the exchange began making such figures public in July 1988 . 
The federal Office of Thrift Supervision approved the conversion last Friday , HomeFed said . 
Wells Fargo 
That has outraged some fans . 
Richard Buckley said Stevric 's acquisition of Arby 's `` would allow seasoned franchisers and food-service operators , with no conflicts of interest , to stabilize franchisee relations and properly refocus the company 's energies toward growth . 
Last May , a government panel released a report on the extent and causes of the problem . 
Ford ca n't make a full-fledged bid for Jaguar until U.K. government restrictions expire . 
The only permanent losers will be the 200,000 or so workers everyone agrees will be priced out of a job at the $ 4.25 rate Congress is likely to approve today . 
The company could command a good price in the market . 
The work force provides the third arm of the `` alliance . '' 
Wives May Not Benefit When Men Do Chores 
Amdura 's bridge loan , part of the financing for Amdura 's acquisition of CoastAmerica in December 1988 , was to come due next Friday . 
Also , he said , the partnership is waiting to see whether the appellate division 's ruling will be appealed . 
Your Sept. 29 page-one story on the House-passed capital-gains plan is a good example . 
Dade County and federal authorities , learning that he intended to fly through Miami , made plans to arrest him on the gun-running charges as soon as he hit U.S. soil . 
`` It does n't increase benefits , but it 's costly and time-consuming , '' Ms. Fixx says . 
Sibra Products Inc. , Greenwich , Conn. , awarded its Cardinal Amber Light beer account to Heidelberg & Associates , New York . 
Mr. Goodfellow has started a Menlo Park , Calif. , company called Anterior Technology that provides human editors for public electronic networks . 
But other industry executives contend the losses could reach $ 250 million over four years and could go even higher if the World Series end in four-game romps . 
Analysts said they expect McCaw to escalate the bidding again . 
In addition , neurologists were beginning to report these observations as well . 
Mr. Belli , like many other personal-injury lawyers , suspects that the earthquake , which measured 6.9 on the Richter scale , will generate enough lawsuits to keep this city 's personal-injury and construction lawyers busy for quite some time . 
The resulting scandal led to the firing of James N. von Germeten as Boston Co. 's president and to the resignations of the company 's chief financial officer and treasurer . 
In a remark someone should remember this time next year , Senator Sasser said , `` I think we 've seen the peak of military construction spending for many years to come . '' 
The Cambodian horror was so bad that the Vietnamese occupation in 1978 was a perverse form of relief . 
But under the proposed guidelines , all federally funded research will have to be reported publicly so that anyone can capitalize on the work . 
There were many more . 
`` It 's hard to know right now if the change is fundamental or cyclical . '' 
Levi Strauss Associates Inc. , the closely held owner of Levi Strauss & Co. , said its fiscal third-quarter earnings jumped to $ 128.6 million from $ 31.3 million a year earlier , aided by a $ 69.8 million gain from the sale of stock in a Japanese subsidiary . 
But that has been the key to Compaq 's success , he adds , whereas Dell carved out its market niche as a direct seller of low-cost but reliable computers -- and it might be too late in the game for a shift in strategy . 
Stuffing a wad of Red Man into his cheek , he admits the fastball he brought into the majors in 1955 has become a slowball . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Late in the afternoon , several big purchases by Bear , Stearns , particularly a block of 200,000 shares at 2:43 p.m. at $ 150 a share , triggered a buying spree that took UAL up more than 18 points in the final hour of trading . 
Los Angeles-based Northrop recorded an 8.2 % decline in sales as B-2 Stealth bomber research-and-development revenue continued to ebb and high costs on some other programs cut into profit . 
Duriron , a maker of pumps , valves and other controls , said the acquisition wo n't impact its 1989 profit . 
Last month its president , John S. Donnelly , resigned citing `` management differences '' with Mr. Kurzweil . 
The judge in the jury trial said there was insufficient evidence to hold Ford liable in the case . 
This mostly happens because we go from football in the fall to lifting in the winter to football again in the spring '' . 
But , as CBS Broadcast Group president Howard Stringer puts it , the network now needs to `` broaden the horizons of nonfiction television , and that includes some experimentation . '' 
Figures assume a 7 % annual rise in tuition , fees , room and board and an 8 % annual investment return . 
That 's an emerging business in which computer makers or consultants provide turnkey communications and computing services to major corporations . 
Stock of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. gyrated wildly yesterday amid speculation that one or more investors may challenge the UAL board 's decision to remain independent instead of pursuing a buy-out or other transaction . 
But at the same time , spending on physician services and ambulatory care have mushroomed . 
( A Fortune article on Saul Steinberg was entitled , `` Fear and Loathing in the Corporate Boardrooms . '' ) 
The rest are split roughly between optimists who expect Hong Kong to hum along as before and pessimists who foresee irreparable chaos . 
'' However , pressure on Kidder 's parent , GE , could change Kidder 's policy . 
Joanne Lipman contributed to this article . 
Then , flashing a diamond ring as big as the Ritz ( `` my day diamond , darling '' ) , she told her two companions that she is on the `` board '' of the Vatican Museum in Rome . 
Fluor Corp. said it was awarded a $ 300 million contract to provide engineering and construction-management services at a copper mine in Irian Jaya , Indonesia , for a unit of Freeport-McMoRan Copper Co . 
Business had been fairly strong until Hurricane Hugo hit the area , but has been down since . 
The June killings magnified the problems . 
PROCTER & GAMBLE CO. , Cincinnati-based company 's Folgers Coffee plant in South San Francisco was closed following the earthquake , no injuries or major damage , other plants around country can make up for any lost production . 
But the judge denied a request by the former national security adviser , who faces five criminal charges , to seek documents from Bush . 
These are the sensitive souls who can empathize with and even enjoy hearing about other people 's troubles , no matter how haltingly or predictably the sad tale is told . 
He recommends such blue-chip growth stalwarts as Philip Morris , PepsiCo , CPC International , Reebok International , and Limited Inc . 
Mr. Della Femina will be joint chairman with former WCRS executive Robin Wight . 
The availability of these drives , in turn , boosted demand for laptop computers , whose usefulness had been limited because of lack of storage . 
No one has to accept the sins of the Ottoman Empire to reject that argument . 
As the largest holder of acquisition preferred units , Mesa Limited Partnership would own about 28 % of Edisto after the transaction . 
`` We are working significantly longer and harder than has been the case in the past , '' says Scott C. Newquist , Kidder 's head of investment banking since June . 
It was the first time anyone had showed that the loss of both copies of the same gene could lead to the eruption of a cancer . 
This sort of improved link figures to eventually become a significant weapon for some companies . 
President Bush must appoint two other members , one a Democrat and one a Republican . 
For the nine months , Los Angeles-based H.F. Ahmanson had profit of $ 128.1 million , or $ 1.29 a share , a 4.6 % decline from earnings of $ 134.2 million in the year-ago nine months . 
But then it turned out that President Siad Barrah was not at all a nice person and the Navy pointed out that the base he promised us in Berbera had silted up about a hundred years ago and anyway was 1,244 miles from the mouth of the Gulf . 
A department spokesman said the ruling `` raised a serious question '' about the office of the president . 
`` Without some real product improvements , it 's going to be difficult to win that loyalty back . '' 
There will be no sightseeing , no shopping and no social events . '' 
A seat on the Chicago Board of Trade was sold for $ 390,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Tuesday . 
But the general practice makes it more difficult to combine small groups of people into larger groups , thus spreading the risk over a larger base of premiums . 
In recent months a group of lenders , led by Bank of America , has extended Control Data up to $ 90 million in revolving loans through January , as well as $ 115 million in standby letters of credit . 
He acknowledged only one difference with Mr. Reagan -- that the amendment ought to have exceptions for rape and incest as well as to save a woman 's life . 
Besides new styling , the new Nissans have more powerful engines and more sophisticated suspension systems . 
a nun raising some lovable orphans . 
Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. posted a loss for fiscal 1989 of 980.2 million Australian dollars ( US$ 762.4 million ) , the largest in Australian corporate history . 
For years , he quietly stuck to the back accounting rooms , wearing a hat to work because everyone else did . 
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 , which eliminated many tax shelters peddled by planners , and the stock market crash the next year did cause a sharp slump in such demand , and many planners had to make an unplanned exit from the business . 
Lake View had an operating deficit last year and has a poor reputation as an out-of-repair and crime-infested cemetery . 
While the Kremlin has urged a ban on output of the poison gases , the White House wants to continue producing the weapons even after an international treaty calling for their destruction is signed . 
The $ 20,000 tax would be a small cost in a multibillion-dollar deal , but a serious drag on thousands of small , friendly deals . 
The Menlo Park , Calif. , company said net was $ 7.4 million , or 22 cents a share , down from $ 32.3 million , or 86 cents a share , a year ago . 
Officials at the Department of Revenue had dogged the foreign car maker for taxes owed on business transactions and were proceeding to settle the dispute in court . 
Bard\/EMS had 1988 sales of about $ 14 million , Birtcher said . 
In the six months since the current fiscal year began April 1 , the surplus totaled # 500 million , compared with a surplus of # 3.6 billion in the year-earlier period . 
This fall , for example , L'Oreal Group , ordinarily a high-end line , rolled out a drug-store line of skin-care products called Plenitude , which retail for $ 5 to $ 15 . 
HEALTH-CARE experts have long worried that young doctors emerging from medical school with a mountain of debt will choose careers in high-paying specialties instead of primary care , where more physicians are needed most . 
Dow would earn $ 14.85 a share for the year if it equaled that year-ago fourth-quarter performance . 
Although Columbia had a good summer with `` Ghostbusters II '' and `` When Harry Met Sally , '' rivals such as Warner , Paramount Pictures , Walt Disney Co. and Universal Studios have been thrashing Columbia at the box office . 
June 1 , 1987 : 
Mr. Kakita said the key dollar-yen exchange rate is at 135 yen . 
The circuit breakers caused a 30-minute shutdown in trading in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index futures contract as the markets were falling . 
But Congress still could resolve the issue with other legislation this year or next , Starr adds . 
Durable goods orders slipped 0.1 % in September , reflecting weakening auto demand after a spurt of orders for new 1990 models . 
The researchers , who are being financed by the Lithox funds , will receive a royalty , or percentage of sales , if their research yields a commercial product . 
The number of issues falling on the New York Stock Exchange each day is eclipsing the number of gainers . 
When the Supreme Court opened the door this year to new restrictions on abortion , Ms. Ehman opened her mind to Democratic politics . 
The industrials were up about 60 points in the afternoon , but cautious investors took profits before the close . 
The entry fee is affordable : Issues typically are sold in minimum denominations of $ 1,000 . 
If all of this seems a little stale , it 's redeemed in part by some tricky plot twists : 
Japan 's objections to the U.S. plan center around its desire to stay self-sufficient in rice , a staple food , even though foreign producers are far more efficient . 
`` Trying to answer that is suggesting all kinds of theories , '' such as precisely where and how the brain processes incoming signals from the eyes . 
Because mutual fund trades do n't take effect until the market close -- in this case , at 4 p.m. -- these shareholders effectively stayed put . 
Mr. Bakes declined to give out Eastern 's daily losses , but said he did n't expect Eastern would have to dip into the cash from asset sales currently held in escrow . 
Big withdrawals from the junk funds have continued this month . 
As of Sept. 30 , the bank had assets of $ 511 million and deposits of $ 469 million , Security Pacific said . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set March 9 . 
As a result , brokerage house officials said , appropriate comparisons from the same period a year earlier were unavailable . 
S&P also lowered ratings on unsecured deposits and issues backed by a letter of credit from the bank holding company 's principal unit , Valley National Bank of Arizona . 
The company 's third-quarter earnings also rose to 10 cents a share from eight cents a share a year ago . 
Mr. Noriega 's relationship to American intelligence agencies became contractual in either 1966 or 1967 , intelligence officials say . 
Some nights he slept under his desk . 
National Intergroup Inc. said it expects to report a charge of $ 5.3 million related to the sale of its aluminum unit 's extrusion division for the third quarter . 
At a back-yard barbecue , for example , a friend boasts that she 'll only have to pay premiums on her John Hancock policy for seven years and that her death benefits will then be `` guaranteed . '' 
The scheme allegedly cost the post office # 10 million ( $ 16.1 ) in revenue in the past 12 months . 
One reason for his gloom is a weekly tally he keeps of stocks within a point of hitting new highs or lows . 
Kellogg dropped 1 3\/4 to 73 1\/4 . 
Almost $ 8 billion of junk bonds that are considered untradeable include issues from SCI TV , Gillette Holdings ( not related to Gillette Co. ) , Interco , Seaman Furniture , Allied Stores , Federated Department Stores , National Gypsum , M.D.C. Holdings , Micropolis , Leaseway Transportation and Price Communications . 
For the PRI to stand a chance , Mr. Salinas has to press on with an economic program that so far has succeeded in lowering inflation and providing moderate economic growth . 
So Mr. Moon is in retreat , refocusing on the Far East . 
But according to bankers and stock analysts who have studied the paper mill , price is n't the only consideration . 
Lilly shares closed yesterday in composite trading on the Big Board at $ 62.25 , down 12.5 cents . 
Car sales slackened in September after the 1990 models were introduced . 
Exports during the period were $ 7.01 billion , 2.6 % below $ 7.20 billion a year ago . 
It would n't discuss a price . 
Robert A. Oswald , chief financial officer and a director of this natural-gas pipeline company , was elected to the additional position of executive vice president . 
Yet when my youngest child died two years ago , I buried him in the church cemetery of a small Missouri town . 
The CFTC may take those arguments into account by allowing exceptions to its restrictions . 
According to Teikoku Data Bank Ltd. , which tracks company earnings , Aichi 's revenue rose 15 % to 49.3 billion yen ( $ 348.4 million ) in the year ended February . 
The company also said the transaction would bolster after-tax earnings by $ 3.25 a share when completed and boost its primary capital ratio to 7 % from 6.63 % . 
The White House has decided to seek changes in pesticide law that are aimed at speeding the removal of harmful chemicals from the food supply . 
Woodbridge is a holding company owned by Toronto 's Thomson family . 
ESB on July 29 accepted the Inco offer and the brief battle -- unlike the intricate and lengthy big takeovers of 1984-1989 -- was over . 
This gene , called `` gametocide , '' is carried into the plant by a virus that remains active for a few days . 
`` The arrogance of a judge , his demeanor , the way he handles people are not a basis for filing a complaint , '' says Mr. Bognato . 
Prior to this episode , Sen. Christopher Dodd ( D. , Conn. ) , sensing an open field , undertook a personal diplomatic mission through Central America to promote an early disbanding of the rebels . 
We 'd do the strategy and then we 'd come around and do the budget . 
As Mr. Dougherty says , `` The last thing they need is enormous disruption at the top ... and Graham is obviously a long-term member of the Ogilvy Mafia , as we call it . '' 
One advantage that federal officials have in handling earthquake relief is the large number of military facilities in the San Francisco Bay area , facilities that provide a ready base of supplies and workers . 
Shares of biotechnology companies in the area were also higher . 
A parliamentary investigative committee dominated by the Congress ( I ) Party concludes that there were no middlemen in the deal and no payment to any Indian individual or company . 
Although accountants are n't noted as `` being deeply emotional , they really hold it all in , '' said Mr. Burton , former chief accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
It would n't be a good idea to indict him -- much less Mr. Noriega , the prosecutor was told . 
'' Ford probably would try to kill the proposal by enlisting support from U.S. takeover-stock speculators and holding out the carrot of a larger bid later , said Stephen Reitman , European auto analyst at London brokers UBS Phillips & Drew . 
Millions of refugees would rush home . 
For example , `` market-on-close orders '' must be filled during the last few minutes of trading for the day at a price that is within the official closing range of prices as determined by the exchange . 
This year he bought two stores , one in Brooklyn and one in Queens . 
By contrast , an investor in stocks must put up 50 % in cash . 
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third-quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier . 
In a modern system , the government 's role is to give the people as much choice as possible and to keep them well informed so they are capable of making a choice . 
Computer and software companies in the region are expecting virtually no long-term disruption in shipments . 
Some big companies have teams of in-house experts focusing on safety and business resumption . 
But advancing issues topped decliners by 784 to 700 on the Big Board despite the late sell programs , resulting from stock-index arbitrage . 
Diane Seaman , an NBC-TV vice president , says NBC has been able to charge premium rates for this ad time . 
The result is that some franchisees are running hard just to stay even , laying off middle managers and working harder to make less . 
The problem is being ballyhooed , experts say , because the 486 is Intel 's future flagship . 
Columbia Pictures is being acquired by Sony Corp. , which is based in Japan . 
John Tower was accused of womanizing and boozing during his unsuccessful bid to win confirmation as secretary of defense earlier this year . 
The wonder is not that the resistance has failed to topple the Kabul regime , but that it continues to exist and fight at all . 
They were what he called an `` unlawful termination '' by MGM\/UA of the acquisition agreement with Qintex , high Australian interest rates , a pilots ' strike at Australian domestic airlines that cut revenue at the company 's Australian resorts and delays in completing a sale of two regional TV stations in Queensland state . 
Macmillan has owned Berlitz since 1966 . 
NEWSPAPERS : 
Mr. Lawson 's speech , delivered at the Lord Mayor of London 's annual dinner at Mansion House , came on the heels of a grueling period for the U.K. economy . 
In addition , mutual funds did n't appear to be major sellers of high-yield securities as was expected . 
Mr. Bockris previously reported getting bursts of excess heat and of detecting increasing amounts of tritium forming in the heavy water . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
The House version of the legislation would kill that deduction , and label any such debt as equity , which is n't deductible . 
Still , many were confident that `` in a day or two , everything should be back to normal , '' according to a spokeswoman for the Semiconductor Industry Association , based in Cupertino . 
Here she has the aid of her longtime associate Jeff Helpern , whom she appointed Trinity 's first-ever musical director and whom she equipped with a spanking new $ 60,000 sound system and recording studio . 
Last week , yields on long-term New York City general obligation bonds jumped half a percentage point . 
He admits he has no story on any of them on these occasions . 
Similarly , Honda Motor Co. 's sales are so brisk that workers grumble they have n't had a Saturday off in years , despite the government 's encouragement of more leisure activity . 
A stronger U.S. dollar reduced third-quarter and first-nine-month sales growth 2 % and 3 % , respectively . 
Sierra has been instrumental in securing a number of the California bans . 
The beginnings were modest . 
BLOCKBUSTER ENTERTAINMENT CORP. said it raised $ 92 million from an offering of liquid yield option notes . 
Peter Laird , a Los Angeles lawyer for Ms. Midler , said , `` We believe that the verdict reaffirms her position and our position that advertisers and advertising agencies can not with impunity imitate the voices of well-known performers . 
That leaves $ 13 , which could be used to buy S&P 500 options that will nearly match any gain in the S&P index . 
The company 's trustee , F.E. Agnew , was unavailable for comment . 
The group currently holds 3,027,330 Rally 's shares , or 45.2 % of its commmon shares outstanding . 
Bond prices ended lower after an early rally , while the dollar was mixed . 
William Lynes , a retired engineer from Lockheed Corp. , says he and his wife , Lily , warmed to the investment pitches of a penny-stock peddler from Stuart-James Co. in Atlanta after the broker told them he , too , had once worked with Lockheed . 
After all , farmers here work with `` hazardous '' chemicals every day , many of them the same chemicals that would have been destroyed in the incinerator . 
In his opening arguments last week in federal court in New York , Mr. Lang told the jury that Mr. Lorin was the `` real master criminal '' behind the stock manipulation , and that Mr. Laff knew nothing about it . 
But according to some Big Board traders , an organized campaign from exchange-listed companies might make the exchange finally consider big changes . 
He turned himself in to authorities in New York earlier this year . 
Analysts said the company 's effort will be helped by its decision last year to put point-of-sale scanners in 200 stores , allowing National Convenience to quickly track items that are selling and those that are n't . 
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS-Phillips & Drew . 
The company was able to assess its damage liability quickly because it has computerized maps of Northern California showing the exact locations of all the property it insures . 
Traders said the stock market 's lurching moves have prompted many investors to head for the sidelines until it regains some semblance of stability . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set Aug. 31 , 1987 . 
Stock-index arbitrage , because it sells the more `` expensive '' market and buys the `` cheaper '' one , attempts to reestablish the link between the stock and futures markets , and the adjustments are often abrupt . 
Aftershocks could intervene . 
In the 1970s , several pharmaceutical and packaged-goods companies , including Colgate-Palmolive Co. , Eli Lilly & Co. , Pfizer Inc. and Schering-Plough acquired cosmetics companies . 
But this is not enough . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Vermont American common closed at $ 39.75 , off 25 cents . 
Both men are 44 years old . 
The company said the dollar 's continued strengthening reduced world-wide sales growth by three percentage points . 
He added that it likely will have a `` mulitiplier effect '' in stimulating further trade between the two countries . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. , snapping back to profitability after its first quarterly loss as a public firm , said it earned $ 5.2 million , or seven cents a share , in the fiscal first quarter . 
David W. Lodge was elected vice president and chief financial officer , effective Nov. 1 . 
In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.57 yen , down from Tuesday 's Tokyo close of 142.10 yen . 
BankAmerica spokesmen said preliminary reports indicate the company was n't materially affected by the Tuesday earthquake . 
Groused Robert Antolini , head of over-the-counter trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette : `` It 's making it tough for traders to make money . '' 
The software conversion costs would dwarf any savings . '' 
Sen. Packwood has offered his capital-gains-cut package as an amendment to a bill , now pending in the Senate , that would authorize aid to Poland and Hungary . 
The other element includes consolidating BethForge 's press-forge operations . 
Some analysts contend that silver is cheap now that prices are languishing at levels last seen in the mid-1970s . 
The second incident took place after Mr. McDuffie gave an ambitious student recital and was feeling rather pleased with himself . 
And she proved no shirking violet in her initial statement to the BPCA , a New York State public benefit corporation : `` The only thing I was interested in doing was a very complicated garden , which would cost an enormous amount of money and be very expensive to maintain . '' 
Citibank and Chase had agreed to commit $ 3 billion , and said they were `` highly confident '' of raising another $ 4.2 billion . 
Coke now leads Pepsi in market share in caffeine-free diet colas but trails Pepsi in sales of caffeine-free sugared colas , according to Beverage Digest . 
According to testimony in a public , 80-page grand-jury report handed up to the state attorney general , Judge O'Kicki extorted cash from lawyers , muscled favorable loans from banks and bullied local businesses for more than a decade . 
Overall , 12 % of consumers are n't brand loyal for any of the 25 product categories . 
Canada is the world 's largest producer of market pulp . 
Daniel B. Scully Tucson , Ariz . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Homestake closed at $ 15.25 , down 25 cents . 
Similarly , he says , suppose you were attracted to a company because of expectations that sales would hit $ 200 million by 1990 . 
Channel One , a satellite-delivered daily program supported by advertising , is scheduled to be launched next March . 
Mr. Engelken and Mr. Thomson drifted in different directions in the subsequent years , and the Polo Grounds , located under Coogan 's Bluff in upper Manhattan , was replaced by a public-housing project . 
We lost our chance to communicate with sweet-natured visitors `` about four feet tall { who } looked as though they were made of puffed-up marshmallow . '' 
Meanwhile , investors turned a cold shoulder to the Treasury 's sale of $ 10 billion of new two-year notes yesterday . 
`` Insurance companies will foot a substantial amount of the bill to reconstruct San Francisco , '' said Charles Lieberman , chief economist at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp . 
The text of the `` new policy '' guidelines from the Criminal Division are reprinted nearby . 
Quotron is n't profitable on Citicorp 's books because of the interest charges the New York bank holding company incurred in buying the financial-data concern for $ 680 million , says Ronald I. Mandle , analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein & Co . 
Hong Kong has built a detention center for illegal immigrants from China because China has refused for the past two weeks to accept them back . 
An AT&T spokeswoman said the company would likely replace about one-third of its managers who choose to retire with new employees . 
Big Board officials say only 25 contracts a day may trade at first , equivalent to a day 's action at a small , regional exchange . 
But it was the underlying situation that became intolerable . 
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . '' 
Then he canceled production of the Navy 's most important carrier aircraft , the F-14 and the A-6 . 
Hibernia Corp. , a New Orleans bank holding company , will join the Big Board Thursday under HIB . 
EMPIRE PENCIL , later called Empire-Berol , developed the plastic pencil in 1973 . 
But when the Pemex plant shut down for an annual overhaul , it would never give notice to its customers . 
He declined to disclose specific prices , but said each product costs in the tens of thousands , or even hundreds of thousands , of dollars . 
The numbers suggest that the housing industry is still suffering the effects of the Federal Reserve 's battle against inflation . 
Minpeco now says it is willing to settle for up to $ 65.7 million from each brother , although the actual amount would probably be much less . 
The Sago has become a popular accent in tony new housing tracts , apparently giving the rustlers a ready market for their filched fronds . 
Going to the well of the chamber , Mr. Panetta demanded the costs be fully counted . 
Urban is the company 's first telephone subsidiary in Wisconsin . 
Your interest is not taken to heart because people only care about your performance '' . 
GM is expected to inject roughly # 200 million ( $ 316 million ) by acquiring some Jaguar shares , and then win Jaguar management 's promise of an eventual 30 % stake . 
It is payable Nov. 30 to units of record Oct. 31 . 
In preparation for the withdrawal , Moscow , Kabul and New Delhi signed two agreements for several hundred newly civilian Indian experts to replace some of the more visible Soviet military personnel . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
Revenue more than doubled to $ 2.62 billion from $ 1.29 billion . 
Proceeds from the offering are expected to be used for remodeling the company 's Desert Inn resort in Las Vegas , refurbishing certain aircraft of the MGM Grand Air unit , and to acquire the property for the new resort . 
The Knight Foundation , of Akron , Ohio , has established a national commission to look into college-sports reform , and the NCAA Presidents Commission earlier this month recommended cutting spring football practice in half , moving the start of basketball practice back by a month and reducing maximum schedules in that sport to 25 games from 28 . 
Ignore the present condition . 
Per-share net rose to 20.48 yen from 19.51 yen . 
Some $ 380 million of the troubled assets is repossessed real estate , a 55.6 % surge from the $ 244.2 million of repossesed property HomeFed held a year ago . 
Both reports are based on several thousand patients sampled in a 1985 nationwide government survey . 
In addition , Ford and Saab had discussed a possible link between their heavy truck operations . 
`` The Thief and the Dogs '' is a pioneering work , the first stream-of-consciousness novel in Arabic , but it is likely to disappoint Western readers . 
-- Left intact an award of $ 1.5 million in damages against Dow Chemical Co. in the death of an Oregon man from exposure to Agent Orange . 
A further decline in prices will lead to mine production cuts in the U.S. , he says . 
Your Oct. 5 editorial `` A Democratic Tax Cut '' contained an error . 
He 's put a fresh spin on material that could come off terribly cliched ; for example , the way Susie wows an audience the first time she sings with the Baker Boys . 
Ogilvy & Mather , whose declining profitability prompted its takeover by WPP Group earlier this year , will see its profit margins bounce back to the `` 11.5 % range '' in 1990 , said Graham Phillips , the agency 's new chairman-elect . 
The Hindu newspaper publishes the withheld portion of the Swedish National Audit Bureau 's report . 
Since then , the bank has strengthened its Italian network , and has posted strong results . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
The centerpiece of the promotion is its new ad campaign , into which the magazine will pour about $ 500,000 , mostly in the next few weeks . 
General Motors continued to be hardest hit . 
Santa Fe stopped freight trains Tuesday night while its officials inspected track but resumed service at 10:45 p.m. when they found no damage . 
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . '' 
Sales growth of 10 % a year seems possible , he said , and Akzo expects its Twaron business to become profitable in 1990 . 
Mr. Maynard 's forces finally defeated the measure , though it took a vote on the floor of the House of Representatives to do it . 
But two other major storms have threatened operations so far this year , most recently Hurricane Jerry this week . 
( Jacksonville , Fla. ) -- Charles Bates , president , chief executive and chief operating officer will resign from these positions and the board effective Oct. 31 . 
Some analysts suggest , however , that the ratio has weakened in value as an indicator because options and other products can be used to hedge short positions . 
The Control Data deal is a boon for Mips because it gives the the five-year-old company one more ally as it battles more established electronic concerns such as Sun , Hewlett-Packard Co. , Motorola Inc. and Intel Corp. for the emerging market for RISC machines . 
His massage chair is kept in a closet , and a secretary escorts him past security . 
Casino revenues and hotel occupancy rates are high . 
In what has become a series of bad-news announcements , the world 's largest maker of supercomputers said that after reviewing its order prospects , `` we have concluded it is prudent to plan for next year on the assumption that revenue again will be flat . '' 
The drop in earnings did n't surprise analysts who said the Pittsburgh glass , coatings and chemical concern had been predicting a slow quarter because of the sluggish construction industry , a major market for the company 's flat glass . 
The quake postponed the third and fourth games of the World Series . 
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries . 
Those filings , plus the expected sale of a number of financially healthy chains , such as Saks Fifth Avenue , Marshall Field 's and Bloomingdale 's , have added to the anxiety . 
But Mr. Greenberg 's sanguine outlook is n't matched by many fast-food industry observers . 
The federal deficit was $ 155.15 billion in 1988 and $ 149.69 billion in 1987 . 
The convertible preferred will pay dividends at 7.875 % and be convertible into shares of Citizens First at a rate equal to 20 % above the average closing price of the stock during a 20-day period prior to the transaction 's completion . 
Short-term interest rates rose at the government 's regular weekly Treasury-bill auction . 
The Tax Court did n't believe that the Rubins , who earned $ 65,619 in their regular jobs , treated the sideline as a real business and derived `` merely incidental elements of recreation and other personal pleasure and benefits '' from it . 
Oncor Inc. , Gaithersburg , Md. , said it received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to market a genetic test that will assist in diagnosis and treatment of leukemia and lymph cancer . 
Before this bullish theory surfaced , some insurance stocks initially fell , indicating that investors thought the quake might cost insurers a lot of money . 
The combined buying rallied the Dow into a small gain , before closing at a slight loss . 
The offering is scheduled to expire on Nov. 30 . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Experienced resistance commanders wanted to use guerrilla action and siege tactics to wear down the regime . 
Cracking the top 10 within three years will be difficult at best . 
`` If they think well of the company through our support of the Bill of Rights , it follows they 'll think well of our products . '' 
They wanted a machine that would allow them to pedal into rugged terrain then inaccessible to cycles . 
The chamber voted 231-191 , 51 votes short of the two-thirds majority needed to overturn the president 's veto of legislation renewing support of Medicaid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape and incest . 
Ms. Minella and Ms. Strasser say they are managing their junk portfolios defensively , building cash and selectively upgrading the overall quality . 
Trinity River Authority , Texas -- $ 134,750,000 of regional wastewater system improvement revenue bonds , Series 1989 , via competitive bid . 
A spokesman for LTV Steel , which is a unit of Dallas-based LTV Corp. , noted that steel prices , adjusted for inflation , increased only 1.7 % between 1981 and the fourth quarter of 1988 , while the prices of other industrial commodities increased nearly five times as much . 
`` What on earth does the UAL deal have to do with the price of Walmart , which I was able to buy on Oct. 16 at a very attractive price ? '' 
Ad Notes ... . 
I want people in the barber shops and the beauty shops and standing in line at the rib joints to be talking about the show . 
Despite all the formal provisions for its independence , the Fed seems constantly to feel that if it uses its independence too freely it will lose it . 
Odds and Ends 
Mr. Hulings gloats that he sold all his stocks a week before the market plummeted 190 points on Oct. 13 , and he is using the money to help buy a 45-acre horse farm . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Lockheed closed at $ 46.125 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
It is almost a carbon copy of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's Eurodollar contract , which is based on the three-month Eurodollar rate , the rate paid on U.S.-dollar deposits in London banks . 
Shippers cut about $ 35 billion from their annual , inter-city truck and rail costs , to about $ 150 billion , or about 6.4 % of gross national product , down from 8 % of GNP in 1981 . 
Gerald F. Seib and Joe Davidson in Washington contributed to this article . 
Donaldson Lufkin declined to comment on the restructuring . 
`` We hope to sensitize employers '' to recognize the problems so they can do something about them , Dr. Warshaw said . 
The two said they must still do more laboratory tests , then experiment on animals . 
Expenses are flat and that 's a good sign . 
This is a fact -- though , in view of all the feathers that are ruffled by this fact , it is not surprising that one hears so little about it . 
`` I 'm sure they 'll formulate a reform that will be a recipe for the GDR 's future as a separately identifiable state , '' says Michael Simmons , a British journalist whose book on East Germany , entitled `` The Unloved Country , '' was published this month . 
Generally they maintain that , barring a recession and a further strengthening of the dollar against foreign currencies , the industry is n't headed for a prolonged slump . 
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less . 
EXAMINE WHAT HAS CHANGED . 
`` Thank goodness it 's happening . 
Corporate Issues 
At Plant Genetic Systems , researchers have isolated a pollen-inhibiting gene that can be inserted in a plant to confer male sterility . 
`` If you have both { labor } groups on strike , you 've got no revenue and that 's a very scary thing for a bank to be looking at . '' 
Regarding Mr. Hunt 's taxes , he and the IRS have apparently agreed on a basic formula for liquidating his estate in which the IRS would get 70 % of the proceeds from a liquidating trust and 30 % would go to other creditors . 
`` We were reassured they would stand behind the company . '' 
That may just be the nature of these highly leveraged little creatures . '' 
By an 11-2 margin , Senate negotiators voted to preserve the 235 mortgage refinancing plan , and despite powerful allies , the opposition found itself undercut by an unusual alliance of liberals and conservatives . 
In addition , the company has made it tough on competitors by offering a stream of desktop computers at sharply lower prices . 
Robin Honiss , president and chief executive officer of this bank holding company , was elected to the additional posts of chairman , president and chief executive of the company 's New England Savings Bank subsidiary . 
Taken together , the auto-sales and durable-goods reports confirmed perceptions that the economy is bogging down . 
It compares the position of key words in the story ; words in the headline or first paragraph get a higher value . 
`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco . 
The vote to approve was 
And centenarians fly free in first class . 
Increased patrolling of business zones makes sense because urban crime is heavily concentrated in such `` hot spots '' of pedestrian density . 
Jaguar advanced 19 to 673 as traders contemplated a potential battle between General Motors and Ford Motor for control of the U.K. luxury auto maker . 
At the end of this period , the poison pill would be eliminated automatically , unless a new poison pill were approved by the then-current shareholders , who would have an opportunity to evaluate the corporation 's strategy and management team at that time . 
The original bank in Frankfurt closed in 1901 after the death of Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild , and the family 's banking activities focused on London and Paris . 
They simply got carried away with interpreting what the executive order banning assassinations really meant . 
`` But it 's not mediocre , it 's a real problem . '' 
The move will make the drug available free of charge for a time to children with the disease and symptoms of advanced infection . 
`` But it 's like biting the hand that feeds them , because every one of these companies uses direct marketing . '' 
The cuts will be made half within Germany and half abroad . 
Both ads were designed by Omnicom 's DDB Needham agency . 
Led by Pizza Hut and Taco Bell , restaurant earnings increased about 25 % in the third quarter on a 22 % sales increase . 
Market participants note that the mark continues to post heftier gains against its U.S. counterpart than any other major currency , particularly the yen . 
`` They are not a happy group of people at Battle Creek right now . '' 
The procedure causes `` great uncertainty '' because an investor ca n't be sure of his or her individual liability , Lloyd 's said . 
The offer is in limbo , however , because LIN has agreed to merge its cellular-phone businesses with BellSouth Corp . 
Under bankruptcy law , Eastern has exclusive rights for a certain period to develop its own reorganization plan . 
Takeover-stock traders , stung by their huge losses in UAL stock , remained eager for some action by an outside catalyst following the collapse Oct. 13 of a $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion labor-management buy-out . 
Sales increased 11 % to # 2.5 billion from # 2.25 billion , while operating profit climbed 13 % to # 225.7 million from # 199.8 million . 
The Sun concluded that Mr. Pierce is only part of the problem -- and a part that 's gone . 
Under the existing contract , Rockwell said , it has already delivered 793 of the shipsets to Boeing . 
The Communists nearly succeeded in eliminating prostitution after taking over in 1949 , but the practice has returned in recent years with the country 's increased exposure to the outside world . 
One immediate source of money is an emergency fund set up by Gov. Deukmejian . 
The resistance lacks not only air power , armor and expertise but often such essentials as maps , mine detectors , or even winter gloves . 
`` We have n't benefited the shareholder as much as we need to , '' said Edgar Woolard Jr. , Du Pont 's chairman and chief executive officer , in an interview several months before he entered his current position in April . 
U.S. Trust , a 136-year-old institution that is one of the earliest high-net worth banks in the U.S. , has faced intensifying competition from other firms that have established , and heavily promoted , private-banking businesses of their own . 
But the words that boomed over the loudspeakers bore messages of peace , unity , negotiation and discipline . 
The Sept. 25 `` Tracking Travel '' column advises readers to `` Charge With Caution When Traveling Abroad '' because credit-card companies charge 1 % to convert foreign-currency expenditures into dollars . 
The buyer then picks a price and buys shares at that price from holders who offered to sell at that price or lower . 
The carriers were competing fiercely for market share . 
New Hyundai Campaign 
Among other changes , the White House wants to : 
But the EC reacted defiantly , arguing that the proposal 's main aim is to destroy the Common Agricultural Policy , the EC 's $ 28 billion-a-year price support program . 
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here . 
But opponents fear overcrowding . 
Because the U.S. leads in most areas of biotechnology -- largely because of research investment by the U.S. government -- the sale is sure to increase concerns that Japanese companies will buy American know-how and use it to obtain the upper hand in biotechnology trade and competition . 
And Navigation Mixte has a huge hidden attraction . 
But they will have disappointing returns or even losses if interest rates rise instead . 
Earnings have plummeted , too , in each of the past three quarters . 
`` It 's a whole new generation , '' he said . 
Since the spring of 1985 , financial alchemists have transformed a wide variety of debt into these new securities . 
Last spring , the comptroller 's office called a halt to Mr. Paul 's fling , giving him six months to sell the paintings . 
Still , Kroger Co. , Pinnacle West Capital Corp. , CSX Corp. , Illinois Power Co. , Media General Inc. , Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp. and Gulf States Utilities Co. , did n't pay any federal income tax last year although they garnered a total of $ 1.2 billion in profits , the group said . 
The second portion will be completed the following year . 
The federal government initiative follows a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision that held that the major telephone companies in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba and in the Atlantic coast provinces were interprovincial undertakings and subject to federal legislative authority . 
Are those declines enough to signal a partial return to stocks ? 
Two recent decisions by federal courts cast judges in the odd role of telling authors how they should write history and biography . 
When the Germans lost World War I , they lost Namibia to South Africa and the diamonds to Ernest Oppenheimer , patriarch of Anglo American Corp. and De Beers . 
While one big SCI TV investor thinks that 's pretty generous , many junkholders had been hoping that KKR and Mr. Gillett would invest new money in SCI TV . 
The benchmark 30-year bond , which traded as high as 102 1\/4 during the day , ended at 101 17\/32 . 
Wall Street had expected a modest rise in the company 's domestic sales and earnings , and more substantial increases in overseas results . 
`` We are dealing with real entrepreneurs , '' says Antoni Leopold , an economist who advises Rural Solidarity , the union 's countryside offshoot . 
BellSouth 
On Tuesday , Trelleborg 's directors announced plans to spin off two big divisions -- minerals processing , and building and distribution -- as separately quoted companies on Stockholm 's Stock Exchange . 
But everything is relative to Mr. Terrizzi , so stocks in his view can become more attractive in comparison with bonds or T-bills , even if shares are more expensive than when they were sold in January . 
They could also check through the orders on file to find a customer that was willing to accept a lower grade of polyethylene . 
Ford has acquired more than 13 % of Jaguar 's shares , and GM has received U.S. regulatory clearance to buy 15 % . 
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell-O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves . 
He helped persuade 10 of these senators to support him and Majority Leader George Mitchell on these grounds . 
The Senate had refused late Friday to invoke cloture and limit debate , but behind the bipartisan leadership , a solid majority took shape yesterday and brushed aside amendments seeking to cut the total package or steer it away from direct aid to political parties . 
Bankers Trust New York Corp. won permission from the Federal Reserve Board to move the company 's private placement department to its fledgling securities subsidiary . 
The company 's decision was made after First Hospital failed to obtain financing for its offer . 
According to the officials , Mr. Bush even read to the senators selections from a highly classified letter from the committee to the White House discussing the guidelines . 
`` Who would bid against Paribas ? '' 
Mr. Lieber , the actor who plays Mr. Hoffman , says he was concerned at first that the script would `` misrepresent an astute political mind , one that I admired , '' but that his concerns were allayed . 
So Mr. Carter formed three new Army divisions and gave them to a new bureaucracy in Tampa called the Rapid Deployment Force . 
Stockbrokers who cater to individual investors said the Big Board 's new product confirms the exchange does n't want to curtail program trading , which last month accounted for a record 13.8 % of the exchange 's average daily volume . 
But the actual head count of non-farm employment payroll jobs is likely to be muddied by the impact of Hurricane Hugo , strikes , and less-than-perfect seasonal adjustments , economists said . 
Becton , Dickinson & Co. , for example , faces stiff competition from a Japanese supplier in the important syringe market . 
Willamette Industries , whose stock has suffered steep losses in recent sessions , surged 1 1\/2 to 49 . 
Mourning for the father is overshadowed by the shame of burying him in a pauper 's grave . 
But LDP members and supporters of the prepaid card idea tend to speak in innuendo about the JSP 's alleged donations , implying that North Korean money would be more suspect than South Korean because North Korea is communist and South Korea is an ally . 
`` Everyone in the world is watching us very closely . '' 
Because index-fund managers are no longer satisfied with merely being average , they have developed `` enhanced '' indexing strategies that are intended to outperform the market as much as three percentage points . 
`` Maybe three years ago , there were a lot of { Ty } Cobbs in the hobby , and awhile back there were Babe Ruth checks , '' says Mr. Smalling . 
It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . 
Citing current stock market conditions and the trend away from highly leveraged transactions , Grimm said it was n't certain that the total value of transactions for the year will exceed the record $ 247 billion in 1988 . 
El Paso , Austin and Fort Worth , the three strongest retail markets in the nation , are all located in Texas , where employment grew a relatively strong 2 % . 
Their price falls further than that of other bonds when inflation and interest rates kick up . 
Because the Soviet ruble is n't convertible into dollars , marks and other Western currencies , companies that hope to set up production facilities here must either export some of the goods to earn hard currency or find Soviet goods they can take in a counter-trade transaction . 
For instance , witnesses in Voronezh say the pinheaded behemoths and their robot friend , after strolling around the city park , left behind some rocks . 
For any given move in the overall market , it suggests how steeply that particular issue might rise or fall . 
And they prepare all their people to increase the speed and improve the quality of their own work . 
Mr. Sukle says he would n't dream of participating himself : 
Because of those concerns , some manufacturers say they will ask for letters of credit before shipping spring merchandise . 
`` I upgraded the firm to my buy list because I certainly see signs of improvement , '' says Lawrence Eckenfelder , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities . 
What is wrong with expecting the Japanese to conform to American norms when they locate here ? 
And deposits at NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. , have increased $ 2 billion since last year after heavy advertising stressing commitment to Texas . 
Despite his racial advantage , to be a great butler is a heroic calling ; one 's pantry is `` not unlike general 's headquarters during a battle . '' 
Mr. Roderick did so by having USX redeem a series of guaranteed notes , a move that , in effect , raised the cost of a $ 7.19 billion Icahn bid by about $ 3 billion . 
City and County of Honolulu , Hawaii -- $ 75 million of obligation bonds , 1989 Series B , due 1993-2009 , via competitive bid . 
When Claudio is arrested , he is brought on stage nude except for the manacles on his wrists and ankles . 
Starting tomorrow , I 'm stalking you . 
STOCKS AND BONDS SURGED on the second anniversary of Black Monday as a favorable inflation report prompted speculation of lower interest rates . 
Creative accounting is a hallmark of federal credit . 
The University of Toronto stepped deeper into the contest for Connaught BioSciences Inc. by reaching an unusual agreement with Ciba-Geigy Ltd. and Chiron Corp . 
Mr. Whittle said that so far , three of the six schools that carried the program in a five-week test last spring have subscribed to the program . 
Among the most upbeat was BT Brokerage ( Asia ) Ltd . 
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research . 
Yet at the moment they are the judges who are making the law . 
But at least they show up . 
But acting as a drag on prices was the improved harvest weather over the weekend and the prospect for continued fair weather this week over much of the Farm Belt . 
The company has five other U.S. plants , including a modern facility at its Battle Creek headquarters known as Building 100 , which is to add bran-processing and rice-processing capacity next year . 
Another said that if China was a buyer , it would be the earliest that country had made purchases since the 1979-80 crop year , and thus would be a bullish sign . 
President Bush would do himself and the country a favor by rescinding the order as an ambiguous intrusion on his ability to defend America 's national security . 
The financial problems are particularly frustrating for salespeople pushing Wang 's image systems , which convert paper forms to electronic documents . 
Trifari now trains sales help to advise customers on the best earring styles . 
Infrared motion detectors and closed-circuit TV cameras monitor the entire center ; lighting levels are three to five times the industry standard . 
They are : `` A Payroll to Meet : A Story of Greed , Corruption and Football at SMU '' ( Macmillan , 221 pages , $ 18.95 ) by David Whitford ; `` Big Red Confidential : Inside Nebraska Football '' ( Contemporary , 231 pages , $ 17.95 ) by Armen Keteyian ; and `` Never Too Young to Die : The Death of Len Bias '' ( Pantheon , 252 pages , $ 18.95 ) by Lewis Cole . 
About 5,500 hourly workers will be laid off for a week beginning Oct. 23 , and overtime has been eliminated at the plant for the fourth quarter , a Chrysler spokesman said . 
We do n't believe it . 
Although he expressed confidence that the proposed new company 's cash flow would be sufficient to cover interest payments on the debt , he estimated that the company would n't be profitable until 1994 or later . 
Dealers said they also took profits to reduce holdings in their own account at the end of the October transaction period . 
Mitsui & Co. said it started a joint venture with Dae Woong Chemical Co. , a major pharmaceutical manufacturer in South Korea , to manufacture antibiotic medicines . 
The new argument over the notification guideline , however , could sour any atmosphere of cooperation that existed . 
`` In the aftermath of Vietnam , in the aftermath of Iran-Contra , I can understand some people might think that if they plan a coup , they have to bring their lawyers , '' he says . 
Showtime has also accused HBO of locking up the lion 's share of Hollywood 's movies by signing exclusive contracts with all the major studios . 
Members of the audience gasped or laughed nervously ; their industry has been unsettled recently by acquisitions . 
Mr. Nahas , who single-handedly provoked a one-day closure of Brazil 's stock markets in June when he failed to honor a debt of $ 31.1 million owed to his brokers , yesterday blamed his predicament on the president of the Sao Paulo stock exchange ; a few days before Mr. Nahas 's failure , the exchange raised the required margin on stock-margin transactions . 
Yet Sierra 's hard-line stance has created something of a rift in the organization , which estimates that 17 % of its 500,000 members own mountain bikes . 
Putnam Investment Grade Municipal Trust , Boston , was listed with the symbol PGM . 
And oh , yes . 
Last Sunday , Ms. Johnson finally got a chance to water her plants , but stopped abruptly . 
We know they are dangerous , but if handled with care , their benefits far outweigh any risk to the environment . 
But it was n't until after it hired Arthur D. Little , a Cambridge , Mass. , research concern , that its new product was refined for commercial sale in 1973 . 
Though his operation was registered and used only scrap , he was accused of conducting illegal business and possessing illegal materials . 
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . '' 
Experts from Goldman Sachs estimated Eastern would miss the same mark by $ 120 million to $ 135 million , the source said . 
Arbitragers were n't the only big losers in the collapse of UAL Corp. stock . 
( Mr. Paul says it was n't that high . ) 
The less-self-confident Czechoslovaks and Bulgarians , in contrast , declared their intentions to reform , while doing nothing concrete about it . 
For the previous financial year , the bank would have reported a pretax profit of M$ 168 million if it had n't made provisions for the nonperforming loans , he said . 
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices . 
In the municipal market , all eyes were on California debt as investors tried to gauge the financial ramifications of Tuesday 's earthquake . 
Every major maker offers computers with color displays . 
Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons initially reported indirect evidence of neutrons being produced in their experiment but later conceded the measurements were questionable . 
Moreover , he says , Irish companies are small but spunky . 
Michael Carstens , an analyst with Tucker Anthony & R.L. Day , added that the sale of assets would allow Sea Containers to focus on its core container businesses . 
Time to relax and enjoy ourselves is always taken up by something to do with football ( meetings , lifting weights , conditioning or films ) . 
NATO has n't budged from its insistence that any gun-carrying plane has offensive capability . 
In addition , special bidding rules give the bank 's former owner , Leonardo Ty , the right to match the highest bid . 
At one point , he asked a worker whether he thought East Germans were fleeing the country because of restrictive travel policies . 
Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Mr. Trump never said how much AMR stock he had bought , only that his holdings were `` substantial . '' 
The modest sell-off , which started on Tuesday , continued . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 1.37 billion from $ 1.22 billion . 
A major difference is that a snapped wooden pencil will have a slivered break while a plastic model will break cleanly . 
True , Prince Sihanouk backs the idea of such a coalition , at least for this week . 
Pricing terms were n't available . 
Scott Paper Co. , shelf offering of up to $ 360 million of debt securities , via Goldman Sachs , Salomon Brothers Inc. and Smith Barney , Harris Upham . 
There also are `` 800 '' hotlines which refer people to lawyers , usually personal-injury specialists , for in-office consultation . 
However , creditors and bidders alike concede that the state plays a major role because it could significantly delay final settlement of a plan it did n't like . 
Rep. Oakar , a Democrat from Cleveland , wants a $ 6.9 million grant so Cleveland can build an 18-story Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . 
`` Things have grown worse since June 4 , '' Mr. Lai says . 
Mr. Lewis said the company gave the Consumer Affairs department `` volumes of documents '' to substantiate its statements , and made `` every effort to comply '' with all the agency 's policies . 
Serial bonds , which all carry 7 % coupons , are priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7 % in 2000 . 
Under what weights will the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation totter ? 
`` We just took another floor for our London offices , '' said Joseph Flom of the New York firm of Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom . 
He says the department now has 75 openings and wants to hire 625 civil engineers over the next 15 months . 
Belatedly aware of public concern , lawmakers and financial middlemen are working overtime to create and sell college savings and investment schemes . 
Onlookers say three persons died when one of the buildings exploded into a fireball shortly after the quake struck . 
But the kids with highly educated parents did 68 % less housework than those in less-educated families . 
Some analysts remain bullish and point out that the dollar continues to be well bid despite key rate increases in Europe and Japan , several weeks of aggressive dollar sales by the world central banks -- some traders estimate that the barrage of sales topped $ 12 billion -- and a 190-point plunge on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Paribas plans a bid for another big French financial and industrial firm , Navigation Mixte , a sign Europe 's takeover fever has n't cooled . 
He fusses endlessly over economic statistics , dissecting them in dozens of ways , probing for hours in search of potential problems . 
Charles McCoy in San Francisco and John R. Emshwiller in Los Angeles contributed to this article . 
So DARPA is trying to keep the industry interested in developing large display panels by doling out research funds . 
Last fall , Ford announced it would discontinue the XR4Ti in the U.S. at the end of the 1989 model year . 
Craig Torres and Anne Newman contributed to this article . 
Shearson , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Morgan Stanley & Co. and Salomon Inc. are discussing formation of a group to sell securities-price data . 
Japanese culture vs. American culture is irrelevant . 
Its board approved the repurchase of as many as three million common shares , or about 17 % of its shares outstanding . 
Sales rose 12 % to $ 249.5 million from $ 222.8 million . 
He said some infected cells may not have the relevant antigen and so would n't be killed even after exposure to the antibody . 
Dun & Bradstreet noted that price competition in its Nielsen Marketing Research , Nielsen Clearing House and Donnelley Marketing businesses also restrained revenue growth . 
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs . 
Ohio , the District of Columbia , Tennessee and Illinois have been less resistant to Drexel than the other six states , but nonetheless have refused to settle so far , say those familiar with the discussions . 
Added Mr. Jacobson , `` There were some pretty bad losses in the stock . '' 
Toshiba Corp. busted open that sector this summer with a notebook-sized machine that retails for less than 200,000 yen ( under $ 1,500 ) -- one of the smallest , cheapest PCs available in the country . 
When the plant was destroyed , `` I think everyone got concerned that the same thing would happen at our plant , '' a KerrMcGee spokeswoman said . 
Other airlines would have access to the system , they said , and negotiations with partners were already under way . 
Nearly a third said they have made some portfolio changes to anticipate a possible recession . 
The top stock-index arbitrage firm last month was Morgan Stanley & Co . 
The average six-month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said . 
`` We 're all a little greedy . 
Strategy , however , is about possibilities , not hopes and dreams . 
Mr. Roh said a U.S. demand for the removal of South Korean import quotas on beef will be resolved `` satisfactorily '' but gave no hint when that will happen . 
Further , McCaw said the banks expressed confidence that the balance of the $ 4.5 billion bank facility will be committed within the next several weeks by a syndicate of foreign and domestic banks . 
It said yesterday that net income for its third quarter soared 72 % to $ 11.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 6.8 million , or 19 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
Mr. Dell said he does n't expect a loss in either the third or fourth quarter , but said third-quarter earnings could be as low as four cents a share . 
For distilled spirits , operating profit rose 36 % , to $ 24.8 million . 
Revenue rose 23 % to $ 1.67 billion from $ 1.36 billion . 
In finding `` good news '' in Berkeley 's new freshman admissions plan ( `` The Privileged Class , '' editorial , Sept. 20 ) , you 're reading the headline but not the story . 
The company said results for its second quarter ended Oct. 28 could drop as much as 20 % below the 30 cents a share reported in the year-earlier quarter . 
Similarly , visual images will be more vivid , sensational and , sometimes , gruesome . 
Any discussions with Ford could postpone the Jaguar-GM deal , headed for completion within the next two weeks . 
They are enjoying domestic sales that are more than making up for lost overseas sales . 
Ironically , the anonymous official 's comments have earned some plaudits for Mr. Greenspan , who is mistakenly seen as the source . 
`` There are about a dozen more deals coming , '' said Michael McNamara , director of fixed-income research at Kemper Financial Services Inc . 
Lone Star 's Bond Corp. parent , for instance , hails from Perth , Australia . 
On the Chicago Board of Trade , soybeans for November delivery closed at $ 5.63 a bushel , down half a cent , while the December wheat contract rose three-quarters of a cent to $ 4.0775 a bushel . 
On the surface , the overall unemployment rate is expected to be little changed from September 's 5.3 % . 
The bugs will cause problems in `` specific and rare circumstances that will not occur in typical applications '' such as word-processing and spreadsheets , said Michael Slater , editor of the Microprocessor Report , an industry newsletter . 
`` As far as we 're concerned , we 're waiting for the dust to settle , '' he said . 
If the stock market and the economy catch their breath and show that they 're on firmer footing , these stocks might well fall back . 
`` Seems to '' because it 's possible that the CIA and the National Security Agency were more interested than they let on to Mr. Stoll . 
Jeffrey Nichols , president of APMS Canada , Toronto precious metals advisers , said there is little to motivate gold traders to buy the metal . 
Commissions , however , account for a smaller share of investment-house business as takeover advisory fees have soared . 
But they do show the range of a restless intellect whose 30-odd novels span five decades and include work of social realism , protest and allegory . 
We did experience some difficulties with the initial LBO terms and , as your article made clear , successfully restructured our debt earlier this year , something those other retailers have yet to accomplish . 
Collectively , the statements raised questions about whether a new bid for UAL will ever get off the ground . 
Drug companies lost a major liability case . 
He gets better reviews as a creative whiz , an enthusiast , an idea man . 
Occidental Petroleum Corp. holds regular evacuation drills and stocks food , oxygen and non-prescription drugs at checkpoints in its 16-story headquarters . 
Mr. Ondaatje could n't be reached for comment , but Roy Mac-Laren , chairman of CB Media , a closely held concern that publishes two business magazines , said his company would take a close look at the newspaper . 
A Pentagon official said the request was made to give the department `` maximum flexibility '' to deal with the cuts . 
Mr. Rosen said the quake will revive consumer interest in a little-publicized 1972 state law that requires brokers to disclose to potential buyers how close a property sits to a fault line . 
Kenneth Olshan , Wells Rich 's chairman , did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
However , Bear Stearns has never had an unprofitable year since its founding 65 years ago . 
Curtin Windsor , then the ambassador to Costa Rica , recalls being invited to Panama by Mr. Noriega 's brother Luis Carlos for a weekend of deep sea fishing and `` quiet , serious conversation '' on the Aswara Peninsula . 
Also , the company issued 300 million marks of convertible bonds with an indicated 2 3\/4 % coupon due March 31 , 1995 , at par , via Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale Bank . 
Catalog companies are likely to pose a bigger threat to all stores this year , particularly in December . 
Taiwan 's USI Far East Corp. , a petrochemical company , initialed the agreement with an unidentified Japanese contractor to build a naphtha cracker , according to Alson Lee , who heads the Philippine company set up to build and operate the complex . 
`` What you have here is intuition made manifest . '' 
The Ministry of Health and Welfare is a ministry of doctors and pharmaceutical companies rather than an organization dedicated to protecting the health of the people . 
Adults with AIDS have had access to AZT since FDA approved the drug 's usage for adults in March 1987 . 
Now Pinkerton 's could become entangled in a protracted legal fracas with its former parent . 
For the latest nine months , Spiegel 's net climbed a solid 47 % to $ 23.8 million , or 46 cents a share , from $ 16.2 million , or 34 cents . 
But market activity was energized as investors started to view the lower price levels as attractive . 
Exhibit A is last week 's House vote to fund 40 pet projects out of the same discretionary fund that is at the heart of the HUD scandal . 
WHEN Catherine Bobar spent several weeks at the Medical Center of Vermont recently with a bone infection in her toe , she shared a room just like most patients . 
`` We are very lucky to easily change an export loss to domestic plus , '' says Hong Tu Pyo , managing director of domestic marketing for Hyundai Motor Co . 
At the others , there are going to be a lot of disappointments , after all those promises and all that big money that 's been paid to people . '' 
Proceeds of the sale will be used to redeem C$ 675 million of government bonds maturing Nov. 1 and for general government purposes . 
There are drawbacks . 
The new technology , which creates a very thin piece of steel , radically reduces the costs of making flat-rolled sheets . 
An investigation by U.S. Postal inspectors is continuing . 
The measure provides no money for the promised payments until then , but beginning in fiscal 1991 , the government would be committed to meeting annual payments of as much as $ 500 million until the total liability of approximately $ 1.25 billion is paid . 
Buried in the work is a meditation on the morality of art , and on the struggle for integrity in an unfair world . 
CNW Corp. said the final step in the acquisition of the company has been completed with the merger of CNW with a subsidiary of Chicago & North Western Holdings Corp . 
And what about insurance firms ? 
So , while KKR today has an estimated $ 250 million sunk in now-shaky SCI TV , including equity and debt , the LBO firm still is $ 1 billion ahead on the SCI TV buy-out after taking cash up front . 
Among their clinkers were `` The Legend of Billie Jean , '' `` VisionQuest , '' `` Clue '' and `` Clan of the Cave Bear . '' 
Meanwhile , as the Sunday evening show struggles to stay afloat against the tough competition of `` Murder , She Wrote , '' the grapevine idea is threatening to turn into a weed : The tactic apparently has inspired sample viewings , but accolades are slow in coming . 
A consequence of their departure could be a serious diminution of market liquidity . 
IBM will face an uphill climb against Digital , given Digital 's reputation for being better than IBM at hooking together different manufacturers ' computers . 
Mr. Roman will be succeeded as the head of Ogilvy 's flagship ad agency , Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , by Graham Phillips , 50 , who had been president of North American operations and who , like Mr. Sorrell , is British . 
If anything , the gyrations in world stock markets -- and in B.A.T 's share price -- since last Friday 's sharp Wall Street sell-off have increased the likelihood of shareholder approval for the restructuring , analysts and several big institutional holders said . 
MC SHIPPING Inc. , New York , declared an initial quarterly of 60 cents a share payable Nov. 15 to shares of record Oct. 30 . 
The vote yesterday was the most partisan in many years , and though the Democratic leadership is ambivalent about how to address the abortion issue , the debate is increasingly measured in party terms . 
Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , former Philippines President Ferdinand Marcos , were charged with embezzling more than $ 100 million from that country and then fraudulently concealing much of the money through purchases of prime real estate in Manhattan . 
Some economists expect further declines in investment spending . 
Batch processing is the high-volume , single-job data processing that most mainframes typically chug through at night , such as updating accounts at banks . 
Former Patterson , N.J. , principal Joe Clark was no doubt the general public 's first experience with this new breed of no-nonsense administrator . 
In recent years , for example , Grand Metropolitan PLC of Britain acquired Heublein Inc. , while another British company , Guinness PLC , took over United Distillers Group and Schenley Industries Inc . 
Air-traffic problems , though often quite grim , This time of year leave us in stitches , When we notice around our airport A holding pattern for witches . 
Manville Corp. said it offered to buy $ 500 million of its convertible preferred stock from the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust in a move that would improve the trust 's liquidity and reduce the potential number of Manville shares outstanding . 
Others analyze the data . 
These claims would be repayable over a 10-year period . 
`` The risks for sterling of a bad trade figure are very heavily on the down side , '' said Chris Dillow , senior U.K. economist at Nomura Research Institute . 
McCaw , the largest provider of cellular telephone service in the U.S. , already owns about 9.4 % of LIN 's stock . 
`` Even if it 's only 1 % , '' says GM 's Mr. Barabba , `` would you throw away sales the size of Polaroid ? '' 
Indeed , the OTS said that before the law took effect Aug. 9 , it banned another `` key Vision Banc insider '' from insured financial institutions . 
Last year , Morgan Grenfell shut down its ailing U.K. securities operations . 
The suit , assigned to federal Judge Kimba Wood , seeks a permanent injunction , back pay for judges who have been forced to retire , reinstatement of retired judges and `` other affirmative relief necessary to eradicate the effects of ( New York 's ) unlawful employment practices . '' 
DPC Acquisition Partners , a hostile suitor for Dataproducts Corp. , filed a petition in federal district court in Los Angeles seeking to have its standstill agreement with the computer printer maker declared void , and it proceeded with a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the company . 
But David Hawkins , an environmental lawyer with the Natural Resources Defense Council , said the research appears merely to be a way to promote reformulated gasoline . 
These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments and $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow , zero-coupon subordinated debt and assets sales . 
Cineplex , a Toronto theater chain , had a second-quarter net loss of $ 38.7 million . 
But though couriers work as many as 60 hours a week during the autumn rush , they leave early during slack times while still being assured of a minimum paycheck . 
The exact strain of hepatitis that the cafeteria worker contracted has n't been determined but should be known by the end of the week , Dr. McBride said . 
Nearly one-fourth of participants age 60 and older claim brand loyalty for more than 10 of the 25 products in the survey ; only 9 % of those age 18 to 29 have such strong allegiance . 
Mr. Stoltzman introduced his colleagues : Bill Douglas , pianist\/bassoonist\/composer and an old buddy from Yale , and jazz bassist Eddie Gomez . 
In the latest nine months , Mr. Hutchinson said , total coal sales rose to about 14.6 million tons from about 14.3 million tons a year earlier . 
Scientists say the discovery of these genes in recent months is painting a new and startling picture of how cancer develops . 
Tartan currently produces gold at a cash operating cost of $ 393 an ounce , which is high by industry standards and $ 25 or so above the current spot price . 
So despite Wall Street 's rosy talk of quickly `` maximizing values , '' holders could be in for a long wait . 
During the summer , Legal Services Corp. , a Florida legal aid group , filed a petition with the Fed on behalf of residents in four Florida counties . 
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision . 
`` Are you stupid ? '' he snaps . 
NBC broadcast throughout the entire night and did not go off the air until noon yesterday . 
It should be considered against the law , '' said Danny Leish , a spokesman for the association . 
`` Those are primarily white-collar workers , a customer segment that has historically proved elusive for convenience stores . '' 
Or would he interpret it as instruction to give more weight to these other objectives that the secretary represents -- low interest rates , short-run economic expansion , and stabilization of exchange rates at internationally managed levels ? 
Labatt 's has no takeover bids outstanding currently , he said . 
Caspi Development Corp of Armonk , N.Y. , has developed two apartment buildings called Classic and plans a third . 
The second ship is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 and the third in fall 1991 . 
`` But in the end , top management decided to follow the voice of the younger generation . '' 
Vickers said its offer also includes an option to receive a redeemable loan note in lieu of cash . 
The idea was to `` insure '' the value of a portfolio by selling futures when stock prices dropped -- eliminating the need to sell the stocks themselves . 
Mr. Digate says that Beyond will refine the product `` so the message will be smart enough to know to come back and bother you again next week . '' 
If that takes money , take it away from this discredited federal department . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , the units closed at $ 15.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
Each new employee is expected to submit four daily in the first few months on the job . 
More stable industries were to build an economically viable infrastructure for the Moon movement in North America , as they had in Japan and South Korea . 
Some equity funds did better than others in the week that began on Friday the 13th . 
Accomplishing both will be a balancing act as challenging as riding a unicycle . 
Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze , at a news conference in Moscow , said , `` As the two sides plan to hold a full-scale summit in late spring-early summer next year , they found it useful , I would say even necessary , to hold an interim informal meeting . '' 
The American people and their government also woke up too late to the menace drugs posed to the moral structure of their country . 
The only asset-backed deal larger than Ford 's was a $ 4 billion offering by General Motors Acceptance Corp. in 1986 . 
Among the results is a frequent breakdown of public services . 
Kenneth M. Evans , president of Thompson & Formby brand , was named group vice president of the do-it-yourself operating group . 
The bank 's total allowance for credit losses was $ 502.1 million , or 1.82 % of total loans . 
Much of the cost of cleaning up after the earthquake will involve repairing highways and bridges . 
Luxurious homes and ranches have been raided by the military authorities , and sophisticated and powerful communications equipment have been seized . 
By late last year he was invited back as `` the tire king '' to display his products at a national exhibition . 
Hawker Siddeley said its core electrical products division enjoyed strong growth , with a 20 % rise in operating profit during the period . 
Hertz Corp. -- $ 100 million of senior notes due Nov. 1 , 2009 , priced at par to yield 9 % . 
The Soviet State Bank announced a 90 % devaluation of the ruble against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb the nation 's rapidly growing black market for hard currency . 
There have been reports for months that the city 's economy is weakening , as the October 1987 stock market crash continues to make itself felt . 
Its government still wants to sit in the driver 's seat , set the speed , step on the gas , apply the brakes and steer , with 120 million people in the back seat . 
Contact lenses , tank tops , prostitutes openly working the streets of Hollywood and the Tequila Sunrise cocktail all seem out of place in the 1950s . 
`` There is risk that is not associated with market moves , and the beta does n't tell you the magnitude of that . '' 
Although some HDTV advocates are calling for other forms of aid , such as antitrust relief for research consortia , the small firms simply would prefer more DARPA funds . 
But Mr. Giuliani , a celebrated prosecutor , has had difficulty switching from his crime-busting , finger-pointing mode to a political stance that suggests he might know something about running this big , troubled city . 
It 's not clear whether Aska plans to buy more shares . 
It is silly libel on our teachers to think they would educate our children better if only they got a few thousand dollars a year more . 
In Chicago , for example , size is the issue . 
Intelligence Committee Chairman David Boren ( D. , Okla . ) and Vice Chairman William Cohen ( R. , Maine ) , for their part , angrily accused the White House of selectively leaking classified documents and trying unfairly to shift the blame to Congress for the bungled attempt to topple Gen. Noriega . 
GTE added 1 1\/4 to 65 3\/8 . 
Sony , for its part , could decide that the cost of a Warner settlement or court fight is too high , choosing instead to find someone else to run Columbia , although that too would be costly given the financial arrangement already guaranteed to Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
The inverse trading relationship between bonds and stocks was interrupted yesterday as bonds fell despite a modest decline in stock prices . 
Other forms of red tape are more pervasive . 
UNC Inc. , an Annapolis , Md. , contractor that earned $ 23.8 million on revenue of $ 400.4 million in 1988 , has gone even further in realigning its military business . 
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario . 
The bank acquiesced . 
Zacks Investment Research did n't adjust one analyst 's estimate for a stock split , which therefore was artificially high . 
`` I do n't think we do now , '' he says . 
It has sold billions of dollars of other assets and has more on the block . 
But the two-day trip still has managed to fuel controversy over his administration 's policies in Central America . 
`` Maybe people do n't believe I want to give this money away . '' 
Amoco is the first major oil company to report third-quarter results . 
Shiny Nikes , cracked cement , media glory -- the foot race of the year . 
In the U.S. , one-fifth of the office PCs are hooked up to some sort of network . 
`` I told my driver , '' he said , `` that he was taking my butt to the Central Committee so they can ... '' whack , whack , whack his hand made vigorous spanking gestures on his left palm . `` 
`` Back in 1987-88 , business was operating at fairly tight capacity , so businesses felt they could raise prices . '' 
With Mr. Vila as host , `` This Old House '' became one of the Public Broadcasting Service 's top 10 programs , airing weekly on about 300 of the network 's stations and seen by an average of 12 million viewers . 
`` You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , '' says Mr. Litvack . 
About 1,000 strikers signed petitions last week calling for Boeing and Machinists representatives to schedule new meetings . 
He is n't sure a recession is coming , but says the other likely alternative -- reignited inflation -- is just as bad . 
Sales were flat at $ 7.88 billion . 
Block 's tax-preparation business is mature , they say , and some of its diversifications are facing tough competition . 
Part of the drop will come from an anticipated charge of as much as $ 500 million from the proposed sale of its Rouge Steel unit . 
Comair said it paid cash but declined to disclose the price . 
But yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only Messrs. Jacobson and Bates but four other Jacobson partners , all doing their specialist-firm job of tugging buyers and sellers together and adjusting prices to accommodate the market . 
The company 's domestic business , especially its household products division , has performed poorly for years . 
The CBOE opened for business on April 26 , 1973 , in what had been a Board of Trade lunchroom . 
Blockbuster Entertainment Corp. -- $ 250 million ( face amount ) Liquid Yield Option Notes , via Merrill Lynch . 
But there were hitches , not the least of which was that , Mr. Wathen says , he proceeded almost blindly in doing the $ 95 million acquisition , which was completed in January 1988 . 
Members find it easy to doctor legislation by slipping in special provisions that could never survive in the cold light of day . 
Even the Soviet Union has Peter the Great to rediscover , should it choose to . 
`` While the stock market was falling , most { junk bond holders } were just watching it not knowing what to do , '' said Paul Suckow , director of fixed-income securities at Oppenheimer Management Corp . 
Price Co. jumped 2 1\/4 to 44 on 1.7 million shares . 
It said it would purchase the stock at market price . 
Merck & Co. reported a 25 % increase in earnings ; Warner-Lambert Co. 's profit rose 22 % and Eli Lilly & Co. 's net income rose 24 % . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
Thirty-four thousand of its children live in foster homes , while 50,000 residents have no homes at all . 
That could make it tricky for investors who need to sell their holdings quickly before the securities mature . 
I hope that you begin talking about the plan 's permanent and , in my view , most beneficial feature -- indexation . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
The seasonal adjusted annual selling rate was six million vehicles , a small improvement from the 5.8 million rate of early October , but a big drop from the 7.1 million rate a year ago . 
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle . 
Both Colgate and Procter & Gamble have received big orders for toothpaste , soap and detergents . 
But they are already objecting to , among other things , a plan to give more weight to cost-benefit considerations in evaluating pesticides . 
Roughly a third of the charities reviewed flunk the test . 
Volume was a tumultuous 4.9 million shares , or 22 % of the 21.8 million UAL shares outstanding . 
That promise sounds shaky now that those same leaders have fallen back on Marxist dogma and brute force to crush their nation 's democracy movement . 
Be the Star 
The poverty threshold , defined as three times food expenses as calculated by the Agricultural Department , last year was $ 12,092 for a family of four . 
For the killer and thief , Said Mahran , fame flows from the barrel of a gun . 
-- Marvin Alisky . 
A loss -- after insurance recoveries -- is deductible only to the extent that it exceeds $ 100 and that the year 's total losses exceed 10 % of adjusted gross income ; victims may pick the year when income is lower and deductions higher . 
`` This is a good move , but it only gets you to where people 's expectations already are , '' in terms of earnings growth , said Joel D. Gross , an analyst with Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
And Eugene Glazer , an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , said : `` If you hired an attorney to be there all the time and give you a ( prediction ) of the eventual award , I would be willing to bet that he would be off '' by a lot . 
The pithiest testimony to their domination of the just-concluded tournament came from Giants ' manager Roger Craig after his team had fallen in Game Three to a five-home-run barrage that tied a 61-year-old Series record . 
Legislation to this effect has been introduced in Congress in this session by Rep. Stephen Neal ( D. , N.C . ) . 
This is adapted from a speech to the Commonwealth Club in San Francisco . 
Mr. Karalis , 51 , will specialize in corporate law and international law at the 110-lawyer firm . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
Rockwell International Corp. 's Tulsa unit said it signed a tentative agreement extending its contract with Boeing Co. to provide structural parts for Boeing 's 747 jetliners . 
Factory owners are buying new machinery at a healthy rate this fall , machine-tool makers say . 
While international politics may argue for the capital increase , there is a clear economic case against it . 
( See related story : `` The American Way of Buying : Is Buying a Car a Choice or a Chore ? -- 
GM 's common closed at $ 44.375 a share , down 50 cents , Ford fell 37.5 cents to end at $ 47.50 , and Chrysler eased 37.5 cents to $ 22.25 , all in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Our own test of `` glasnost 's '' authenticity would be a Soviet decision to open itself to a complete international examination of one of the most troubling mysteries in U.S.-Soviet relations -- the reported 1979 anthrax outbreak at a Soviet military facility in Sverdlovsk . 
Mr. Roman also brushed aside reports about infighting between him and Mr. Phillips , his successor at Ogilvy . 
AB Bofors , a unit of Nobel Industries Sweden AB , enters into a $ 1.4 billion contract with India 's Defense Ministry to supply 400 Bofors FH-77B 155-mm field howitzer guns . 
Amcast Industrial Corp. said it plans to repurchase 500,000 shares , or about 7 % of its shares outstanding , in open market transactions . 
Or land in Russia so often . 
Drexel Burnham 's Mr. Reidy pointed out that `` profits held up in a tough revenue environment . 
In a statement , Jacques-Francois Martin , director general of Merieux , said the French company is still determined to acquire Connaught . 
The newspaper and television owner said it expects the tax adjustment to reduce its net income for the full year by 14 cents , or approximately $ 2.8 million based on its 20.2 million shares outstanding . 
C.R. Bard Inc. yesterday said third-quarter net plunged 51 % to $ 9.9 million , or 18 cents a share , from $ 20 million , or 35 cents a share , a year earlier . 
`` The culture is not ready to take off its clothes , lie down and be touched for an hour for $ 45 , '' he says . 
In one ad , a photo of the interior of the Sainte-Chapelle in Paris is paired with the headline , `` The only book more respected than ours does n't accept advertising . '' 
Hewlett-Packard is a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer maker . 
No one was named to succeed Mr. Hartwell . 
No figure juggling ; no witchcraft ; just vastly improved recording of some of our exports . 
The convoy of about 100 vehicles was the first to make deliveries to the capital in about 10 days . 
He is under intense fire from other Palestinian groups ; Syria is pushing Ahmad Jibril , whose terrorist band is blamed for the Pan Am 103 bombing , as an alternative to Arafat . 
A Newport Beach law firm started the pay-as-you-go legal service , called Telelawyer , using MCI Communication Corp. 's toll-tele-phone service . 
It is difficult , however , to justify civil disobedience , non-violent or not , where citizens have full recourse to the ballot box to effect change . 
But it did n't sing . 
A week later , the man told Mr. MacInnis he had suffered a mild heart attack unrelated to the massage . 
For the first six months , wholesale sales rose 12.3 % from the year before , reflecting to a 11.5 % jump in domestic sales and a 14.6 % boost in foreign sales . 
Indexes can be constructed to serve social goals , such as eliminating the stocks of companies doing business in South Africa . 
`` He said he wanted to show the color of his money , '' recalls Mr. Diebel . 
With the advantage of playing white ( which moves first ) , Mr. Kasparov followed up cleverly against the computer 's defense , a Queen 's Gambit Accepted . 
What more could a con man in search of the easy life ask for ? 
The original bill was strongly opposed by the Fed and publicly criticized by friends of the Fed as an attempt to undermine the central bank 's independence . 
In return for an ownership stake in the company , the pilots were willing to agree to a seven-year contract that included a no-strike clause and significant wage concessions and productivity gains the union previously resisted . 
John Labatt Ltd. said it plans a private placement of 150 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 127.5 million ) in preferred shares , to be completed around Nov. 1 . 
And when responsible scholars gain legitimate access to unpublished materials , copyright should not be permitted to deny them use of quotations that help to establish historical points . 
Analyst estimate the value of the BellSouth proposal at about $ 115 to $ 125 a share . 
Ideologues are the last to surrender , and Germans are an ideological people . 
They 're very friendly . '' 
`` On the close '' can be added to many types of orders . 
Pilot union advisers appeared confident that a new bid could go forward even without British Air 's participation . 
APARTHEID FOES STAGED a massive anti-government rally in South Africa . 
The giant computer maker is slated to offer $ 500 million of 30-year non-callable debentures through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
In a foreign-policy address before the Soviet legislature , the foreign minister conceded that the radar station in Krasnoyarsk breached the superpower Anti-Ballistic Missile treaty and said it would be dismantled . 
Intel 's short interest jumped 42 % , while Campeau 's increased 62 % . 
James G. Zafris , president of Danvers Savings Bank , Danvers , Mass. , says the market turmoil `` is an absolute non-event for small business . '' 
The second marital privilege cited by Mrs. Marcos protects confidential communications between spouses . 
Private placements involve debt and equity securities , typically in denominations of $ 1 million , that are sold to institutional investors and are n't registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
At the GOP convention last year , he again came out for an amendment with exceptions for rape , incest and life endangerment . 
But the UAL collapse , he says , `` may tell you it 's not going to work that easily . '' 
European dealers continued to dominate the action in old masters , which Sotheby 's North America had lately been touting in this country . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Connaught closed at $ 28.625 , up $ 1.25 . 
The seventh child of a store owner in Aichi prefecture , Mr. Morishita started out in the textile business . 
The base price of the car is estimated at 30 million yen ( about $ 213,000 ) . 
Bell , based in Los Angeles , makes and distributes electronic , computer and building products . 
E.W. Scripps Co. said it has acquired a Georgia cable television company and a Massachusetts publishing firm . 
According to officials in Washington , the State Department hoped that by pleasing President Arias , it would gain his support to postpone any decision on the Contras until after Mr. Ortega 's promises of democratic elections were tested next February . 
`` The week ending the 24th is going to save the entire month for everyone . 
Not everybody agrees that it 's time to trim . 
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million . 
Other companies , including International Business Machines Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co. , completely idled their operations because of Tuesday evening 's temblor , which registered 6.9 on the Richter scale . 
They reportedly will invest a total of 20 billion yen ( $ 140 million ) in the venture , whose headquarters would be in France or West Germany . 
Speaking to a joint meeting of Congress earlier , he said South Korea ca n't move quickly on such agricultural trade issues `` without causing political and social trauma . 
Since all four Republicans on the committee are co-sponsors of my bill , it is the Democrats who will be held fully accountable if an earnings test amendment is not allowed from the floor . 
Large U.S. companies are interested in other segments of the HDTV business , such as signal-processing and broadcast equipment . 
The restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will involve the transfer and layoff of employees in U.S. operations to reduce costs and focus efforts in other areas . 
It astounds me he can rationalize his self-righteous and greedy actions in Utah . 
Where had all the money come from ? 
The second time he identified two robbers , who were arrested and charged . 
But the ad also mentions Sears 's sales -- a topic that the retailer has avoided since switching to everyday pricing . 
Even if B.A.T receives approval for the restructuring , the company will remain in play , say shareholders and analysts , though the situation may unfold over the next 12 months , rather than six . 
New construction contracting climbed 8 % in September to an annualized $ 274.2 billion , with commercial , industrial and public-works contracts providing most of the increase , according to F.W. Dodge Group . 
It is inhumane to imply that a poor , unemployed woman can not receive immediate relief for her family at fair prices because she does not have as much to protect as a rich family . 
Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. 's net income rose 29 % on a modest 9 % increase in revenue in the third quarter , mainly on strong advertising demand at its ABC television network operation . 
On the week , UAL was down nearly 40 % . 
Emerson Electric Co. and Robert Bosch G.m.b.H. said the Federal Trade Commission has requested additional information from the two companies about their announced intention to acquire Vermont American Corp. for $ 40 a share , or about $ 440 million . 
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him . 
One is whether there is enough money to fund the new issues without depressing stock trading . 
It can send a fighter squadron to strafe terrorist hideouts in the Bekaa Valley , but ca n't shoot Abu Nidal . 
Nevertheless , Merrill Lynch has agreed that if the thrift that issued Dr. Blumenfeld 's CD , Peoples Heritage Federal Savings & Loan Association in Salina , Kan. , is liquidated and the CD terminated , the brokerage firm would cover the premium Dr. Blumenfeld paid . 
Convertible capital appreciation bonds with a final stated maturity of Nov. 15 , 2019 , convert Nov. 15 , 2004 . 
They feel the need from time to time to ` educate ' me . '' 
But with growth come growing pains , and never has this been clearer on the Indian capital market than now . 
Robert P. Bulseco , 44 years old , was named president and chief administrative officer of this regional commercial bank . 
Fortunately , there are signs that increasing numbers of scientists understand the necessity of speaking out . 
And some of its top client-service executives , including Mr. Phillips , were promoted to the point they were saddled with administrative duties , with little time to see clients . 
The company 's sales flattened during 1989 's first half . 
Mr. Seidman , who has been the nation 's top bank regulator , inherited the problems of Lincoln , based in Irvine , Calif. , after his regulatory role was expanded by the new savings-and-loan bailout law . 
The company , which last month paid # 50.7 million for regional British brewer Boddington Group PLC , has about 13 % of the British beer market . 
But Mr. Brady endorsed the market-revision bill that both houses of Congress will try to push through this session . 
Should we focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the vocal right-wingers and the school boards , mayors and legislators prohibit schools from teaching the two ways ( abstinence or contraceptives ) of decreasing teen pregnancy ? 
It is the largest private-sector landowner of the Minato-Mirai 21 project , a multibillion-yen development in the port city of Yokohama , about an hour outside Tokyo . 
One broadcasting executive familiar with the project said the co-venture would target stations affiliated with Fox because Fox has the desirable independent stations in most of the key cities . 
ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS : 
He did n't bite . 
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other . 
The year-ago quarter 's results were crimped by expenses associated with Spiegel 's $ 260 million acquisition of catalog-clothing-merchandiser Eddie Bauer , Spiegel noted . 
Du Pont Co. , Hewlett-Packard Co. and Los Alamos National Laboratory said they signed a three-year , $ 11 million agreement to collaborate on superconductor research . 
Rival gangs have turned cities into combat zones . 
Some lawyers and scholars see the social scientists ' vision of the American jury system as a far cry from the ideal presented in civics texts and memorialized on the movie screen . 
The projects already under construction will increase Las Vegas 's supply of hotel rooms by 11,795 , or nearly 20 % , to 75,500 . 
Politburo member Joachim Herrman confessed to a `` grave concern '' over Hungarian democracy . 
Those rumors were confirmed after the end of trading yesterday when the U.S. Agriculture Department announced that the Soviets had bought 1.2 million metric tons of U.S. corn , bringing their U.S. corn purchases confirmed so far this month to about five million metric tons . 
The government ran a deficit of $ 6.16 billion in September , compared with a surplus of $ 10.17 billion in September 1988 . 
I do n't know the quality of the works my colleagues have sent in , but in any case I feel confident that good sense and honest judgment ... '' 
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings . 
Warner has a five-year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio . 
Instead , the creditors say , the loan fell victim to nervousness about China 's political turmoil , as well as to concern about the loan 's security . 
Over the last 20 years , for example , Mr. Brouwer says , an investor putting $ 5,000 a year in the S&P 500 would have made nearly twice as much than if it were invested in Treasury bills . 
Now there are 23 . 
Emerging genetic tests will be able to spot such cancer-susceptible individuals , ushering in what some scientists believe is a new age of predictive cancer diagnosis . 
But the proper remedy , Judge Leval said , lay in a suit for damages , not in an injunction . 
Yesterday , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Golden Nugget common closed at $ 28.25 , up $ 2 . 
John Mack promptly quit his job last spring as an aide to Speaker Wright amid public outrage over Mr. Mack 's violent attack on a young woman when he was 19 years old . 
In May , Rep. Don Edwards ( D. Calif . ) introduced congressional legislation that would require an audible beeping during any employee monitoring , warning people that they are being heard . 
After letting aluminum-makers take the recycling lead , a group of the nation 's largest steelmakers started a recycling institute to promote steel cans to an environmentally conscious nation . 
The Tokyo International Film Festival was no match for the Cannes Film Festival in terms of prestige , but it made its mark : It awarded the largest cash prize of any film festival to young and first-time film makers . 
Over the first few weeks , `` Mancuso FBI '' has sprung straight from the headlines , which is either a commendable stab at topicality , or a lack of imagination , or both . 
An acquisition accounted for half the sales rise , TRW said . 
Richard D. Sutton , 64 years old , chairman of this bank-holding company , was named acting president and chief executive officer of the company and its First National Bank of Toms River subsidiary . 
As it now stands , the U.S. can bomb Tripoli , but ca n't `` assassinate '' Colonel Gadhafi . 
The probe involves testing procedures used on certain government contracts by the company 's Metatrace unit . 
As ties between academia and venture capital have blossomed in recent years , governmental fear of abuse has risen . 
And another wave of bad loans would further batter many already-shaky lending institutions . 
Securities analysts were even more cautious , having been burned repeatedly on Unisys this year . 
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions . 
Once the plan is approved , Tan Sri Basir said , most of Bank Bumiputra 's nonperforming loans will have been fully provided for and the bank will be on track to report a pretax profit of between M$ 160 million and M$ 170 million for the fiscal year ending March 31 . 
There are two versions of `` Measure for Measure '' on stage at the Alley Theater here . 
`` Obviously , there are quantitative limitations on the assistance we can provide , '' concedes Baron David de Rothschild , `` but we feel we have some cards to play . '' 
Dr. Knudson found that some children with the eye cancer had inherited a damaged copy of chromosome No. 13 from a parent who had had the disease . 
First they set up overseas merchandising offices to import items and track new fashion trends . 
Unlike stop orders -- which are filled at the market price when the stop price is hit -- stop-limit orders demand that the trades be made only at the specified price . 
The word went forth to every law school that those with federal court ambitions must travel a safe constitutional journey , with no paper trail and no bite to their tongue or pen . 
A spokesman for the company said a meeting would be held for shareholders to vote on the amendment before year 's end . 
Dealers said the market still has n't shaken off its nervousness after its bumpy ride of the past several sessions , caused by interest-rate increases last week and Wall Street 's 6.9 % plunge Friday . 
-- The reward for that reckless lending was high reported earnings ( and management bonuses ) ; the price , a sea of bad loans . 
`` If you want the presidency of the company , this is n't the firm to work for , '' says James Mogan , 45 , who was named senior vice president of sales , assuming some of the responsibilities of Mr. Lesk . 
In August , Asarco , through its Lac d'Amiante du Quebec subsidiary , sold its remaining one-third interest in an asbestos mining limited partnership in Canada for $ 11.7 million . 
In its order , the state regulatory agency said the company `` must be held accountable for the mistakes made in the management of the plant 's operation . '' 
Some senior advisers argue that with further fights over a capital-gains tax cut and a budget-reduction bill looming , Mr. Bush already has enough pending confrontations with Congress . 
Nonetheless , each has too much potential value to the system to be banned by legislative fiat before the CFTC carefully considers all the consequences of a ban and what the regulatory alternatives are . 
Mr. Lagnado said strength in employment appears to have the biggest impact on sales growth . 
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second . 
I await his sequel : the economic and social resiliency of the San Francisco Bay area and the outstanding work of the local governments and the private charitable organizations there as metaphors for the supremacy of whatever failed system Mr. Cockburn now believes in . 
The company is being acquired . 
VIDEO TIP : 
Increasingly , the financial markets are reflecting the gloom . 
But the new statistics show that by September , the burst in spending seemed to be tapering off . 
With great aplomb he considers not only filial devotion and ( utterly repressed ) sexual love , but British anti-Semitism , the gentry 's impatience with democracy and support of Hitler , and the moral problematics of loyalty : `` It is , in practice , simply not possible to adopt such a critical attitude towards an employer and at the same time provide good service ... . 
For the six months ended June 30 , it earned $ 3.1 million , or 61 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 2.4 million , or 41 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
`` By the end of the 1990s , '' he said , `` we want to be producing roughly two vehicles overseas for every vehicle that we export from Japan . '' 
For example , the iced-tea radio campaign for Thomas J. Lipton Co. , an Englewood Cliffs , N.J. , unit of Anglo-Dutch Unilever Group , emphatically proclaims : `` Real Texans do not wear dock-siders -- ever . 
Under Mikhail Gorbachev 's perestroika , the Soviets have sought economic ties all over the world , including new export markets . 
Sophisticated trial consulting grew , ironically , from the radical political movements of the 1960s and 1970s before finding its more lucrative calling in big commercial cases . 
Other analysts say the Indian leader could retain control with a slim majority or be forced to rule as the dominant partner in a coalition with other parties . 
But the dollar was mixed . 
Why the revolt ? 
Rather than printing devils , Shearson puts all the blame on the unpredictable stock market . 
But others remained skeptical . 
He begins his seven-year term Nov. 9 , succeeding Kenan Evren . 
First Interstate took a huge $ 350 million provision for loan losses at the Arizona bank . 
Nevertheless , the stakes are still high for the players directly involved in the GAF case . 
Because of the interest connected with the issue , the London exchange took the unusual step of letting traders establish an officially sanctioned when-issued market . 
The aim , says Mr. de Galle , is to win market share from imported cigarettes , and to persuade smokers who are switching to blonde cigarettes to keep buying French . 
Not including thrifts under government conservatorship , S&Ls reduced their assets by $ 10.1 billion from the previous month , and deposit outflows totaled $ 3.9 billion . 
A shortage of young cattle has made them more expensive for feedlot operators to buy . 
Also , the broker-dealer subsidiary , Integrated Resources Equity Corp. , was renamed Royal Alliance Associates Inc . 
TASTY PROFITS : 
Educators added that Next needs to soon offer a color version of its computer . 
Japanese domestic institutions , including trust banks and investment management firms , that had been on the sidelines during Monday 's fall were back in the market , analysts said . 
At that rate , a majority of OPEC 's 13 members have reached their output limits , they said . 
If the exchange falters in these moves , they say , it might once again fall behind its chief New York competitor , the Commodity Exchange . 
The Kabul regime would fall . 
`` We believe that there are numerous other candidates more qualified for this important position and we encourage you to give them your thorough consideration before making this key RTC appointment , '' the letter said . 
The comptroller 's office said it found no indications of illegal discrimination in 3,437 examinations of banks since April 1987 . 
`` We do n't disclose specifics . '' 
During the last two hours of trading , the composite almost drew even on the day before slipping again . 
The 4.9 million-share volume flowing through the Jacobson specialist operation was about five times normal for the stock . 
The Justice Department rejected the implication that its prosecutors are currently more willing to plea bargain . 
It ended at $ 40.125 , down $ 2.375 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
They still are . 
Congress may have lost any sense of discipline , but that does n't mean the country must learn to live forever with this mess . 
Dow Jones & Co. extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. that it does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 . 
Mr. Paul denies phoning and gloating . 
The election was by secret ballot in the General Assembly . 
Though President Bush 's political critics at home have been urging him to open a more direct dialogue with Mr. Gorbachev , it actually was the arguments of leaders within the Soviet bloc itself that led the president to seek the December meeting . 
It has some of the highest costs in the league . 
Mr. Icahn , the company 's deep-pocketed , tenacious adversary , recently disclosed that he had raised his USX stake to 13.1 % , and he again threatened a takeover . 
But unlike Mr. Ruder , who during the 1987 crash damaged himself by saying rather offhandedly that the markets might be closed , Mr. Breeden is turning the market drop to his own advantage , using it to further his agenda for the SEC . 
Norton and General Electric Co. last month filed a lawsuit against the former research manager , Chien-Min Sung , charging him with stealing trade secrets . 
Sometimes at a reception or cocktail party I advance these views and people head for somebody else . 
`` The Japanese will come to Mexico , but not immediately , '' says Kazushige Suzuki , director-general of the Japanese External Trade Organization in Mexico . 
As a result , says Mr. Geiger , lawyers think twice before appealing a judge 's ruling , are reluctant to mount , or even support , challenges against him for re-election and are usually loath to file complaints that might impugn a judge 's integrity . 
The Treasury 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 rose 23\/32 to 112 10\/32 to yield 10.03 % . 
In January , the Preti painting that now hangs at CenTrust was expected to bring no more than $ 700,000 at auction until Mr. Paul came along with his $ 1.15 million . 
Ms. Rose , who teaches literature at Wesleyan University , quickly proceeds to overemphasize , claiming that Baker 's dancing `` had uncovered a new region for desire '' and thereby ignoring centuries of tributes to the callipygous . 
That includes dwellings in the ravaged Marina district that must be demolished , peeled business facades south of Market Street , and houses in the city 's outer Richmond district that were heaved off their foundations . 
It was a predictable revival of her prize-winning off-Broadway anthology of Bertolt Brecht 's theoretical writings , called `` No Plays , No Poetry . '' 
But so-called outer month contracts finished higher . 
The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson . 
But therein lies another aspect of investment risk : the hazard of shaping your portfolio to avoid one or more types of risk and being blind-sided by others . 
Cineplex shareholders responded coolly to yesterday 's announcement . 
`` The consumer has to throw out the idea that the auction house is a disinterested middleman , '' says New York art dealer David Tunick . 
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services . 
They build the Lincoln Town Car , Continental and Mark VII , the Ford Escort and full-sized pickup trucks . 
My language sure goes to pot down here on the coast . '' 
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice . 
Although Paribas Chairman Michel Francois-Poncet would n't rule out eventually selling all of Navigation Mixte 's insurance operations to Allianz , he stressed the potential for the two groups instead to cooperate . 
He adds , `` The notion they try to sell is that juries do n't make decisions rationally . 
It automatically selects stories from particular countries for reading by the international bankers responsible for lending in those areas . 
\* Actual performance , not annualized 
That is , he is being compelled to put them on the market too soon , and has already gotten offers that are less than he paid for some of the art works . 
A federal judge granted a temporary stay of the California Student Aid Commission 's emergency action to stop guaranteeing loans for National Technical Schools , a unit of United Education & Software Inc . 
The growing sales sustained by domestic demand failed to counter rising material metal costs and declining profitability in overseas construction , Furukawa said . 
The market during the start-up is estimated at 25,000 subscribers . 
Third-quarter earnings have been generally disappointing and with economic data showing a clear slowing , the outlook for earnings in the fourth quarter and all of 1990 is getting worse . 
But institutions say Wall Street brokerage firms are less willing to make markets . 
Earlier this month , Convex made a bid to outflank other supercomputer competitors like Digital Equipment Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. by adopting an open set of standards and introducing new hardware and software to link different systems . 
It says 40 % of those surveyed report that 1989 exploration spending will exceed 1988 's . 
The insurer has started processing claims from the Northern California earthquake nearly two weeks ago . 
It 's a world leader in semiconductors , but behind the U.S. in making the computers that use those chips . 
Orkem declined to give details of its offer , saying only that the bid will be submitted for approval by the board of the British company . 
The chimney is a pile of bricks on the front lawn . 
Mr. Marrie said the bank expects Arizona real-estate prices , which plummeted 40 % over the last year , to fall another 20 % before stabilizing . 
He previously was staff director and counsel for the Senate committee on banking , housing and urban affairs . 
Great Western Financial said third-quarter profit rose slightly to $ 68.4 million , or 52 cents a share , from $ 67.9 million , or 53 cents a share , from a year ago . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Bristol-Myers Squibb rose $ 1.75 to $ 52.75 . 
Digital 's failure to deliver a true mainframe-class machine before now may have cost the company as much as $ 1 billion in revenue in fiscal 1989 , Mr. Willman says . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
`` No , darling , '' she said recently in her fluent , slightly affected English , during a trip East to promote Movieline 's national expansion . 
Yet the group 's limited resources makes it a niche player . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
From about 200,000 six years ago , the number of mountain bikes in the U.S. is expected to grow to 10 million in 1990 . 
A year ago , results were buoyed by a $ 20 million after-tax gain from an asset sale . 
Some people tend to ignore that a 50-point move is less in percentage terms than it was when the stock market was lower . 
But although 56 % of the respondents in the study indicated that mental-health problems were fairly pervasive in the workplace , there is still a social stigma associated with people seeking help . 
Manufacturers have survived the turmoil in China largely unscathed . 
He concedes : `` This is the most difficult market that I 've been involved in . '' 
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue . 
But less than two years later , the LDP started to crumble , and dissent rose to unprecedented heights . 
Fosset so far is the only member of a financial exchange to be forced to be taken over by another firm as a result of Friday 's rout . 
And you can look to the leadership and ask them why that is the perception of the American people . '' 
`` Lower yields are just reflecting lower short-term interest rates , '' said Brenda Malizia Negus , editor of Money Fund Report . 
Buyers have to rely on a supplier `` continually upgrading and replacing the product , '' he says . 
Della Femina had billings of just $ 660 million last year and ranked as the U.S. 's 24th-largest ad agency . 
Erasing the differences still dividing Europe , and the vast international reordering that implies , wo n't endanger the statehood of a Poland or a Hungary . 
They prefer to put off the line-item veto until at least next year . 
Other casino owners , Circus Circus among them , are financing their expansion with their own cash and revolving credit lines from local lenders such as First Interstate Bank of Nevada . 
The New York market made its high for the day on the opening and when it dropped below the $ 1.23-a-pound level , selling picked up as previous buyers bailed out of their positions and aggressive short sellers -- anticipating further declines -- moved in . 
Once somebody eats one , they get hooked . '' 
The researchers said they did this , but the toxin did n't induce immunity to whooping cough . 
Jack Ellis , a U.S. postal inspector in New York , says the Postal Service 's only job is to deliver the mail to the mail room ; once it gets there , a company can do with it what it wishes . 
But Peter Brody , Magnascreen 's president , says Japanese companies are poised to snatch the technology and put it to commercial use , just as they did with earlier U.S. innovations in color television and video recording . 
Michael E. Hill 
He said the bank could n't wait any longer for prices to recover and for borrowers to service their loans . 
Apple did n't introduce a kanji machine -- one that handles the Chinese characters of written Japanese -- until three years after entering the market . 
Jaguar officials have indicated they are close to wrapping up a friendly alliance with GM that would preserve Jaguar 's independence , but no deal has been announced . 
Granges said in Vancouver , British Columbia , that the production halt will be phased in over a 10-week period . 
Japan 's exports of cars , trucks and buses declined 2.4 % to 535,322 units in September from a year earlier , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association said . 
Demand for the new version was enabling Lotus to raise prices with distributors and to hold market share against Microsoft and other competitors that tried to exploit the earlier delays in Release 3 's launch , Mr. Sherlund added . 
`` There seems to be a presumption in some sectors of ( Mexico 's ) government that there is a lot of Japanese money waiting behind the gate , and that by slightly opening the gate , that money will enter Mexico . 
In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time . 
On the other hand , Nissan 's sales goals for Infiniti are modest compared with Toyota 's targets for Lexus . 
The clash is a sign of a new toughness and divisiveness in Japan 's once-cozy financial circles . 
After hours of conflict and debate , that jury focuses on the facts with near-perfect objectivity . 
Running the nation 's largest and most ornery city may be no treat , but at least Mr. Dinkins knows what to expect from it . 
Revenue declined $ 518 million , to $ 13.63 billion . 
With the dust settling from the failed coup attempt in Panama , one of the many lingering questions the Bush administration will ponder is this : Is the National Security Council staff big enough , and does it have enough clout , to do its job of coordinating foreign policy ? 
The price can be expected to erode further , because the loss estimate came after the market closed . 
But what about the debt burden ? 
But the meat-processing machines he picked up are 50 years old . 
( I still say do n't look down . 
Senate Democrats are to meet today to consider the GOP proposal . 
Last summer , he chucked his 10-year career as a London stockbroker and headed for the mountains . 
Though brokerage officials defended their use of program trading , one sign of what an issue it remains was that few executives would comment on the record . 
These campaign problems have echoed difficulties Mr. Dinkins has run into before . 
`` With the decline in stock prices and continued low or stable interest rates , stocks are representing a better value all the time , '' Renaissance President Frank W. Terrizzi said yesterday . 
A year earlier , net included a $ 700,000 taxlow carry-forward . 
It would establish procedures to prevent countries from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily . 
The Federal Reserve System is the standard object of suggestions for organizational and institutional changes , for two reasons . 
Quotron said that snafu , which lasted nine minutes , resulted from a failure to adjust for a 4-for-1 stock split at Philip Morris Cos . 
Now a startling new approach is available to building your financial portfolio without undue risk , without extensive planning and without hurting your life style one bit ! 
The product overcame the bad publicity and kept evolving . 
Writes Bilanz : `` No one in Switzerland ever came so far so fast ... 
Kawasaki Steel was down 11 at 788 , Kobe Steel lost 5 to 723 , and Nippon Steel slipped 6 to 729 . 
`` Their attitude is , ` You want to talk mainframes , we 'll talk mainframes , ' '' says one computer industry executive . 
Just before the actual closing arguments , the firm put the case to a vote of the five shadow jurors , each of whom was being paid $ 150 a day . 
The subsidiary also increased reserves by $ 140 million , however , and set aside an additional $ 25 million for claims connected with Hurricane Hugo . 
At the last minute , however , Pakistani officials sent in Gulbuddin Hekhmatyar , perhaps the most hated and feared of the extremists , with a demand that the surrender be made to his forces . 
The Justice Department scrambled to play down the significance of its new guidelines concerning prosecutions under the federal racketeering law . 
Federal investigators have determined a metallurgical flaw that developed during the making of an engine disk led to the July crash of a United Airlines jetliner in Sioux City , Iowa , killing 112 people . 
The builders are more willing to give up some equity and rely on management and consulting fees to stay afloat in the soft market . 
Stockholders who exercise all their rights may buy additional shares , the company said . 
They note that when an unexpectedly sharp widening in the U.S. trade gap in August was reported earlier this month , hopes for a sustained narrowing of the trade deficit were dashed and sentiment gripped the market that the U.S. economy was losing its momentum . 
Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way to drive away . 
This activity produced small rallies , which in turn attracted new short selling . 
SEC Chairman Richard Breeden said the cooperation by the exchanges would enable investors to buy and sell options listed solely on the Pacific exchange , guaranteeing the liquidity of the market . 
The agency said that because MCI 's offer had expired AT&T could n't continue to offer its discount plan . 
Analysts have mixed views about the two-year note auction . 
In Los Angeles , in our lean years , we gave parties . '' 
During the takeover , Mr. Hahn said he would put his account up for review if WPP 's bid were successful , but he did n't . 
There is still time , however , for Gov. Mario Cuomo or Fabian Palomino , chairman of the BPCA board , to prevent this topiary `` Tilted Arc . '' 
The Fed also appears reluctant to ease credit conditions further . 
Texas Air has run into difficulty reselling about $ 20 million of debt securities because of problems in the junk bond market , the person said . 
Investors interpreted the KKR move as a desire by the firm to wash its hands of SCI TV . 
Among these are the company 's Australian brewing assets , in the books at A$ 950 million but actually worth A$ 2.5 billion , he said . 
We keep a lot of shrines to him around the Pentagon : statues , busts , relics and such . 
Ned Beatty may portray former California Gov. Pat Brown in a forthcoming epsiode on Caryl Chessman , the last man to be executed in California , in 1960 . 
Mr. Chan talks optimistically of expanding , maybe even moving into the import-export field . 
AMR , the parent of American Airlines , fell 1 3\/4 to 68 7\/8 on 2.3 million shares ; Delta Air Lines lost 1 1\/2 to 66 , Southwest Airlines slid 3\/4 to 24 1\/4 and Midway Airlines dropped 1\/4 to 14 7\/8 . 
Houston-based Maryland Club Foods , which had sales of about $ 200 million last year , sells coffee under the Maryland Club and Butter-Nut brands to restaurants , hotels , offices and airlines . 
The fascist concept of corporatism envisaged an `` organic '' society in which citizens were spiritually and morally unified , and prepared to sacrifice themselves for the nation . 
Municipals ended mixed , while mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose . 
In short : Rey found companies with weak earnings but rich assets . '' 
Most short-term certificates of deposit are yielding about 8 % or less at major banks , and the yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction fell to 7.61 % for three months and 7.82 % for six months . 
Clifford Stahl , president and chief investment officer of C-S Capital Advisors Inc. , two weeks ago sold his Cincinnati firm 's 107,100 Jaguar ADRs at about 10 each , making a tidy profit on a holding purchased at 4 7\/8 in early May . 
In national over-the-counter trading , the company 's shares climbed 37.5 cents to $ 20.375 . 
Revenue increased more than 5 % to $ 283.2 million from $ 268.6 million . 
He succeeds William Kohut , who resigned earlier this year . 
In August , a Chicago conference on such devices attracted more than 100 researchers , who reported studies on everything from brain mapping to physical therapy . 
IBM appears more worried about Digital , which has a broad base of customers waiting for the new line , dubbed the VAX 9000 . 
But do n't do anything rash . 
The spokesman said he also understood that the inquiry related to the existence of an `` off-the-record '' production book . 
But would n't it be more efficient and effective to supply such support to the stock market directly ? 
Silicon Graphics , on the other hand , has targeted a specific niche since its inception in 1982 , which has been dubbed by some as `` motion-picture computing . '' 
There are some important caveats : Before investing in stocks , individuals should have at least three to six months of living expenses set aside in the bank , most investment advisers say . 
Both movies are infused with the nostalgic sensibility of someone much older , someone who does n't dismiss dreams , but who also has enough experience to see his limits . 
For the nine months , Polaroid reported earnings of $ 98.5 million , or $ 1.27 a share . 
Kellogg surged 4 1\/4 to 75 . 
Aeroflot carried about 125 million passengers last year , and Shannon Airport , the airline 's largest transit airport outside the Soviet Union , saw 1,400 Aeroflot flights and 250,000 passengers pass through . 
`` This acquisition is another indication of Texaco 's commitment to increase the company 's reserve base , '' said Chief Executive Officer James W. Kinnear . 
Farmers in the Midwest and other areas have suffered , but those along the Mississippi continue to prosper with holdings that were built with the sweat of men and women living in economic slavery . 
Creditors involved in the project contend , however , that the termination actually had nothing to do with these technical violations . 
In fact , it was up 24 . 
`` When a company realizes that , it 's hard to go with Wang . '' 
`` What I hope to bring to this is another word : process . 
Strong farmer selling over the weekend also weighed on prices . 
In New York Stock Exchange trading , Southern Co. rose 50 cents a share to $ 27.125 . 
Mr. McCall will remain chairman . 
Meanwhile , the $ 50 million of Series C bonds , which are suject to the alternative minimum tax , were priced at par to yield from 6.25 % in 1990 to 7.10 % to 2000 . 
`` For the middle and upper-middle class { Filipino } is declasse , '' says Bien Lumbera , a Philippine-studies professor at Quezon City 's University of the Philippines . 
Serial bonds were priced to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.10 % in 2002 . 
a - Discounted rate . 
`` There has been a tremendous increase '' in MMI positions , Mr. Selkin said . 
These are the raw materials used in making plastics . 
Santa Fe Pacific Realty owns 2.8 million acres of property , including 219 buildings with more than 11 million square feet of space . 
But separate reports from Joshua Weiner and Denise Spence of the Brookings Institution and Korbin Liu of the Urban Institute find that `` a surprisingly small proportion '' -- only about 10 % -- of residents start out as private payers but `` spend down '' to Medicaid levels in a single nursing home stay before they die or are discharged . 
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture . 
In fiscal 1989 , P&G earned $ 3.56 a share , adjusted for the stock split . 
Indeed , some individuals identified with the group said they have n't committed any money to the bid and were n't aware of it until they heard about it in local news accounts over the weekend . 
Distribution centers are bombed , and advertisers are intimidated . 
The adjuster had n't completed all the calculations , but says : `` We 're talking policy limits . '' 
Las Vegas has seen nothing quite like it before . 
`` There was a difference of opinion as to the future direction of the company , '' a spokeswoman said . 
Scientists have isolated a molecule that may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune system , ranging from organ-transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma , Immunex Corp. said . 
The story of tumor-suppressor genes goes back to the 1970s , when a pediatrician named Alfred G. Knudson Jr. proposed that retinoblastoma stemmed from two separate genetic defects . 
KnowledgeWare Inc. , an Atlanta computer-software concern , says it is still planning to go ahead with its IPO this week or next -- unless conditions change . 
The dollar , the best indicator of the country 's mood , has skyrocketed on the parallel market , as has gold . 
Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for disposable diapers and tissue products , and from increased sales , primarily for feminine-care products , the company said . 
As a result , the insurance market plans new measures to restrict the ability of syndicate officials to leave years open . 
Study halls , complete with reference materials , will be available . 
PepsiCo Inc. will give away 4,000 sets of `` Game Boy , '' Nintendo 's new hand-held video game in a two-month promotion scheduled to begin Nov. 1 . 
France 's industrial production index for July and August rose 1 % from June and was up 4.6 % from a year ago , according to seasonally adjusted data from the National Statistics Institute . 
The other bidder is United Illuminating Co. , New Haven , Conn. , with a bid valued at $ 2.2 billion and and a proposal for seven years of 5.5 % rate increases . 
What 's more , both Eurocom and brothers Francis and Gilbert Gross , who founded Carat , will acquire 14.99 % stakes in WCRS Group , creating a powerful link between Eurocom and Carat . 
Let 's put it bluntly . 
By a 26-7 margin , the committee scuttled the more expensive alternative , and the debate forced a strained confrontation between Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) and his party 's largest state delegation in the House . 
If they wo n't change their ways voluntarily , maybe somebody bigger -- Congress -- should make them . 
The only frenzy I saw was commercial : Booths selling World Series commemorative stamps and dated postmarks were besieged by fledgling speculators who saw future profit in the items . 
In recent years , unions and community groups have won big commitments from banks to make low-interest loans in certain neighborhoods by threatening to hold up proposed acquisitions with protests to the Fed about reinvestment act compliance . 
One problem is that the Internal Revenue Service has decided that the investment earnings and gains of the sponsors ' funds are taxable . 
If growth regains its glamour among investors , a sluggish segment of the Nasdaq over-the-counter market could show some flash . 
It has happened before . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the freight railroad earned $ 83 million , or $ 1.21 a share . 
He felt we should be giving something back . '' 
Edward Carlson awoke one morning last month to find eight holes in his front yard where his prized miniature palms , called cycads , once stood . 
HEALTH CLUBS gear up for a graying clientele . 
The Miami-based company 's stock fell $ 1.75 yesterday to $ 20.75 a share in heavy American Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Sales for the nine months were up 8 % to $ 5.44 billion from $ 5.04 billion in the same period in 1988 . 
Yet that has n't discouraged investors . 
The higher the ratio of hits to total words , the higher the presumed value to the reader . 
Maybe so -- if you can find where your favorite writer went . 
The company said in a statement that `` demand for IBM products and services continues to be good world-wide . 
No individuals were charged in the indictment . 
Come daybreak , eight family members and two other workers unroll a sheet of raw rubber that covers the floor of the house and spills out onto the street . 
The bonds are rated double-A-2 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , according to the lead underwriter . 
CBS will add 25 1\/2 hours to that load in 1992 , and ratings could be hurt by a lack of live events . 
Under the debt-equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers . 
First of all , it is a friendly acquisition in which Rockefeller sought out Mitsubishi Estate and asked it to buy a majority share . 
Meanwhile , the brokerage firms in San Francisco were trying to cope . 
`` Traditionally , consumers were concerned about ordering after the first of December because they did n't believe they would get it by Christmas , '' says Adam Strum , chairman of the Wine Enthusiast Inc. , which sells wine cellars and accessories through the mail . 
Without P&G 's backing , Noxell might not have been able to spend the estimated $ 5 million to $ 7 million needed to accomplish that without scrimping on its existing brands . 
I 'm more favorably impressed by `` no-load life , '' even though it turns out to be low-load life . 
In what amounts to an admission that the transition has n't gone as smoothly as Sears had hoped , the giant retailer is now trying new ways to drum up business without appearing to abandon its seven-month-old strategy . 
In major market activity : Bond prices rose . 
Among them were B.A.T Industries , which settled 6 pence a share lower at 753 ( $ 12.10 ) . 
In other words , if there 's a problem , do n't expect Citibank to come to the rescue . 
The discrepancy is somewhat perplexing in that the Syracuse researchers said they based their conclusions on government statistics . 
Eaton does n't provide profit figures separately for each category , but operating profit for vehicle parts as a group fell 26 % to $ 51 million on an about 1 % drop in sales to $ 488 million . 
Mr. Kasparov remarked later that `` even a weak club player '' would have avoided the queen move . 
`` Self-sufficiency has to be the cornerstone of your plan , '' says Stephanie Masaki-Schatz , manager of corporate emergency planning at Atlantic Richfield Co. in Los Angeles . 
In the TVS statement , Mr. Price said `` leaving MTM was a very difficult decision , '' but added that `` it is now time for a change ... . '' 
The incentives boosted sales for a while , but the pace had cooled by last month . 
Apogee Enterprises Inc. said profit for the third quarter ending Dec. 2 will fall below the year-earlier results because of an after-tax charge of $ 1.9 million related to a project that was guaranteed by the company . 
Mr. Lerner is a writer and historian living in New York . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A dropped 1 to 21 1\/8 on 331,400 shares . 
`` But the real future of this game is in a number of people owning a few horses . '' 
These mega-issues are being propelled by two factors , economic and political . 
The spokesman said the vote at Sochaux is expected to be followed by a similar move at the company 's assembly plant at Mulhouse , where the number of strikers has been whittled down to 80 . 
EAST GERMANS RALLIED in three cities to demand democratic freedoms . 
Authorities in Honduras launched an investigation into the cause of Saturday 's crash of a Honduran jetliner that killed 132 of the 146 people aboard . 
A bloated payroll and pervasive graft caused Pemex 's operating costs to balloon to 95 cents of each $ 1 in sales , far above the industry norm . 
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank . 
Barney Barnhardt , a 727 captain and leader of the pro-union forces , said he has received two anonymous death threats and been challenged to a fight with tire irons by a colleague . 
But university computer specialists , who welcomed the move , called it a necessary retreat from the cutting edge of technology and one that 's likely to increase Next 's sales on campuses . 
The Mitsubishi family company acquired that property from the government some 100 years ago when it was a portion of samurai residential land running from the moat of the Imperial Palace east toward the hodgepodge of tiny shops and twisted alleys that made up the merchants ' district . 
Commercial gene-splicing was born . 
`` On balance , we think it will be positive . '' 
`` Estimates are based on the previous price of similar works sold at auction and current market conditions , and are not affected by any knowledge of who the potential buyer could be . '' 
Albert Lee , a veteran trader who specializes in machinery sales , estimates that as many as 70 % of projects that had obtained approval to proceed have been canceled in recent months . 
The Usinor unit has agreed to provide technology and expertise to install a so-called spin caster by early next fall . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Sony also said two more suits have been filed opposing the company 's agreement to buy Columbia . 
Several organizations , including the Industrial Biotechnical Association and the Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association , have asked the White House and Justice Department to name candidates with both patent and scientific backgrounds . 
`` What you 're going to get is ` We do n't want to put all of our eggs in one basket ' theory , '' said James H. Renzas , president of Location Management Services Inc. , a Palo Alto , Calif. , relocation concern . 
Mr. Deaver has reopened a public-relations business . 
But he dropped his earlier $ 300-a-share back-up bid , saying he must first explore bank financing . 
Indeed , three of them will be building a successor machine for International Business Machines Corp . 
Federal Paper Board sells paper and wood products . 
Yesterday , Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch and Dean Witter all increased the proportion of assets they recommend investors commit to stocks . 
Managing change , he adds , will require a lot more aid and a prominent role for the EC , especially in dealing with the question of German reunification . 
The company said net income was flat because of investment in research and development and costs related to launches of several products . 
`` Other people are making it overnight , and the rest who toil daily do n't want to miss that opportunity when it seems to come along . '' 
He said he was giving up the golden share `` to clear the way so the playing field is level between all contestants . '' 
The three managing general partners would receive a `` significant '' number of Marsh & McLennan shares , said Walther L. Kiep , a partner who would also join Marsh & McLennan 's board . 
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year . 
The latest period includes net gains of $ 32 million in non-recurring credits from the sale of properties , indicating operating losses for the quarter in the oil and gas division . 
For more than 50 years the federal government has tried various ways to provide housing for the poor and revive cities . 
The poll conducted by Peter D. Hart Research Associates interviewed 2,064 adults age 18 and older from June 15 to June 30 , 1989 . 
Last year 's results were hurt by $ 41.3 million in restructuring charges . 
The Series got off to a lukewarm start Oct. 14 with a 16.2 % rating ; the next night it drew 17.4 % of homes . 
And Bobby Thomson was made a legend . 
The numbers were adjusted for usual seasonal fluctuations . 
But this skittishness , Mr. Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks . 
The spokesman said Unocal has had `` considerable interest '' from prospective buyers . 
Congressmen raised the issue yesterday at a hearing . 
But by 1992 , he added , Nissan will build one million vehicles a year outside Japan , or sufficient to equal exports . 
Tap on outstanding # 100 million issue . 
Citicorp -- $ 200 million of 8 3\/4 % notes due Nov. 1 , 1996 , priced at 99.64 to yield 8.82 % . 
Mr. Eidsmo is one of several key people from outside the cycling industry who were hired to bring the free-wheeling , fast-growing company under tighter control . 
Sterling , which estimated the value of the contract at $ 150 million , said NASA selected another bidder for final negotiations . 
A governing body of both the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Governmental Accounting Standards Board voted to give the FASB jurisdiction over accounting standards for certain government-owned entities . 
Separately , bankers representing the group trying to buy United 's parent UAL Corp. met with other banks about reviving that purchase at a lower price , possibly around $ 250 a share , or $ 5.65 billion . 
There was some profit-taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said . 
Connecticut -- $ 100.4 million of general obligation capital appreciation bonds , College Savings Plan , 1989 Series B , priced by a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group . 
`` Let 's close the door , '' said the judge as he climbed to his bench . 
To answer the brokerage question , Kidder , in typical fashion , completed a task-force study . 
President Bush insists it would be a great tool for curbing the budget deficit and slicing the lard out of government programs . 
Operating profit rose 5.3 % to 279.75 billion yen from 265.79 billion yen . 
He succeeds James E. Burt III , who resigned from all three posts to pursue other interests . 
A Board of Control spokesman said the board had not seen the claim and declined to comment . 
United Merchants & Manufacturers Inc. said its president , Uzi Ruskin , withdrew his proposal to acquire control of the New York textile and clothing company . 
New orders for durable goods fell back slightly in September after shooting up the month before , reflecting weakening auto demand after a spurt of orders for new 1990 models , the Commerce Department reported . 
It also awarded $ 196,785 in back bonuses to former trader Michael Newcomb and $ 69,105 in fees to the two men 's attorneys . 
After that , the layout had been easy . 
Birmingham , Ala. : 
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit-card securities are the first with a 10-year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues . 
Daimler-Benz Chairman Edzard Reuter told Milan 's financial daily Il Sole 24 Ore that talks are taking place between both companies ' aerospace units . 
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition . 
Remember those bulky , thick-walled refrigerators of 30 years ago ? 
Kawasaki-Rikuso , a freight company , set up its own software subsidiary this year and is spending nearly a year 's profit to more than double the computer terminals at its main office . 
The properties held by FADA wo n't be sold piecemeal , Mr. Seidman said in a speech before Southern Methodist University Business School in Dallas . 
If directors or producers phone me and say they know ` Liz , ' I know they 've never met her . 
Mr. Deng added , says Mr. Lee , that `` we really made mistakes . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
Spurred by growth in world-wide sales of the company 's prescription drugs , Warner-Lambert said 1989 will be the best year in its history , with per-share earnings expected to increase more than 20 % to about $ 6.10 . 
The House approved an $ 837 million aid package for Poland and Hungary , nearly double what Bush had requested . 
The most common conflict involves compensation . 
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage-discrimination against female employees . 
Mobil alluded to the work-force cuts last week when it took a $ 40 million charge as part of its third-quarter earnings and attributed it to a restructuring . 
In response to BellSouth 's amended pact , the Kirkland , Wash. , company extended its own offer to buy 22 million LIN shares for $ 125 apiece , which would give McCaw a 50.3 % controlling interest . 
Tandem 's pricing is just as aggressive . 
Payment by Allianz for the insurance interests it has just bought will help swell the French concern 's treasury to an estimated 11 billion francs . 
The federal funds would go to a range of programs , including the Federal Emergency Management Agency , highway construction accounts and the Small Business Administration , according to Rep. Vic Fazio ( D. , Calif . ) . 
Industry assets as of Aug. 31 were $ 1.31 trillion , the lowest since August 1988 . 
The spokeswoman confirmed that the bank has significantly reduced its muni holdings , but could n't immediately confirm the amount . 
And the relationship between Qintex Entertainment and the Australian company appears to be quickly deteriorating . 
Shipments of its Lemans to GM 's Pontiac division are off about 65 % from a year ago , versus a 44 % decline for Hyundai and an 18 % increase for Kia . 
Marks & Spencer is also considering opening stores across Europe sometime in the future . 
These efforts wind up creating a market where the price vastly exceeds the cost . 
Democrats asserted that the proposal , which also would create a new type of individual retirement account , was fraught with budget gimmickry that would lose billions of dollars in the long run . 
Total Assets Protection Inc. , rebounding from its earlier loss , expects to report earnings from operations of about $ 200,000 for the third quarter , J.C. Matlock , chairman , said . 
So he adjusts . 
It would be attractive to an agency such as Interpublic , one of the few big agency groups without an affiliated public relations firm of its own . 
Yes , he says , premiums on such variable-rate coverage can be structured to `` vanish '' after a certain period -- but usually only if interest rates stay high enough to generate sufficient cash to cover the annual cost of insurance protection . 
`` That 's the most important experience I 've had with any teacher , '' he says , `` because she taught me how to listen . 
Each defendant faces a possible sentence of 20 years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines . 
An accounting adjustment made net income $ 1.5 million , or 18 cents a share . 
The programs occurred against the backdrop of a late pullback in UAL , which had held at slightly lower levels through most of the session amid optimism that another bidder might surface . 
TransCanada transports all gas that moves eastward from Alberta . 
Cable & Wireless PLC of Britain won the other license . 
But as `` The Remains of the Day '' so eloquently demonstrates with quiet virtuosity , such wisdom can be movingly embodied in art . 
The bonds of SCI TV now are being quoted at prices ranging from only five cents to about 60 cents on the dollar , according to R.D. Smith & Co. in New York , which trades distressed securities . 
In 1987 , the West had the slowest sales growth , and the South and the Midwest were first and second respectively , according to the council . 
All their utterances are vague . '' 
Sony Corp. won a pretrial order blocking U.S. sales of Justin Products Inc. 's `` My Own '' line of portable audio players for children . 
The new firm , Hutton Ingram Yuzek Gainen Carroll & Bertolotti , will be based in New York . 
Revenue fell 12.7 % to $ 596.8 million from $ 684 million , although some of the decline was caused by discontinued operations . 
Environmental Control Group Inc. said it expects to report `` minimal '' earnings or a loss for the third quarter . 
Revenue climbed 28 % , to $ 1.18 billion from $ 925 million . 
The reforms described above would provide a more limited , but clearer , safer and ultimately more useful role for government as a lender . 
9.78 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % . 
`` In my view , { massages } should be managed with an appropriate mixture of males and females around , '' he says . 
`` We had lots of internal debate about this one , '' concedes Tadahiko Fukuyama , a senior public-relations official . 
Mr. Phelan 's meeting with the floor brokers comes as he prepares to explain the exchange 's position on program trading to key congressional regulators in a closed session tomorrow , according to exchange officials . 
The percentages omit from consideration the many paintings that go begging at auction . 
Each of the 1,075,000 warrants entitle the holders to purchase one share of Apogee common stock for $ 2.25 . 
BAKER FALTERS in the Mideast amid Israeli paralysis and Palestinian politics . 
Suzanne Foster 
Third , the IMF would like to meet Japan 's request for increased ownership ( currently 4.5 % ) . 
For once information flows , public participation follows and repression becomes difficult to reimpose . 
The impact on Japanese insurers and property owners with interests in the San Francisco area is still being assessed , they said . 
`` We do n't know how to get from socialism to capitalism . '' 
The injured , including three in critical condition , were treated for burns , breathing problems and cuts from flying glass , hospital officials said . 
Mid-State Federal Savings Bank advanced 1 1\/2 to 20 1\/4 after it said it is in talks with a possible acquirer . 
Judges Miner and Altimari do not appear to have a clue . 
Exxon 's profitability , like that of many other oil companies , was hurt during the third quarter by declining returns from the chemicals and refining and marketing businesses . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 19.93 billion from $ 17.73 billion . 
The Chicago office figured prominently in the bank 's problems earlier this year , when $ 65 million in loans to Chicago businessman William Stoecker went sour . 
Pasquale Pignatelli , an unlikely but enthusiastic pipe major in an Essex County Irish bagpipe band , speaks sadly of Mr. Florio . 
For Mitsubishi Estate , the Rockefeller purchase will catapult it firmly into the overseas real estate business , the one area where it has lagged notably behind Japanese competitors such as Mitsui , which had purchased the Exxon Building . 
But the government did n't step in until six months ago , when thrift officials put Lincoln into conservatorship -- the day after American Continental filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from creditors . 
Among the other actively traded blue-chip issues , Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 to # 10.86 , Hanson skidded 9.5 to 200.5 , and British Telecom fell 10 to 250 . 
Canada 's consumer price index rose a seasonally adjusted 0.2 % in September from August , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
`` It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some fundamental insights about the most basic workings of cancer , '' says Samuel Broder , director of the National Cancer Institute . 
The rich image of Newport Beach also helps lend the con artists ' operation an air of respectability . 
If you do n't , you ca n't do your job . '' 
Mr. Bennett will continue as executive in charge of the North Carolina banking operation . 
The problem for IBM trial lawyers Thomas Barr and David Boies was how to make such a highly technical case understandable . 
The move is part of a drive to increase Colgate 's business with dentists , a company spokeswoman said . 
The quotes could not be found on the tapes , and the two judges who decided the case for Ms. Malcolm and her publishers conceded that , for the purpose of their decision , `` we assume the quotations were deliberately altered . '' 
It has n't made merger overtures to the board . 
With the gyrations of recent days , says Hugo Quackenbush , senior vice president at Charles Schwab , many small investors are absolutely convinced that `` they should n't play in the stock market . '' 
Denizens of London 's financial district are cushioning themselves for heavy blows . 
Nikon said sales rose despite the adverse effect of Japan 's unpopular consumption tax , introduced in April . 
In the Gulf of Mexico , a boat to deliver supplies to offshore rigs now costs around $ 3,000 a day , up nearly 60 % since June . 
This change in the British capital account required an offsetting change in the trade account , a change that could not be prevented by pegging the currency . 
The Environmental Protection Agency is getting a lot out of the Superfund program . 
Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund company , said phone volume was more than double its typical level , but still half that of Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
Mr. Trump withdrew his bid before the AMR board , which is due to meet tomorrow , ever formally considered it . 
But the shift has also been fueled by necessity . 
Mr. Falls , the Goodman 's artistic director , took a recent adaptation by Neil Bartlett and significantly adapted it . 
`` In the long run , the { stock } prices will go up . '' 
Analysts expect that the two U.S. auto giants will move quickly to buy up 15 % stakes in Jaguar , setting up a potential bidding war for the prestigious Jaguar brand . 
No doubt , Mr. Dinkins has been a calming influence . 
Far from being minimalist , the music unabatingly torments us with apparent novelties not so cleverly disguised in the simplicities of 4\/4 time , octave intervals , and ragtime or gospel chord progressions . 
`` He asked me not to resign . 
Young & Rubicam 's Pact 
But they failed to sell these stocks to client investors , who were cautious about the sharp gains these issues made this week , the Wako official said . 
Much of the business has gone to the institute , an association of more than 100 insurers , including Cigna Corp. , Allianz Versicherungs AG of West Germany and Britain 's Commercial Union Assurance PLC . 
For October so far , daily volume is averaging 150.3 million , putting it on track to be the year 's busiest month . 
Simulated golf games , in which players hit golf balls into nets , have been installed at airports in Denver and Pittsburgh ... . 
One building was upgraded to red status while people were taking things out , and a resident who was n't allowed to go back inside called up the stairs to his girlfriend , telling her to keep sending things down to the lobby . 
Santa Fe aims to drill about 30 wells in this area in 1989 and double that next year . 
Still , Merkur 's demise is a setback for Ford at a time when the company 's image as the U.S. auto maker with the golden touch is showing signs of strain . 
Capital Holding Corp. said it requested and received the resignation of John A. Franco , its vice chairman , as an officer and a director of the life insurance holding company . 
Before the Gutfreunds finally left this unfriendly environment for a prodigious duplex on Fifth Avenue and an 18th-century mansion with a specially excavated $ 1 million garage in Paris , the Postels had obtained an injunction to prevent any future hoisting of trees , and in a neighborly spirit hit both the Gutfreunds and the building with a $ 35 million lawsuit . 
The I-880 section had completed the first phase of the retrofitting . 
Randy Delchamps was named chairman and chief executive officer of this grocery chain . 
GE , which was surprised by the last-minute subpoena for more than 100 boxes and file cabinets of documents , countered that senior GE managers did n't find out about questionable billing practices until 1985 , and that the information was passed on quickly to Mr. Orr at his first meeting with company representatives . 
`` Many of the branches are very lucrative , '' she says . 
But the old guard hired the New Crowd people : It brought in its own cuckoos . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Cambrex shares rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share . 
Bush said Washington would continue a trade embargo against Nicaragua , declaring that the Central American country poses `` an unusual and extraordinary threat '' to the security of the U.S. . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks . 
Omni Capital Group surged 1 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 . 
He may sell more shares in the open market or in private transactions , but would n't rule out changing his intentions and buying shares , the filing said . 
Ford and Chrysler also have exhibits , although theirs are tucked in a separate room with the less-popular automotive parts section . 
The art collection might have come to rival the Medicis ' had the Florida comptroller 's office not got wind of Mr. Paul 's aesthetic adventure . 
Mr. Kuehn , the company said , will retain the rest of the current management team . 
Michael J.C. Roth , USAA executive vice president , called program trading `` mindless . '' 
The price of Columbia shares has been cut nearly in half since August , when they traded at about $ 10 , as investors apparently realized that the thrift would be forced to take a big write-down . 
Hasbro Inc. , the nation 's largest toy maker , reported third-quarter earnings increased 73 % from a year earlier on a 9.4 % sales gain , reflecting improved margins . 
AYER TALKS : 
The military has also captured enormous arsenals of powerful and sophisticated weapons , explosives and other war-like materiel . 
The Fed has been intervening in foreign currency markets , all right , but through August , at least , it appeared to be `` sterilizing '' the intervention . 
THE BIG BOARD PLANS to launch its own vehicle for program trading today amid growing controversy over the practice . 
I wish he could wear lifts in his voice . 
But he said the industry has `` a good decade ahead , '' particularly if aging baby boomers fulfill the industry 's dreams by buying RVs . 
Whittle said its field staff signed up the 500 schools in 238 school districts after only eight weeks and company executives now expect to reach their start-up goal of 1,000 schools before the end of this year . 
`` I think { Mr. Phillips } is going to need some help . 
We have some level of financial interest '' in the collection . 
Compaq Computer , which had lost 8 5\/8 Thursday following a disappointing quarterly report , gained 5\/8 to 100 5\/8 . 
AMERICAN BUILDING MAINTENANCE INDUSTRIES Inc. , San Francisco , provider of maintenance services , annual revenue of $ 582 million , NYSE , had some damage to headquarters and lost phone service , but operations were moved to a branch office and are running smoothly thanks to a decentralized computer system the company had developed before the quake . 
While discount promotions are essential for most brands , some companies concede they went overboard in shifting money from advertising to coupons , refunds and other sales incentives . 
He declined to elaborate . 
They showed that participants in Division I football and men 's basketball , the big-time `` revenue sports , '' entered school with poorer high-school grades and test scores than `` minor-sport '' jocks and students who participated in other extracurricular activities , and they got lower grades once they got there , at least partly because of the athletic demands placed on them . 
125 million Australian dollars of zero-coupon Eurobonds due Dec. 12 , 1994 , priced at 50.9375 to yield 15.06 % less fees via Hambros Bank Ltd . 
Traders said a variety of factors triggered the rally . 
The reductions should be complete by the end of the year , a spokesman said , adding that the exact number to be cut has n't been determined . 
He found 85 still overvalued and 15 fairly valued . 
To fight off predators , B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets , largely by selling such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks and by floating its big paper and U.K. retailing business via share issues to existing holders . 
In fact , the entire population of the Bay Area had ended up with this dual role of actor and audience . 
Other credit houses , such as Credit Exchange and Solo Credit Service Corp. , are suggesting that their clients study each order before shipping . 
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % . 
WELLS FARGO & CO. , San Francisco , bank holding company , annual revenue $ 4.9 billion , NYSE , minor damage at headquarters , 12 branches out of 170 in Northern California sustained structural damage that will preclude them from opening in the near future , 45 locations with at least one automatic teller machine inoperable , central computer systems are operating , no injuries . 
Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative , I promptly signed up . 
The sell-off in New York City bonds was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainty in view of the impending mayoral election . 
Inco said the drop in earnings resulted mainly from lower nickel prices for the period and a temporary cut in nickel output at the company 's Manitoba operations due to high levels of arsenic in the ore . 
Dr. Fung said that FK-506 would not be available in the market for at least a year , and that the FDA approval process usually takes three years to five years . 
A spokesman for GM , the No. 1 auto maker , declined to say how many Jaguar shares that company owns . 
In the U.S. , the Hartford Courant has a facsimile edition and some other newspapers are considering the idea . 
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia-Pacific is offering . 
But even that goal may prove optimistic . 
Builders get away with using sand and financiers junk when society decides it 's okay , necessary even , to look the other way . 
The same issue threatens to spill over to the foreign aid debate , and Mr. Bush also is threatening to veto any agreement that preserves Senate-passed provisions renewing U.S. support for the United Nations Fund for Population Activities . 
That temblor measured 6.1 on the Richter scale ; Tuesday 's was 
Traders , however , are quick to point out that while there is little enthusiasm for buying dollars , the U.S. unit has found a `` natural bottom '' at about 1.85 marks and 140 yen . 
He said he believes the bank loan , to be arranged by February , will supply about half of the financing . 
What we 're seeing now makes a mockery of the idea of insurance : collect premiums from the healthy , dump the sick and let them pay their own bills . '' 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Eaton closed at $ 57.50 a share , down $ 2.50 . 
And expenses , up 7.9 % in the quarter , have stayed stubbornly high . 
For the long-term investor who picks stocks carefully , the price volatility can provide welcome buying opportunities as short-term players scramble frantically to sell stocks in a matter of minutes . 
Some lawyers say the slump , while more obvious in recent weeks , began earlier this year . 
The prepaid plans may be a good bet , provided the guarantee of future tuition is secure . 
St. Johns River Water Management District , Fla. -- $ 50,005,000 of land acquisition revenue bonds , Series 1989 , due 1990-2000 , 2003 , 2006 and 2009 , tentatively priced by a Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to about 7.03 % in 2003 . 
In return , the Senate panel has dropped efforts to enact legislation requiring the administration to inform it within 48 hours of the launching of any covert activity . 
The average interest rate rose to 8.3875 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.337 % at last week 's sale . 
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group . 
`` More rooms are n't the answer for us , '' says Caesars World chairman Henry Gluck . 
HDTV already has some military applications , such as creating realistic flight simulations and transmitting information to combat commanders . 
But President Bush is expected to veto the congressional legislation and that , along with the easy approval of the Pennsylvania measure , is likely to mute the abortion-rights activists ' claims of momentum and underline the challenges faced by this resurgent movement . 
As a result , total tax outlays were $ 73.5 million , compared with $ 44.1 million the year earlier . 
The Revco bonds are high-yield , high-risk `` junk '' bonds ; holders have $ 750 million in claims against Revco , Mr. Schulte said . 
Big cyclical companies are using `` all the tricks they can to stabilize earnings , '' says Mr. Sloan . 
`` Opening '' ( 1981 ) , from Glassworks , introduces the audience to the Glass technique : Never straying too far from the piano 's center , Mr. Glass works in the two octaves on either side of middle C , and his fingers seldom leave the keys . 
U.S. Memories investors include Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , Digital Equipment Corp. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , International Business Machines Corp. , Intel Corp. , LSI Logic Corp. , and National Semiconductor Corp . 
Both executives left the company after clashes with Chairman Ralph Ingersoll Jr . 
Mr. Hammack is eager to know what Aetna will pay for the house , which has to come down . 
Building on the corner severely damaged , so an old lady and her very old mother are in the guest room . 
Management and labor worry that the gap makes U.S. companies less competitive . 
He was finally given leave when he was arrested for allegedly buying crack . 
Qintex Entertainment is 43 % owned by Qintex Australia and said it relies on the Australian company for funding its working capital requirements . 
The former U.S. attorney , who prosecuted targets ranging from Mafia dons to Wall Street executives , has succeeded in raising questions about Mr. Dinkins 's ethical standards , but so far has failed to generate excitement about his own candidacy . 
And she further stunned her listeners by revealing her secret garden design method : Commissioning a friend to spend `` five or six thousand dollars ... on books that I ultimately cut up . '' 
Small-business patrols would be an especially helpful gesture whenever a small-business person is scheduled to testify against a robbery suspect . 
Earnings at the consumer-products giant were boosted by a gain of $ 125 million , or about 25 cents a share , stemming from last month 's settlement of litigation with three of P&G 's competitors over patents on P&G 's Duncan Hines cookies . 
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new-generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate-of-need law . 
She went first for personal mementos . 
The company received shareholder approval for its restructuring plan , designed to fend off a hostile takeover bid from a group headed by financier Sir James Goldsmith . 
Meanwhile , tax revenues are falling while the city 's spending needs are expanding . 
Of all the unflattering portraits of small-town America I 've seen on TV , this film is the most gratuitously nasty . 
Specialized Equity and Convertible Funds 
Burger King 's chief executive officer , Barry Gibbons , stars in ads saying that the fast-food chain will donate 25 cents to the Red Cross for every purchase of a BK Doubles hamburger . 
Or an interest in a retirement community in Nevada that will knock your socks off , once it is built ? 
Cattle futures prices were also supported yesterday by signs that supermarket chains are making plans to increase their promotions concerning beef . 
Once activated , the card would sit in the car 's window , showing traffic wardens how much time the motorist could remain . 
The company said it has an option to increase the offering by up to 350,000 shares . 
Currently , its parent company , Hooker Corp. of Sydney , Australia , is being managed by a court-appointed liquidator . 
The London exchange 's electronic price-reporting system provided only indicative , or non-firm , prices for about 40 minutes on Manic Monday . 
The agreement is subject to the banking company 's board approval , which is expected next month . 
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % . 
Short-term municipal bonds , bond funds and tax-deferred annuities are some of the choices they mention -- and not just as a way to get a higher return . 
Bush administration officials say inflation is under control . 
Ben Lipps , president of Fresenius USA , was named president , chief executive and chief operating officer . 
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's restated commitment to a firm monetary policy has helped to prevent a freefall in sterling over the past week . 
Then the state put in a reservoir to supply the area with drinking water . 
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market . 
The Marina also has become the focal point of city efforts to reunite residents with any pets that may have fled or become lost during the earthquake . 
California Health Facilities Financing Authority -- $ 114 million of health facility revenue bonds ( Catholic Healthcare West ) , Series 1989A , via a First Boston Corp. group . 
The Fed is easily assigned the blame for unpleasantness , like high interest rates or slow economic growth , while the politicians can escape responsibility by pointing to the Fed 's independence . 
While competitors moved production offshore in response to the sagging competitiveness of Japanese factories , Sansui lacked the money to build new plants in Southeast Asia . 
But it is high enough to prod the search for future supplies , low enough to promote consumption and , most important , steady enough for both producers and users to believe in . 
Big auction houses want to make collectibles eligible for lower capital-gains taxes . 
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry . 
The contract was negotiated by the countries ' two prime ministers , and was supposed to be free of commissions or agents ' costs . 
Insurers could see claims totaling nearly $ 1 billion from the San Francisco earthquake , far less than the $ 4 billion from Hurricane Hugo . 
Fees 1 3\/8 . 
But creditors are free to press for court approval of their own plan , or the court could ignore both sides and draw its own . 
Elsewhere , Ginnie Mae 's 9 % issue for November delivery was quoted at 98 18\/32 bid , up 5\/32 from late Monday , to yield about 9.333 % to a 12-year average life assumption . 
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon-owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two-year labor pact ends today . 
But technical factors , including modest gains in the value of the pound , helped draw buying back into the market and reverse losses posted a day earlier . 
Also as usual , the products will appeal mostly to heavy users of IBM equipment , at least initially . 
The guidelines also state , `` The government 's policy is not to seek the fullest forfeiture permissible under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . '' 
Gary J. Schantz , 44 years old , was named president and chief operating officer . 
Connecticut Housing Finance Authority -- $ 132,620,000 of housing mortgage revenue ( AMT and non-AMT ) bonds , via a PaineWebber group . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover-stock trader that owns UAL stock , would n't comment on reports the firm is considering seeking such a shareholder vote . 
The ACLU and worker organizations back tighter laws , but employers and device manufacturers object . 
Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues rose 111.48 points , or 0.32 % , to 35107.56 . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Dallas , its economy based on oil and real estate , has been in a slump . 
It requires that `` discharges of pollutants '' into the `` waters of the United States '' be authorized by permits that reflect the effluent limitations developed under section 301 . 
Per-share figures have been adjusted for a 2-for-1 stock split effective Oct. 20 . 
DARMAN'S MANEUVERS on the budget and capital gains hurt him in Congress . 
Rex Tremendae 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , where the Energy Department tests and conducts research on nuclear weapons , had only `` superficial damage , '' a spokesman said . 
But the last stock market boom , in 1986 , seems small compared with the current rush to market . 
If Mr. Wilbur 's translation is a finely ground lens through which we see the pettiness and corruption of 17th-century Paris , Mr. Falls 's production is a mirror in which we see ourselves . 
The antitrust division of the Justice Department is investigating the oddly similar tuition charges and increases among the top schools . 
One person familiar with Georgia-Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion . 
Some have been combined into suites for the high rollers . 
Last year 's results included earnings from discontinued operations of $ 13.1 million , or 19 cents a share . 
During one recent episode , all the advertisements were in English . 
The Senate negotiators included Sens. Cranston and Riegle and Mr. Wall 's principal sponsor , Republican Sen. Jake Garn of Utah . 
`` They were a sleeper . 
`` It was whooosh ! '' said one futures trader . 
But tonight 's offering , `` Settle the Score '' ( 9-11 p.m. EST , on NBC ) , does n't even try . 
An aggressive Ford bid for Jaguar would put pressure on GM to make a better offer as the British company 's `` white knight . '' 
Soichiro Honda 's picture now hangs with Henry Ford 's in the U.S. Automotive Hall of Fame , and the game-show `` Jeopardy '' is soon to be Sony-owned . 
Trading in futures and options , some people believe , can add to volatility . 
Murata expects sales at the unit of about 1.5 billion yen in the first year . 
Canada 's export effort has been blunted by robust home market demand and by an 18 % appreciation of the Canadian dollar against its U.S. counterpart in the past three years that has made Canadian goods more costly in the U.S. . 
His strength lies in his majoritarian doctrine , which keeps the Court clear of transient group pressures and leaves most decisions in a democracy to elected legislatures and executives . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Monday , gold was quoted at $ 366.50 an ounce . 
A spokesman said the plant , which will replace older lubricant and grease manufacturing plants in Montreal and Toronto , will cost about 50 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 42.5 million ) to build . 
Mr. Thompson will have to face some of the consequences of those subpoenas . 
`` If they 're telling the truth now , then they 've been charging 300 % more than what is reasonable , '' says Steve Gardner , an assistant state attorney general in Texas . 
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non-Communist government 's economic changes . 
Second , it explains why voters hold Congress in disdain but generally love their own congressional representatives : Any individual legislator 's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but not the overall cost associated with every other legislator doing likewise for his own constituency . 
So far as we can see , there is no disagreement among Mr. Baker , Mr. Quayle , the Mr. Gates we 've read , or for that matter President Bush . 
In addition to being broadcast on cable television , the movie also is being distributed on videocassettes , the suit alleges in seeking unspecified damages . 
Profit at Sears 's Coldwell Banker Real Estate Group nearly quadrupled to $ 81.2 million because of gains on sales of property . 
The program , which runs through Jan. 4 , also offers low-rate financing in lieu of the cash rebate . 
But they also are to see that taxpayers get all allowable tax benefits and to ask if filers who sought IRS aid were satisfied with it . 
But it would also encourage lenders to choose more creditworthy customers , and go a long way toward reducing defaults . 
Dealers say the budding trade in Mr. Jackson 's canceled checks is unusual . 
Afterwards , I went home and practiced for three hours . '' 
First , it had trouble manufacturing a chip for its mainframes , IBM 's bread-and-butter business . 
Jaguar shares skyrocketed yesterday after Mr. Ridley 's announcement , following their temporary suspension on London 's Stock Exchange . 
In the junk bond market , Imo Industries ' issue of 12-year debentures , considered to be one of the market 's high-quality credits , was priced at par to yield 12 % . 
While Sears would n't comment on the brouhaha over Mr. Vila 's commercial endorsements , it appears to be building a fence around Mr. Vila 's affections . 
But Brooks was unable to reach a coin-cleaning agreement with the government . 
Robertson , Stephens & Co. , a San Francisco investment banking concern , has a client that looked forward to making its initial public offering yesterday . 
Both companies are conservative marketers that rely on extensive market research . 
Clearly , some financial authorities are concerned about the Japanese banks role in leveraged buy-outs . 
Employees were told that if they really wanted the publications , they would have to have them sent home instead . 
Currently writing his memoirs , Mr. Churchill , an artist , tells how tycoons such as the late Jean Paul Getty , the oil billionnaire , were , in fact , known only by one initial , their last . 
Other blue-chip consumer issues also fared relatively well : PepsiCo rose 1 3\/8 to 58 1\/2 ; Coca-Cola Co. was unchanged at 66 3\/4 ; McDonald 's also closed unchanged at 30 1\/2 , and Merck rose 1\/2 to 75 1\/4 . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Mr. Horton , who oversaw Gulf Power 's governmental-affairs efforts , died mysteriously in a plane crash in April after learning he might be fired following the uncovering of irregularities in a company audit . 
Other antibodies sparked by the preparation are of a sort rarely present in large quantities in infected or ill individuals , he added . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
Ford Motor Co. 's Merkur , the company 's first new car franchise in the U.S. since the Edsel was unveiled in 1957 , now will share Edsel 's fate . 
The move was approved at a special shareholders ' meeting yesterday . 
Shares of KinderCare Inc. closed at 3 1\/2 , also up 1\/4 , on volume of 700,000 . 
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense . 
Sterling was already showing some signs of a lack of confidence in Mr. Lawson 's promise Friday . 
`` The grapevine is n't organized , but you and I know it exists , '' says Mr. Carew , referring to the often uncannily small world of black professionals and community leaders . 
Ford , which already has an unwelcome 13.2 % holding , is prepared to bid for the entire company and had lobbied the government to lift the takeover restrictions early . 
Recruited from New York University 's MBA program , he rose within two years to head of production , overseeing such films as `` The Way We Were , '' `` Taxi Driver , '' `` Tommy '' and `` Shampoo . '' 
Net income \* : $ 599.9 million ; or $ 20.20 a share 
The program has even been called upon to create `` safe '' white electoral districts in municipalities where whites are the minority . 
As Japanese auto makers gained market share , the Big Three , with GM in the lead , slashed North American production and launched a retail discounting blitz . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Loral closed at $ 33.25 , down 37.5 cents . 
Under the agreement , Healthcare , a manager of health-care facilities , said it would pay HealthVest $ 3.9 million in overdue rent and mortgage payments and repay $ 1.1 million in funds that HealthVest advanced for construction work on facilities . 
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one . 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double-C from single-B-minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade . 
White Males 
Britain 's Prime Minister Thatcher alone dissented . 
Continental gave up some of its recent gains , dropping 8 to 338 , as rumors of an impending takeover attempt for the tiremaker faded , brokers said . 
`` It is fun competing as a private company , '' Mr. Brawer says . 
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years . 
Robert M. Glorioso , Digital 's vice president for high performance systems , says Digital 's mainframe is designed not as a central computer around which everything revolves , but as part of a decentralized network weaving together hundreds of workstations , personal computers , printers and other devices . 
But alleviating that overhang failed to stimulate much activity in the secondary market , where prices were off 1\/8 to up 3\/8 point . 
Industry executives said Interpublic approached Saatchi in August about buying its Campbell-Mithun-Esty unit , but was turned down by Chairman Maurice Saatchi . 
Late yesterday afternoon , DDB Needham executives were scrambling to figure out what to do about a new business presentation that had been scheduled for today , a spokesman said . 
But these proposals do not rest on a view of what the Fed 's problem is or , if they do , they rest on an incorrect view . 
Mexico exported an average of 1,296,800 barrels of crude oil a day at an average of $ 15.31 a barrel during 1989 's first eight months for a total of $ 4.82 billion , Petroleos Mexicanos S.A. said . 
Ordinarily in genetic engineering each of these genes , minus the one that caused the virulence , would have been transferred to another bacterium , called E. coli , which would then produce a nonvirulent version of the toxin . 
Both the MNC and Beneficial offering were underwritten by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , the leading Wall Street firm in the home-equity securities market , which was created early this year . 
Last year , only 8 % were expecting a recession . 
He added : `` How is a travel agent going to sell a holiday when he can not guarantee a return flight ? '' 
Finally , Scenario 4 reduces the budget by 2 % per year for the next five years -- a total reduction of $ 287 billion . 
No politician wants to say what I just said , not for a minute . 
When the Supreme Court upheld Missouri 's abortion restrictions last July , the justices almost certainly did n't have drunk driving , trespassing and false imprisonment on their minds . 
`` I thought I was over the hill at 22 , '' recalls Mr. McDuffie , an outgoing man with pale blue eyes and a light Southern drawl . 
She represents a new breed of savvy consumer who puts bargain prices , nutritional and environmental concerns , and other priorities ahead of old-fashioned brand loyalty . 
Ford might challenge the proposal by offering a full bid if holders and the U.K. government agreed to drop the anti-takeover barrier early . 
A K mart spokesman said the acquisition would be financed with short-term borrowings . 
The investors range from elderly widows to affluent professionals . 
How deeply do they read it ? 
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . '' 
Here a fund may promise to pay back , say , $ 95 of every $ 100 invested for a year , even if the market goes much lower . 
He takes issue with projections that do n't factor in students ' own contribution , which reduces most parents ' burden substantially . 
`` Dave thought the country needed a strong U.S. Steel and , while Chuck agreed , he was more apt to say , ` Not at any cost to shareholders , ' '' a former executive says . 
Subsequently , however , the ill effects are likely to be offset , at least in economic terms , as construction activity begins . 
Only a government-sponsored bailout kept the crisis from swallowing the exchange . 
There will be recreation and movie rooms . 
Many investors have nagging worries , however . 
TeleVideo Systems Inc. , proposed offering of 1,853,735 common shares , to be sold by holders . 
A decline in truck production more than offset a sharp rise in auto assemblies , the Fed noted . 
Sir Richard is also a non-executive director at National Westminister Bank and NatWest Investment Bank Ltd . 
All U.S. futures exchanges agree that these and other trading practices require proper regulation and supervision . 
Bush has three vacancies to fill on the prestigious D.C. Circuit Court , which handles many important regulatory issues and is often considered a warm-up for future Supreme Court nominees . 
In addition , the group will create custom-designed media such as cookbooks , newspaper inserts and videos for ad campaigns . 
But Darman suggests such tensions will dissipate quickly . 
So-called jumbo CDs , typically in denominations of $ 90,000 and up , also usually follow T-bills and interest rate trends in general more than those aimed at small investors . 
Oregon -- $ 100 million of general obligation veterans ' tax notes , Series 1989 , dated Nov. 1 , 1989 , and due Nov. 1 , 1990 , through a Chemical Securities Inc. group . 
The firm also raised the percentage of bonds in its model portfolio from 40 % to 45 % and later to 55 % . 
The December contract fell 3.85 cents a pound to $ 1.1960 . 
Sales were $ 2.14 billion , up 1.6 % from $ 2.11 billion the previous year . 
Lucas Industries PLC , a British maker of industrial parts and systems , reported a 28 % rise in pretax profit for the year to July 31 , helped in particular by a 32 % jump in operating profit at its aerospace division . 
If any nation can use environmentally benign architecture , it is Poland . 
They began uncovering a confusing variety of genetic deletions , some existing only in benign polyps , others in malignant cells and many in both polyps and malignant cells . 
`` But it looks tough . '' 
He is a mechanical engineer , not an atmospheric chemist . 
But some think that 's being overly optimistic . 
We do n't think this will affect that . '' 
The company dispatched as many as 200 people in the San Francisco area to do the work , though most of the rerouting was done by computer . 
Also , Chairman Pierre Lortie resigned . 
David Lindsey , chairman of the Fat Tire Bike celebration , muses that the bike 's popularity may be a combination of technology and nostalgia . 
THE NATION'S carriers also provide discounts to Red Cross workers , retired military personnel and medical students . 
Mr. Eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to evolve and adapt to local changes , but he feels that the Sino-British agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future . 
By summer , an independent reform movement was saying out loud what it had only whispered before . 
Rally 's , a fast-food chain based in Louisville , Ky. , is contending that Mr. Sugarman and two other company directors failed to disclose to the Securities and Exchange Commission that they intended to acquire a big Rally stake . 
The sale , which Pechiney had been eager to make for several months , is still subject to certain unspecified conditions and is expected to be completed during the first quarter of 1990 , the group . 
For all of 1988 , the company reported an after-tax operating loss of $ 134,000 on revenue of $ 593.5 million . 
The American Iron and Steel Institute reported : The capability utilization rate is a calculation designed to indicate at what percent of its production capability the industry is operating in a given week . 
Industry analysts have said that the purchase price for the paper was too high , causing a strain on Goodson 's finances . 
Under current law , it is not financially rational to forgo consumption . 
Sometimes repairs are out of the question . 
Later , he recalls the words of his Marxist mentor : `` The people ! Theft ! The holy fire ! '' 
Mr. Dozen succeeds Sadakane Doi , who will become vice chairman . 
Revenue was $ 873.9 million , up 7.3 % from $ 814.8 million . 
In high-tech , the Bay area accounts for 15 % to 20 % of the U.S. computer-related industry . 
`` I think we did . '' 
Bank Building , which expects to report a fourth-quarter loss , said it engaged advisers to `` explore financial alternatives for the company including the possible sale of the company or one or more of its units . '' 
It 's an `` absolute necessity '' to get out of junk bonds when a recession is in the offing , says Avner Arbel , professor of finance at Cornell University . 
Because Mr. Marcos died Sept. 28 , the privilege can no longer apply , the judge said . 
3 . In deciding whether forfeiture ( and , hence , a TRO ) is appropriate , the Section will consider the nature and severity of the offense ; the government 's policy is not to seek the fullest forfeiture permissible under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . 
The transaction has had a series of setbacks since the financing problems became known last Friday , with no signs or statements from the buy-out group to indicate that any progress has taken place . 
`` We spend a fortune on research information , '' said Steve Burzon , publisher of Meredith Corp. 's Metropolitan Home . 
Although Bausch remains the leader among the six majors , Johnson & Johnson , with its new disposables , is coming on fast . 
The so-called Louvre accord was seen to have set ranges of 1.70 marks to 1.90 marks and 120 yen to 140 yen . 
An apartment complex down the road is the crew-rest and staging area for more than 130 Aeroflot pilots and flight attendants . 
Market Data Retrieval is a compiler of educational information and provides related services . 
`` No other { computer } vendor offers graphics performance that good for their price . '' 
Our ability to influence the outcome of events in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union is far more marginal . 
Lloyd 's said there are currently 115 open account years involving 68 of the market 's roughly 360 syndicates . 
But even though companies are paying more taxes , many are still paying less than the statutory rate , the report said . 
Continentals are unable to be butlers because they are as a breed incapable of the emotional restraint which only the English race are capable of . '' 
On the other hand , only 42 % say foreign cars are less comfortable than U.S. models , down from 55 % in 1987 . 
An additional 500 million marks in credit-backing was promised by the West German state governments of Bavaria and Baden-Wuerttemberg . 
Now there are more lines connected to the chairman 's office , and the market-monitoring computer has been moved next to his desk . 
Merrill Lynch and Prudential-Bache Securities both lowered the stock 's investment rating immediately after the results were issued Friday , according to PIR . 
Hong Kong financial institutions have been waiting for interest-rate futures for a long time . 
Then , in 1988 , a proposal to keep better track of income by selling prepaid cards for pachinko was fielded in parliament . 
A spokesman for New York City Comptroller Harrison Goldin said the high rates reflect investors concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainties . 
Simpson is an auto parts maker . 
Nikon forecast sales for the year ending March 31 will rise 9.6 % to 240 billion yen . 
In terms of days lost on the job , the study estimated that each affected employee loses about 16 work days a year because of stress , anxiety or depression . 
A law went on the books in January that let him smoke bacon without breeding pigs . 
The need for consistency is especially acute for Mr. Bush , who , Mr. Sears maintains , lacks a strong ideological base . 
With 700 branches in Spain and 12 banking subsidiaries , five branches and 12 representative offices abroad , the Banco Exterior group has a lot to offer a potential suitor . 
And neither can your pilot . 
But there was a dearth of sellers , traders said , so buyers had to bid prices up to entice them . 
But some cosmetics-industry executives wonder whether techniques honed in packaged goods will translate to the cosmetics business . 
There is n't a black worker in sight . 
Salomon , moreover , gets its data on art appreciation from Sotheby 's , whose prices go up with clients like Mr. Paul in its thrall . 
In 1953 , James Watson and his colleagues unlocked the double helix of DNA ( deoxyribonucleic acid ) , the genetic key to heredity . 
But his circumstances are among the few that can qualify for the handful of really cheap airline tickets remaining in America . 
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion . 
While the company said chemical margins continued to worsen this quarter , costs will be lower because the maintenance and expansions are complete . 
The stock was trading at 69 just two weeks ago . 
`` We made our own decision , '' he said . 
Intel said that over the past decade , it has installed computer sensors and shutoff valves , sensitive to the shake of an earthquake , in the pipes that snake through its plants . 
Institut Merieux S.A. , which offered 942 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 801.2 million ) , or C$ 37 a share for Connaught , said it would extend its bid , due to expire last Thursday , to Nov. 6 . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % . 
But several mutual-fund managers , nervous about the deteriorating quality of their junk-bond portfolios and shy about buying new issues , said they 're staying away from any junk security that is n't considered first rate for its class . 
Some other fare promotions have backfired . 
Undaunted , Mr. Dozen said that Daiwa 's goal is to build `` a high-technology oriented international organization with maybe some Japanese flavor to it . '' 
`` The impact wo n't be that great , '' said Graeme Lidgerwood of First Boston Corp . 
The interviews took place two years ago . 
Results for the third quarter ending Oct. 31 , are expected to be released the third week of November , according to Michael Dell , chairman and chief executive officer . 
Sales growth and profit in business products and systems -- Xerox 's main business -- were `` disappointing , '' said B. Alex Henderson , who follows the company for Prudential-Bache Securities Inc . 
CAMBREX Corp. , Bayonne , N.J. , declared its initial quarterly of five cents a share , payable Dec. 1 to stock of record Nov. 10 . 
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers . 
Weirton Steel Corp. said it reached a tentative agreement on a 48-month labor contract with the Independent Steelworkers Union covering production and maintenance employees . 
The company estimated that the transaction would enhance its book value , which stood at $ 28.55 a share on Sept. 30 , by more than $ 100 million , or about $ 4 a share . 
`` With the Edison plant coming on line next summer , the Times is facing some tough earnings comparison in the future , '' said Peter Appert , an analyst with C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell . 
Valley National said its $ 110 million provision for credit losses and $ 11 million provision for other real estate owned is related to weakness in the Arizona real estate market . 
Both Philip Morris and Backer Spielvogel declined to comment . 
It added another 5 % Monday before stocks rallied . 
Mr. Thompson is n't bereft of experience with new products , however . 
Securities analysts , many of whom scrapped their buy recommendations after seeing Cathay 's interim figures , believe more jolts lie ahead . 
While most other airline issues took their cue from UAL , USAir Group rose 1 3\/4 to 43 1\/4 on 1.5 million shares amid speculation about a possible takeover proposal from investor Marvin Davis . 
LTV challenged the order , and a federal district court in New York in June 1988 ruled that the agency improperly ordered LTV to reassume responsibility for the plans . 
Motorola either denied or would n't comment on the various charges . 
The insurance firm acts as a broker on policies covering buildings managed by HelmsleySpear and others . 
`` Fast-food jobs are n't popular no matter what they pay , '' says a Tufts official . 
ARTICLE I , SECTION 7 , CLAUSE 2 : 
The fund was created by the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Act , which provides that the owner or operator of a vessel involved in an oil spill must pay the first $ 14 million in damages . 
A final opinion must be approved prior to the acceptance of tendered shares for payment under the offer , which was due to expire at 12:01 a.m. EDT today . 
Some of the allegations are simply bizarre . 
The deal fell through , and Kandahar remains a major regime base . 
Those expanded powers reached their zenith in July when Bankers Trust New York Corp. provided mergers advice , an equity investment and bank loans for the $ 3.65 billion leveraged buy-out of Northwest Airlines parent NWA Inc . 
By some estimates , nearly a fourth of all U.S. ski areas have been forced to shut down since the early '80s . 
Motorola is fighting back against junk mail . 
Mr. Cane stresses that he is n't using the telephone to lure clients to his doorstep . 
But traders on the exchange floor , who can observe the computer-guided trading activity on monitor screens , said most of the top program-trading firms were active both days . 
The SEC , faced with a major squeeze on options positions , said it was necessary to ensure that options listed on the exchange could be traded today and tomorrow . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Oneida 's shares closed at $ 18.375 a share , unchanged . 
For the nine months , net -- including profit from discontinued operations both years and in 1988 an extraordinary charge of $ 17.7 million related to settlement of a lawsuit -- was $ 170.6 million , or $ 4.54 a share , up 5.8 % from $ 161.3 million , or $ 4.32 a share , a year ago . 
A separate inquiry by Chemical cleared Mr. Edelson of allegations that he had been lavishly entertained by a New York money broker . 
All this stuff still is in the House 's 1,878-page reconciliation bill , and many Members say they 're reluctant to pull out cherished bills , just to see them die . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors committee , unhappy with the carrier 's plans for emerging from bankruptcy-law proceedings , asked its own experts to devise alternate approaches to a reorganization . 
`` You are mad because he 's making so much money , '' say President Reagan 's defenders . 
General Motors earlier this year said it would n't deliver bulk mail or free magazines in its Flint , Mich. , office , while Air Products & Chemicals , Allentown , Pa. , says it screens junk mail and often throws out most of a given mass mailing . 
( The union will keep a 2 % commission on construction projects . ) 
Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co. expects a 30 % decline in earnings between now and 1991 for `` commodity-oriented '' paper companies , which account for the majority of the industry . 
While rival ABC News outstripped the competition in live coverage of the event by sheer luck -- the network was broadcasting the World Series from Candlestick Park when the quake struck -- NBC News was unable to get its signal out of San Francisco for the first hour after the quake . 
For the nine months , Coca-Cola Enterprises ' net fell 31 % to $ 65 million , or 39 cents a share , from $ 93.8 million , or 63 cents a share . 
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % . 
Of course East Germany , true to its tradition , could tighten its borders yet further . 
`` It was our first acquisition , '' he says , `` and it was a mistake . '' 
But few knew it then and most still think all pencils are wooden . 
But even before it begins , the campaign is drawing fire from anti-smoking advocates , who criticize Philip Morris 's attempt to bolster its beleaguered image by wrapping itself in the document that is a cornerstone of American democracy . 
The problem is so vast that we need to try innovative solutions -- in small-scale experiments . 
Inventories are creeping up ; car inventories are already high , and big auto makers are idling plants . 
Do n't worry . '' 
Output in the energy sector , which can vary greatly with swings in the oil market , rose 3.8 % in August from May but was down 7.1 % from a year earlier . 
At the most there is only nine months before the LDP fuse burns out . 
Instead of hoping to sell his USAir stake at analysts ' estimated buy-out price of $ 80 a share , Mr. Steinhardt is stuck with roughly 3.7 million USAir shares that cost him $ 45 , on average , but yesterday closed at 40 1\/2 , up 1\/4 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
It also lowered some air fares . 
Last week Mr. Adler lowered his rating from hold to `` avoid '' on Boise Cascade , Champion International , Great Northern Nekoosa , International Paper , Louisiana Pacific and Weyerhaeuser . 
He had been vice president of the department , which was formerly called the real estate department . 
Nervous investors continued to limit their buying to blue-chip stocks while dumping takeover-related issues . 
Analysts have predicted strong pent-up demand for the new line among Digital 's customers . 
United Parcel Service , Greenwich , Conn. , said its operations in the San Francisco area have been reduced to 40 % of normal . 
The metals segment , hurt by a strike , had break-even results , against $ 3 million a year ago . 
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . '' 
The average yield there on six-month issues is 8.32 % . 
C. Hyde Tucker will become president and chief executive officer of Bell Atlantic International Inc. , a unit of this telecommunications concern , effective Jan. 1 . 
In the late 1960s she designed a lightweight stretch bra that boosted sales . 
If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include human rights , Soviet reforms , regional disputes , relations with allies , economic cooperation , arms control , and joint efforts to fight narcotics , terrorism and pollution . 
`` This is n't outlandish bidding ; this is a situation of very careful businessmen making judgments about the worth of product and acting on it ... . 
The government said consumer prices rose only 0.2 % last month . 
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . '' 
The flamboyant and publicity-conscious Mr. Belli says he already has investigators looking into who could be held liable for the damage on the Bay Bridge and the interstate approaching it . 
At El Monte Travel Center in El Monte , Calif. , customers now can get in only through a buzzer and lock system . 
He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 . 
The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates . 
The final proration factor will be announced Monday . 
-- The banks will threaten not to make further loans , but in truth , lacking the capital to write off their mistakes or to build a navy , they have no alternative but to go along . 
Leveraged buy-outs may be curbed by two rules in pending congressional legislation . 
Others suggested , however , that the Fed will hold any changes in monetary policy in check , leaving fed funds at around 8 3\/4 % , down from the 9 % level that prevailed from July through September . 
He retains his titles of president and chief operating officer and succeeds as chief executive Howard O. Painter Jr. , who remains chairman of the board . 
-- Junior football player . 
TVX owns five stations , including WTXF , a Fox affiliate , in Philadelphia . 
United Education & Software , a Los Angeles education services company , called the commission 's action `` precipitous and unwarranted . '' 
The Irish-Soviet aviation connection is alive and well here at Shannon Airport . 
`` Nonsense , '' she told an interviewer yesterday on London Weekend Television . 
As times get tougher , investors fret about whether companies will have enough money to pay their debts . 
She issued a separate statement , separating herself from a Commonwealth document reasserting the political value of imposing sanctions against South Africa . 
In life , she offers practical dieting advice : `` Divide your meals into important and unimportant . 
By contrast , average dollar volume on the Big Board last year was $ 5.3 billion . 
Among previously disclosed possible bidders is Bloomingdale 's Chairman Marvin Traub , who has aligned himself with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and Blackstone Group . 
Companies `` are n't comfortable playing these games , but they realize they 're under pressure to make their policies look good , '' says Timothy Pfiefer , an actuarial consultant at Tillinghast , a unit of Towers Perrin Co. , the big New York consulting firm . 
IBM is gaining momentum in the personal-computer market , and is expected to introduce some impressive workstations early next year . 
In fact , we have agents assigned full time to assist the MPD in drug-related crimes such as homicide and other crimes of violence . 
But the Rockefeller investment is its largest . 
Michael Applebaum resigned after less than a year in the posts . 
These failures in turn contributed to the fall in the market averages : Uncertainty extracted an extra risk premium and margin-calls triggered additional selling pressures . 
The company is an independent refined-petroleum-products pipeline serving six Western states . 
Junk-portfolio managers raised their cash position to 9.4 % of assets in September from 8.3 % in August . 
Aichi is a machikin , Mr. Utsunomiya says , and `` one of the nasty ones . '' 
Earnings from the bank 's global consumer business grew 27 % . 
There is doubt that the change would accomplish much but at least Congress , as in 1935 , would be doing something . 
Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks , and many houses and storefronts are empty . 
At 18,000 feet , he says , he and his co-pilot `` were looking for an interstate or a cornfield '' to land . 
Besides being upset with the film 's use of the Hells Angels name and logos , the Angels are angry with their depiction in the movie . 
Chip 's Memory Is Here Today , Here Tomorrow 
Here are some of the major components of the gross national product expressed in seasonally adjusted annual rates in billions of constant ( 1982 ) dollars : 
This seems to be happening now to limited partnerships , many of which either have gone into the tank in recent years or have otherwise been grievous disappointments . 
Acadia would sell up to 10 % of the equity in the reorganized company to creditors and bondholders in exchange for the cash distribution , but creditors and bondholders would receive no discount for their shares . 
That 's because the widely used fiber-optic cable has been installed underground with 25 extra feet of cable between junction points . 
Panda Motors is one such investment . 
Ferembal has 930 workers at four canning manufacturing plants and one plastic container facility . 
In light of the recent skittishness in the high-yield market , junk bond analysts and traders expect other high-yield deals to be sweetened or restructured before they are offered to investors . 
Francoise Verne , 52-year-old former deputy director of France 's mint , faces prison for her theft of some 67 rare coins from the mint 's collections . 
Net fell to $ 65 million , or 67 cents a common share , from $ 93.7 million or $ 1.03 a share , a year ago . 
But the lack of lines became painfully apparent . 
Now it 's getting downright dangerous . 
`` When we decided to look outside the company for critical data-processing and communications services , we wanted to get the best vendor for that service , '' said Paul Allen , the spokesman . 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 110.4 million from $ 105.4 million . 
`` The earning power { of gold mining companies } is restricted unless the gold price hops up over $ 425 an ounce , '' he says . 
The consensus view on real GNP , the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services adjusted for inflation , calls for a 2.3 % gain , down from the second quarter 's 2.5 % , according to MMS International , a unit of McGraw-Hill Inc. , New York . 
Both banks have been battered , as have other Arizona banks , by falling real estate prices . 
The bridge loans are intended to provide temporary financing for acquisitions . 
Slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles are forcing Chrysler Corp. to temporarily idle its Toledo , Ohio , assembly plant for the first time since April 1986 . 
In addition , Mr. Alexander said , the worm sends strange messages to other machines at the center -- such as , `` George Orwell was an optimist , '' or `` Do n't feed the bats tonight . '' 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Some analysts reckon that the next quarter 's figures will present a more accurate picture of the U.S. economy , showing a marked slowdown in a number of sectors , including housing starts and equities . 
But real-estate experts and brokers said the quake undoubtedly will drag down prices in neighborhoods built on less stable ground , especially in the Bay Area . 
CLOROX Co. , Oakland , consumer products , annual sales of $ 1.36 billion , NYSE , was closed yesterday but plans to reopen today or tomorrow . 
Individual investors , represented in the general-purpose and broker-dealer fund categories , pulled money from the stock market after its big drop last Friday and put the money into funds , said Jacob Dreyer , vice president and chief economist of the Institute . 
To help residents in Northern California rebuild , FEMA intends to set up 17 disaster assistance offices in the earthquake area in the next several days and to staff them with 400 to 500 workers from various agencies , said Robert Volland , chief of the agency 's individual assistance division . 
Senshukai said the partners plan to rent to tourists but will also sell to interested parties . 
It plans to sell 1,700 units in 1989 . 
At the same time , William T. Archey , international vice president at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , notes : `` Clearly the stronger dollar has made imports more attractive '' by causing their prices to decline . 
An incinerator is also probably better than having nobody next door -- on our farm there are four unoccupied houses . 
This meant returning to the golf course , where we watched a few French duffers maul the first tee while we sat under Cinzano umbrellas , me nursing an espresso and my ego . 
The benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at a price of 101 25\/32 to yield 7.955 % , compared with 100 29\/32 to yield 8.032 % Wednesday . 
The Senate Agriculture Committee is responding to trading abuses in the futures markets with a far-reaching bill that would become the Futures Trading Practices Act of 1989 . 
Toyota Motor Corp. 's sales offices in Japan have one-tenth the computers per employee that its own U.S. offices do ; over the next five years , it is aiming for rough parity . 
The association said domestic demand grew 8.8 % in September . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters rub many people in Hollywood the wrong way . 
Machinists already have rejected a package that would provide a 10 % pay raise plus bonuses over the three-year life of the contract . 
Last month , Morgan Grenfell announced its pretax profit rose 49.6 % to # 32.8 million in the first half , boosted by a healthy growth in its domestic and international corporate finance business . 
The farmers ran a boycott , and meat disappeared from the shops . 
Now , the firm says it 's at a turning point . 
The earthquake damage , of course , would have been far greater if the epicenter had been in downtown San Francisco . 
`` I am only afraid that with Vietnam 's poor-quality products we ca n't compete with neighboring countries . 
The experiments involve encircling a thin rod of palladium metal with a wire of platinum and plunging the two electrodes into `` heavy '' water in which the hydrogen atoms are a doubly heavy form known as deuterium . 
Company officials also said that any gain from the sale of Westinghouse 's 55 % stake in its transmission and distribution venture with the Swiss firm of Asea Brown Boveri will be offset by a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter . 
Mr. Jones takes heart . 
Now , as election day nears , even some supporters wonder what he will do if he wins the mayoralty on Nov. 7 . 
`` I said , ` NOW ? ' 
Traders attribute the mark 's surge to a robust West German economy and higher rate differentials . 
Mr. Guber also says in his affidavit that Mr. Daly `` told us that even if Sony did not want us , Warner 's relationship with us already was irreparably damaged , that there was no way ` to put the egg together , ' and that it would sue Sony for tons of money . '' 
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier . 
And then there 's always State U . 
Sales increased 36 % to $ 683 million from $ 502 million . 
`` You do n't have a right to practice . 
Abbie lies back and leaves the frame empty . 
Senator Daniel Inouye agreed to close some bases in Hawaii in exchange for such goodies as $ 11 million for a parking lot at Walter Reed Hospital . 
Mr. Regan warned mayoral candidates `` to be prepared for limited options and constraints on service increases to address the city 's problems in the next few years , due to the now-evident weakening in the New York City economy . '' 
But tremors are likely in the junk-bond market , which has helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years . 
`` It 's all anybody wants to talk about , '' says Richard Posner , executive vice president for Credit Exchange Inc. , a leading credit service . 
At least it has a little dash . 
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments . 
U.S. Healthcare Inc. was added to the health care providers group . 
USX Corp. declined a United Steelworkers request for a reopening of its four-year labor contract that is due to expire Jan. 31 , 1991 . 
Among her OTC picks are Oshkosh B'Gosh and A&W Brands . 
Mr. Miller repeated that in the next six months he plans to sell another $ 200 million to $ 300 million of assets to repay debt and reduce interest costs at Wang , a minincomputer maker in Lowell , Mass . 
Mr. Peterson declines to comment on specific allegations in the two suits , saying he prefers to save such responses for court . 
The second provision , affecting so-called 235 mortgages , has met strong opposition from investment bankers represented by the Public Securities Association . 
The underwriters expect a single-A-minus rating from Standard & Poor 's Corp. , which has the issue under review . 
`` Whenever corporate profits are weak that means capital spending is going to soften subsequently , '' Mr. Harris said . 
Mikhail Gorbachev , he said , is ahead of China 's leaders in his awareness of the world . 
Shortly thereafter , hysterical articles began to appear predicting that advanced industrial societies would produce a blackened , uninhabitable planet possibly by the turn of the century . 
Like the game of professional football , the NFL organization itself is in turmoil . 
But they never materialized and IMA completed the purchase yesterday . 
But name-dropping has other benefits , often civic . 
The consensus view on real GNP , the total value of the U.S. output of goods and services adjusted for inflation , calls for a 2.3 % gain on an annual basis , slowing somewhat from the second quarter 's 2.5 % , but still fairly strong . 
`` Athens with Spartan means , '' Mr. McDonough says . 
But this is not where the rewards of junk financing were found . 
Under the new terms , New World will still pay $ 540 million for Ramada 's hotel business , subject to adjustment at closing , but Ramada will now reimburse New World for $ 10 million in expenses . 
Only 2 % of the people in September cited Sears 's `` friendly personnel . '' 
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions . 
The government later brought a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and others . 
It 's a script pieced together from interviews by CBS News for a re-enactment , a dramatic rendering by an actor of Mr. Hoffman 's ultimately unsuccessful struggle with depression . 
But many proponents of Filipino see resistance to the language finally crumbling . 
Revenue : $ 899.6 million 
Bar associations and consultants are offering more programs to teach associates all they need to know about law but did n't learn in law school . 
Pinnacle West Capital Corp. said it suspended indefinitely its common stock dividend and reported a 91 % plunge in third-quarter net income . 
In the quarter , the Crum & Forster insurance unit reported $ 200 million before tax of capital gains from property and casualty operations . 
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices . 
Early in 1987 , Mr. Honecker and his team stopped paying thin compliments to Mr. Gorbachev and joined with Romania in rejecting any necessity for adjustments in their systems . 
One exception is a continuing experiment at Stanford University where as much as 10 watts of energy are being put into the electrolytic cells . 
Qintex Entertainment dropped 2 5\/8 to 1 1\/2 after seeking protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code for itself and its two operating subsidiaries , Hal Roach Studios and Qintex Productions . 
Then , too , many individual investors lack the sturdy emotional makeup professionals say is needed to plunge in and out of the market . 
For one thing , there is an old master on the wall -- `` Samuel Anointing David , '' a big baroque canvas painted by Mattia Preti , a 17th-century Neapolitan . 
The amount of the settlement will be taken as a charge against earnings in the fourth quarter . 
The upgrade reflected the 20 % decline in shares of the bank since the firm lowered its rating in early October , based on the belief the stock had become expensive . 
The indictment charged that Pymm operated a machine to crush broken thermometers and recover the mercury in an illegal workroom . 
The new offer assumes just five years of 5.5 % rate increases , to be followed by state-approved increases under the usual hearing procedure . 
Mr. Bixby said that early signs point to improved earnings and revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 1990 . 
In his peaked military cap and neatly pressed , French-made uniform , Noriega felt more respected and powerful than ever in his underprivileged life , friends from the period say . 
A partnership with a Williamsburg , Va. , unit of Shell Oil Co. recently patented a process for producing plastic food containers that wo n't melt in microwave ovens . 
Jackals roam the streets at night , and gemsbok , hardy antelope with long straight horns , wander in from the desert to drink from water sprinklers . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.65 % . 
The numbers show that `` we do n't have a monolithic economy , '' said Isaac Lagnado , council research director . 
The capability utilization rate is a calculation designed to indicate at what percent of its production capability the industry is operating in a given week . 
In Missouri , those caught drinking and driving between the ages of 16 and 21 may have their licenses revoked for one year , while those 21 or older suffer only a 30-day suspension . 
Mr. Corry , who has boned up on corporate raiders by reading T. Boone Pickens 's autobiography , had hoped the detente would continue . 
The ratio , which reflects the number of bids the Treasury receives for each bid accepted , is used to gauge investor demand . 
Overseas exploration and production results also improved because of additional output from the North Sea Magnus Field , a portion of which was acquired by Sun earlier this year . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
But the editorial , by Jan Stjernsward of the World Health Organization , notes that tobacco consumption and lung-cancer mortality rates are rising in developing countries . 
The debentures will be available in book-entry form only in a minimum amount of $ 5,000 and additional increments of $ 5,000 . 
Broward County School District , Florida -- $ 185 million of school district general bonds , via a First Boston Corp. group . 
Occidental Petroleum 
Some funds are posting yields far higher than the average . 
Mr. Keteyian had to do most of his own digging on University of Nebraska football , which is , to date , high and dry as far as the NCAA is concerned . 
The company said the approximately $ 115 million acquisition price includes its total $ 33 million of long-term debt outstanding . 
Portfolio managers said expectations are for the issue to be priced at a discount with a coupon of 13 3\/4 % and a yield of about 14 % . 
Phillip J. Stuecker , 37 , vice president , secretary and treasurer , was named vice president of finance and chief financial officer . 
KKR loaded up the cable and television company with debt in an 1985 buy-out , then later sold Storer 's cable operations at a fat profit . 
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns . 
To reduce it at the fund 's building , workers rubbed beeswax instead of polyurethane on the floors in the executive director 's office . 
Sales of long-distance services , an extremely competitive market , rose 6.4 % . 
The balloting , considered a test for the prime minister and the ruling Congress ( I ) Party , comes amid charges of inept leadership and government corruption . 
His new forecast calls for `` a soft landing . '' 
The settlement relates to four contracts negotiated from 1982 to 1985 , prosecutors said . 
Breweries attracted investors because of their land property holdings that could figure in development or other plans , traders said . 
`` Most of the LBO guys do n't know how to run a business anyway . '' 
Mr. Lee values the package at between $ 15 and $ 20 a share , based on current trading prices of other casino-company stocks . 
`` We 're in no way committed to a deal going through at all . 
In that way , the pilots may be able to force the board to approve a recapitalization that gives employees a majority stake , or to consider the labor-management group 's latest proposal . 
Philip L. Hall , president of J. Lawrence Hall Co. , Nashua , was named a director of this thrift holding company , filling a vacancy . 
There may be a few cases where the law breaking is well pinpointed and so completely non-invasive of the rights of others that it is difficult to criticize it . 
LAW FIRM NOTES : 
Most companies still are trying to sort through the wreckage caused by Hurricane Hugo in the Carolinas last month . 
Mr. Miller vetoed that : `` Even I ca n't understand all the footnotes , '' he says . 
Dealers said the day 's action was featureless outside some response to sterling 's early weakness against the mark , and fears that Wall Street might open lower after its strong leap forward Thursday . 
Investors who received Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's latest stock commentary may be left with blank expressions . 
In a letter to the federation , Raymond Campion , Exxon 's environmental coordinator , said : `` Recent public actions by you regarding the Valdez oil spill have failed to demonstrate any sense of objectivity or fairness . '' 
The plan calls for the company to buy back 2,250,000 shares , which reflects a 3-for-2 stock split this year . 
Boatmen 's Bancshares Inc. -- $ 150 million of 9 1\/4 % subordinated notes due Nov. 1 , 2001 , priced at 99.821 to yield 9.275 % . 
That makes it the most active trader among all the nation 's investment advisers , according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings . 
Within six years many figures were convicted for their illegal abuse of Franklin funds . 
`` But the horrendous pace of call volume in the first half-hour slowed considerably . '' 
Investor Asher Edelman increased his stake in Intelogic Trace Inc. and cleared the way for additional purchases . 
IBM is expected to get a boost soon when it announces some new versions of its mainframes . 
Lawrence M. Gressette Jr. , president , was elected to the additional posts of chairman and chief executive officer of this utility holding company , effective Feb. 1 , 1990 . 
But record industry executives familiar with the talks said Mr. Azoff and Warner came to an agreement yesterday to form a 50-50 joint-venture company funded by Warner and run by Mr. Azoff . 
But then , he says , they put two loaded pistols to his temple and demanded he open the safe . 
Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole named a mediator to help resolve the lengthy labor dispute between the United Mine Workers and Pittston Co . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
Some of it was necessary to get federal help flowing to victims , but some seemed designed mostly to project an image of a White House in action . 
Revenue eased 0.3 % to $ 3.45 billion from $ 3.46 billion . 
HUNGARY ADOPTED constitutional changes to form a democratic system . 
The company 's stock plunged when it first announced that it planned to acquire Emhart . 
But no significant problems have been reported among hundreds of people tested with the devices . 
2 . Provide better incentives . 
By that logic , the closing of a deal could be much further away than three to four months , even though the eventual price might be higher . 
Some consultants had insisted it would n't work . 
The premium the elderly pay for coverage of doctor 's bills under Part B of the Medicare health insurance plan will rise to $ 29 a month in 1990 from $ 27.90 , the Department of Health and Human Services said . 
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade-off ... . 
Short-term Treasury securities ended narrowly mixed , with two-year notes posting slight declines while three-year notes were slightly higher . 
Combatting crime and the fear of it in inner-city commercial areas should give Enterprise Zones more success than most have enjoyed to date . 
Mr. Sheridan , who had been expecting quarter profit of about $ 1.25 a share , says he is reducing his estimate for the year to the area of $ 5.70 a share , from his previous estimate of $ 6.10 . 
Earthquake 's Damage 
The man-made inferno will tower over a man-made lagoon with more than four acres of pools , grottoes and waterfalls . 
Bethlehem Steel Corp. has agreed in principle to form a joint venture with the world 's second-largest steelmaker , Usinor-Sacilor of France , to modernize a portion of Bethlehem 's ailing BethForge division . 
PNC Financial Corp. , the parent of Pittsburgh National Bank , reported net income climbed 9.8 % , while net for Banc One Corp. of Columbus , Ohio , grew 3.8 % . 
`` The Giants got swamped in the second game , 100 , and trailed 4-1 going into the bottom of the ninth of the third and deciding game . 
Bolar has denied any wrongdoing . 
`` Before futures , '' says New York investor Michael Harkins , `` you actually had to pay attention to whether the thing you were buying had any intrinsic value . '' 
Both Clarcor and Anderson are based in Rockford , Ill . 
Not a great deal . 
$ 150 million of 8 7\/8 % bonds due Nov. 29 , 1996 , priced at 101 7\/8 to yield 8 7\/8 % less full fees via Nikko Securities Ltd . 
Many openings for mass cheating , such as questionable tax shelters and home offices , have gaped so broadly that Congress has passed stringent laws to close them . 
The trend is making advocates of the tax cut less optimistic about success . 
B.A.T yesterday started its share buy-back . 
`` Big business , '' Mr. Pawlowski snorts in English . 
The greatest thing going for Mr. Gandhi and the Congress ( I ) Party is the poor reputation of the opposition . 
`` People are fearful and sensitive . 
The shocks generated nerve impulses that traveled via spine to brain and showed up clearly on a brain-wave monitor , indicating no damage to the delicate spinal tissue . 
But his fans , to his constant amazement , never let him forget the famous four-bagger . 
In yesterday 's report , First Interstate said its bank in Texas also reported a loss of $ 23.5 million for the quarter . 
The principles would give the Environmental Protection Agency increased authority and flexibility in regulating pesticides , with the aim of enabling the agency to move more quickly . 
These days , Mr. Breeden is winning praise in Washington and on Wall Street for his behind-the-scenes role in monitoring the Friday-the-13th market plunge and the following Monday 's harrowing morning session . 
Whatever accord the three carriers reach , he said , he is skeptical it would create a separate airline . 
Also , municipal bonds lured buying because the stock market remains wobbly , traders contended . 
The solutions they formally proposed included lead\/sulfur taxes , conservation and recycling incentives , reforestation offsets , transferable pollution permits , an ecological bank to finance pollution-reduction credits , and debt-for-environment swaps . 
The Coats bill , which already has 32 Senate co-sponsors , is n't a pure line-item veto because it would apply only to spending bills . 
OPEC 's ability to produce more oil than it can sell is starting to cast a shadow over world oil markets . 
Revenue rose 24 % to $ 18.73 billion from $ 15.09 billion . 
The company , Mr. Renzas said , has n't yet determined what to do . 
After that , `` it would make sense for airlines to talk about doing things jointly , '' said Cotton Daly , director of cargo services for New York consulting firm Simat , Helliesen & Eichner Inc . 
Since Anchor is still seeking this waiver , Vitro said the tender offer is being extended until 5 p.m. EST tomorrow . 
It falls to others to do the writing , directing and producing . 
It would n't identify the bankers . 
Earnings at Allied-Signal 's aerospace business rose to $ 55 million from $ 41 million a year ago , primarily on higher sales and profit in its engines and auxiliary power units . 
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors . 
They also are concerned about the persistent strength of the dollar against the yen , as a weaker yen leads to higher import prices in Japan and adds to domestic inflationary pressures . 
In October 1979 , just days before the Federal Reserve raised interest rates , IBM offered $ 1 billion in debt securities . 
These statesmen might take counsel from William Robinson , author of `` The English Flower Garden '' -- the gardener 's bible since 1883 -- who seems to have had a Jennifer Bartlett in mind when he wrote : `` Unhappily , our gardeners for ages have suffered at the hands of the decorative artist when applying his ` designs ' to the garden ... . 
They have sent a letter to congressional tax-writers asking that gains from the sale of collectibles also be given preferential treatment . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Neither plan is dead , however , and the judge could force creditors to accept some version of them after ruling on the Minpeco-Manufacturers Hanover dispute . 
GM , Ford and Chrysler have already cut fourth-quarter U.S. output plans an estimated 15 % from 1988 levels . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said it applied to Taiwanese securities officials for permission to open brokerage offices in Taipei . 
But two-thirds of all poor Americans were white . 
But the nations of Europe and North America have decided they know better . 
Much like their cohorts in political consulting and product marketing , the litigation advisers encourage their clients to play down complex or ambiguous matters , simplify their messages and provide their target audiences with a psychological craving to make the desired choice . 
In fiscal 1984 , before Mr. Gandhi came to power , only $ 810 million was raised . 
Willie Brown , speaker of California 's Assembly , said that Gov. George Deukmejian has agreed to schedule a special session of the legislature within two weeks . 
Nippon Meat Packers Inc . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 7\/8 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi International Europe . 
But two big New York banks seem to have kicked those chances away , for the moment , with the embarrassing failure of Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. to deliver $ 7.2 billion in bank financing for a leveraged buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp . 
IRS Revenue Procedure 89-52 describes the reporting requirements . 
Sears has been counting on growth coming from the large displays of brand-name merchandise it is adding to its stores over the next two years in what it calls `` power formats . '' 
The disabled-workers bill ( quack , quack ) . 
I was in my favorite watering hole , waiting for the game to start . 
Markets -- 
The stock closed yesterday on the Big Board at $ 28.75 , down 12.5 cents . 
It did n't provide details of setup costs . 
This past summer , Quotron sold its customer-service unit , employing 600 , to Phoenix Technologies Inc. , a closely held computer-service firm in Valley Forge , Pa . 
The centers are complete with maps detailing utility lines beneath rides and `` safe havens '' where people can be assembled away from major structures . 
Less noticed is a bit of legislative legerdemain by Houston Republicans on behalf of HEI Corp. of Texas to retroactively `` move '' a Missouri hospital from one county to the next to justify higher Medicare reimbursements . 
Despite the criticism , Philip Morris 's corporate campaign runs little risk of getting yanked off the tube . 
We can not , however , join the political chorus that as one proclaims how offputting it is that Mrs. Thatcher refuses to get along by going along . 
Two rules in pending congressional legislation threaten to hinder leveraged buy-outs by raising the price tags of such deals by as much as 10 % . 
In the U.S. , Jaguar 's American depositary receipts were among the most active issues Friday in national over-the-counter trading where they closed at $ 11.625 each , up 62.5 cents . 
He has a claim to the right to commercialize the Westinghouse patents , but he contends that those patents are being infringed by a number of Japanese producers . 
And the vice president of a large Midwestern company realized that an abrasive temperament threatened his career when his wife confided that similar behavior at home harmed their marriage . 
Hence copious amounts of gratuitous sex , violence and gutter language are included as a crutch . 
Hughes Aircraft Co. , a General Motors Corp. unit , said the Intelsat VI commercial communications satellite is set to be launched Friday . 
Sullivan Graphics Inc. , offering of $ 110 million of senior subordinated notes , via Merrill Lynch . 
Total operating profit fell 3.1 % to 486.1 billion yen from 501.61 billion yen . 
In a letter to the BPCA , kelly\/varnell called this `` arbitrary and amateurish . '' 
Mr. Butz said the divergence in the two measures reflects changes in family size and structure , including the rising number of female-headed families and a sharp increase in income reported by Americans who are n't living in families . 
Sumitomo Bank donated $ 500,000 , Tokyo prefecture $ 15,000 and the city of Osaka $ 10,000 . 
Vision Banc was placed in government conservatorship in March , and it operates under the control of the Resolution Trust Corp. , the agency created to sell or liquidate insolvent thrifts . 
Their hope was that the catalyst would seek to oust the board in a solicitation of shareholder consents . 
Weyerhaeuser Co. said it sold its wall-paneling business to an affiliate of one of Indonesia 's largest wood-products firms . 
Edward J.M. Little , one of the assistant U.S. attorneys who prosecuted the case , said the Garcia trial `` is the last of the Wedtech prosecutions . '' 
Mr. Guber replies that `` this is a Goliath , this Time Warner , trying to chew up two fellows who have done only well for them for a long period of time . '' 
Raytheon Co. was issued a $ 19.2 million Air Force contract for support of the Milstar communications satellite . 
Operating profit grew 57 % to $ 269 million from $ 171 million , while operating margins rose to 16.1 % from 15.9 % the previous quarter and 12.6 % a year ago . 
But only two-thirds of Lexus dealers are constructing new buildings according to the Lexus specs . 
The company made the announcement after the close of the markets , where its stock finished at $ 10.75 , up 25 cents , in over-the-counter trading . 
It already has had success in electroluminescence , another promising technology adaptable for high-definition television . 
But given the few number of users , the cost to the federal government per passenger is estimated at $ 193 , according to House and Senate appropriations committees . 
The $ 1.4 billion robot spacecraft faces a six-year journey to explore Jupiter and its 16 known moons . 
It is E-Z listening for the now generation . 
Metal racks on the plant floor fell over , and water mains ruptured , a spokeswoman says . 
The bank said the talks resulted from solicitations by its financial adviser . 
Yet these purchases can be misleading . 
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power . 
The Bank has been making adjustment loans for 10 years . 
`` There 's no reason to believe that juries rule inappropriately , '' he says . 
After years of wild swings , oil prices over the last 12 months have settled at around $ 15 to $ 20 a barrel . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
The close was the highest since August 3 . 
In a statement , Scott McNealy , Sun 's chief executive officer , said the company 's performance was hampered by problems tied to the introduction of a major new family of computers in April . 
The message is loud and clear : This is not your father 's Brooks Brothers . 
Tokyu Development Corp. is spending $ 500 million to build American-style luxury homes in suburban Tokyo with rarely seen back yards , front yards , swimming pools and tennis courts . 
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 144 basis points above the Treasury 's seven-year note . 
He wo n't for long , because his old state sources of rye and potatoes are drying up . 
During the past four months , retail sales have remained generally weak , advancing an average 0.2 % a month , the agency said . 
But seesaw gyrations in the Dow Jones Industrial Average yesterday put Wall Street back in the spotlight and inspired market participants to bid the U.S. unit lower . 
But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it `` flattery . '' 
Fleet also noted that , unlike other banking companies in the Northeast , it has been only marginally hurt by nonperforming loans that have resulted from the slumping regional real estate market . 
The 6 3\/4 % notes due April 1994 were up 0.10 point to 97.85 to yield 7.31 % . 
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble . 
This is the 11th consecutive quarter in which the company has paid shareholders an extra dividend of five cents . 
The assembly plant builds the Cadillac DeVille , Chevrolet Caprice and Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera Wagon . 
The announcement came after the market 's close . 
Moreover , the Bank follows a prudent provisioning policy and has set aside $ 800 million against possible loan losses . 
Typically , manufacturers are paid 10 days after the month in which they ship . 
Even such a pro-life stalwart as Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R. , Utah ) had counseled some kind of compromise . 
The remainder expect a downturn to begin sometime in 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
That 's the word expected to be on the lips of the more than 3,000 developers , pension-fund advisers and real estate financiers slated to attend a four-day conference , beginning here today , sponsored by the Urban Land Institute . 
Call it disaster marketing . 
So far no one has suggested putting the comptroller back on the board . 
Cadbury Schweppes Australia Ltd. has held the Australian Pepsi franchise for the past four years . 
He says he sold the stock to avoid conflict-of-interest problems in his role as a voting member of the city 's Board of Estimate . 
At the peak of its power and influence a century ago , Lloyd 's dominated the insurance world with a 50 % stake . 
Bonds : 
The results were in line with analysts ' expectations . 
His credentials are excellent for the task . 
Ms. Volokh quit her job , to remove herself from the public eye . 
The new generation of plants will possess the flourishing , high-production trait known as `` hybrid vigor , '' similar to that now seen in hybrid corn . 
The top-performing fund in the latest week was Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar , with a seven-day compound yield of 9.45 % . 
Fittingly , the Tela Accords were nicknamed by Hondurans `` the Dodd plan . '' 
Princeton\/Newport investors , including McKinsey & Co. and the Harvard endowment , made the rational decision to withdraw their money ; for the firm , the liquidation was sentence first , verdict later . 
Investors in the over-the-counter market dumped banking and insurance issues , sending the Nasdaq composite index lower for the third consecutive session . 
It is scheduled for delivery in late 1991 . 
The broadcasting unit reported operating profit of $ 134.9 million , up 18 % from the year-earlier $ 114.3 million . 
In a hopeless position , the computer resigned rather than make its 37th move . 
Arthur Klein , president of Young & Rubicam 's New York office , stepped down `` temporarily '' in the wake of charges by a federal grand jury in New Haven , Conn. , that he , the agency and another top executive bribed Jamaican tourist officials to win its account in 1981 . 
`` I 've had no problems performing my duties and responsibilities . '' 
Sunday , Oct. 29 , 8-11 p.m. EST , on ABC : `` The Final Days . '' 
The Capcom Futures unit withdrew from Board of Trade membership voluntarily in August , a Board of Trade spokesman said . 
The company said its People 's Savings Bank unit does n't have a `` large exposure to construction and commercial loans that have caused the loan-loss problems in many of the banks . 
Quarterly revenue rose 4.5 % , to $ 2.3 billion from $ 2.2 billion . 
December corn futures added 2.25 cents a bushel to close at $ 2.4225 a bushel on the Board of Trade . 
After quadrupling annual earnings over four years to $ 6.8 million in 1988 , the Fairfax , Va. , company , posted a 23 % drop in earnings for this year 's first half . 
The posters were printed on paper pre-signed by Mr. Dali , the attorneys said . 
One section of the bill would make all commodity brokerage firms and floor brokers liable for damages without willful misconduct . 
The base metal price has dropped 30.3 % from a year earlier to 78 cents a pound . 
`` People are naturally suspicious of them , '' says Mr. Mullins of Morgan Stanley . 
A spokesman attributed the bulk of a 14 % increase in selling , administrative and general expenses -- to $ 324.9 million -- to marketing costs . 
More likely , relief funds could be added to an omnibus spending bill that Congress is to begin considering next week . 
Under the rules adopted by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , the futures contract can not drop below the limit , but buyers can purchase futures . 
The United Nations , which is distributing farm tools to returning refugees in Namibia , is rethinking a plan to hand out machetes because of the tense political climate during preparations for independence from South Africa . 
Some shows just do n't impress , he says , and this is one of them . 
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named . 
John Wilpers resigned as editor in chief . 
But just how does Mr. Downey 's unorthodox style mesh with the sedate tone of CNBC 's business programming ? 
A few years ago , Mrs. Hammack insisted on buying earthquake insurance for this house , which had been converted into apartments . 
Among the stocks featured in the market-makers ' squeeze was Sears , which closed at 107 pence ( $ 1.70 ) a share , up 3 . 
PACIFIC GAS & ELECTRIC CO. , San Francisco , electric , gas and water supplier , annual sales $ 7.6 billion , some minor damage to headquarters , undetermined damage to four nearby substations , severe structural damage to a major power plant at Moss Landing , extensive damage to gas lines and electric lines , 400,000 residences without electricity and 69,000 without gas , can not reconnect electricity until it is certain there are no gas leaks , no predictions on when this will happen . 
Junk bonds ended about one-half point higher with so-called high-quality issues from RJR Capital Holdings Corp. and Petrolane Gas Service Limited Partnership rising one point . 
Network-access revenue from long-distance telephone companies increased 6.4 % to $ 618.6 million . 
Government officials declined to say whether the investigation includes the ad agencies or the politicians involved . 
Railroad-rate increases are likely to be restrained by weakening rail-traffic levels and keen competition for freight from trucks . 
For the nine months , the company expects to post a net loss of about $ 879,000 , or 35 cents to 40 cents a share , on revenue of $ 6.5 million . 
Such moves would greatly reduce the power of government ministries , who now jealously guard their turf and are seen as one of the major obstacles blocking economic reform . 
Combined with recalculations and revisions in other trade areas , the value of U.S. net exports that had not previously been recorded was about $ 20 billion a year . 
Mr. Roman , 59 years old , abruptly announced he will leave the venerable ad agency , whose largest client is American Express , to become American Express 's executive vice president for corporate affairs and communications . 
Market pulp is wood pulp sold on the open market to producers of paper and other products . 
The most arbitrary of these is the imposition of `` service fees , '' which will directly widen the cost spread between U.S. and foreign markets . 
Government officials who wonder how important it is for them to encourage development in high-risk areas should visit Vermont-Slauson and Grand Boulevard Plaza and decide for themselves . 
Roche Holding AG , parent of the Swiss chemical and pharmaceutical group , said its group sales rose 22 % in the first nine months of the year to 7.32 billion francs ( $ 4.51 billion ) . 
Do the Japanese feel so superior that they can not find capable American managers ? 
Republicans countered that long-range revenue estimates were unreliable . 
Once again , your editorial page misstates the law to conform to your almost beatific misperceptions . 
Until recently , Kellogg had been telling its sales force and Wall Street that by 1992 it intended to achieve a 50 % share of market , measured in dollar volume . 
Fiat said it 's only interested in technical cooperation with Saab . 
`` It was scary to people thinking that they could n't get their trades off . '' 
But Drexel has made it clear it could mount a significant legal battle in each state if its license is revoked , according to state officials . 
( About 7.5 % of Picop is publicly traded and other shareholders own the rest of the equity . ) 
Mr. Louis-Dreyfus , in a recent interview , said he might sell `` a marginal agency or office . '' 
Asian traffic , which currently accounts for 65 % of Cathay 's business , is expected to continue as the carrier 's mainstay . 
But the production is the equal of any local program . 
Qintex Australia was `` going to pay more than $ 1 billion for MGM\/UA and then they could n't come up with the far smaller sum of $ 5.9 million . '' 
`` Parenthood , '' this summer 's successful and amusing movie about parents and children , apparently was only the beginning . 
In August , personal income rose 0.4 % and personal consumption increased 0.9 % . 
The communication Mr. Lee brought represents the softer line the U.S. has been hoping to hear from Chinese officials since the June 4 massacre of pro-democracy demonstrators in Beijing . 
Mr. Henning is a Chicago-based law firm management consultant and a writer . 
`` They ca n't help talking about the big important people they know , even if they do n't really know them , '' says Dr. Freudenberger . 
The National Restaurant Association says quick-service restaurant units in the U.S. rose 14 % to 131,146 between 1983 and 1987 , the last year for which figures are available . 
Housing and Urban Development 's budget is $ 17 billion . 
Mr. Allen , appointed by President Reagan , grew understandably tired of dealing with the guerrilla tactics of his enemies . 
But the Population Council , a 37-year-old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government . 
Northeast Utilities raised its bid for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , which is operating under Bankruptcy Code protection , to $ 2.25 billion from $ 1.85 billion . 
The less-than-robust third-quarter results came amid renewed concern about the volatility of stock prices and the role of computer-aided program trading . 
And many have done just that . 
For the year ended June 30 , 1989 , Merksamer Jewelers had $ 62 million of revenue and operating profit of $ 2.5 million . 
The $ 125-billion-a-year Bay area economy represents one-fourth of the economy of the nation 's most populous state and accounts for 2 % to 3 % of the nation 's total output of goods and services , according to the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy in Palo Alto . 
The MIT project devised ways for E-mail to be automatically categorized as top priority if it comes from certain designated senders or requires action in the next couple of days . 
Perhaps most important , Carl Icahn , who had once threatened a hostile takeover bid , was subdued . 
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen-Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis . 
Par also said it was advised by the U.S. attorney for Maryland that it is one of a number of companies being investigated by a federal grand jury for alleged violations of the federal Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act . 
Markets -- 
It was further helped by Ford , which announced after London 's close that it had raised its stake to 12 % from just under 11 % on Tuesday . 
Asked if the Soviets , like Chinese officials , wo n't one day face a similar conflict between the desire to liberalize economically and yet retain political control , Mr. Lee said , `` I would think that the Soviets face a deeper dilemma because they have been more in blinkers than the Chinese -- I mean keeping their people cut off from the outside world . '' 
Not all of NASA 's space-science work will be so auspicious , though . 
The study , which received funding from Upjohn Co. , which makes several drugs to treat stress-related illnesses , also found 47 % of the managers said stress , anxiety and depression contribute to decreased production . 
The latest 10-year notes were unchanged at 100 16\/32 to yield 7.904 % . 
`` The New York Stock Exchange is losing its cool here , '' said James Andrews , head of institutional trading at Janney Montgomery Scott Inc. in Philadelphia . 
The tax payments will leave Unisys with $ 225 million in loss carry-forwards that will cut tax payments in future quarters . 
Its partner in the joint venture is Sin Kean Boon Metal Industries , Penang , Malaysia . 
Food production was ahead 1.7 % from June and 5.3 % from a year earlier . 
Tell us about the HUD scandals . 
But they say they ca n't make much headway because of a lack of willing leaders in a position to turn the tide . 
Trading executives privately say that huge stock-index funds , which dwarf Wall Street firms in terms of the size of their program trades , will continue to launch big programs through the stock market . 
`` His supporters are not venal , but their solution to everything will be to spend more money , and he wo n't have any money . '' 
And Mr. Jackson probably has opened new checking accounts , too . 
Economists expected twice as large an increase . 
According to Mr. Steinman , the newsletter publisher , Anheuser 's market share is nearly twice that of its nearest competitor , Miller Brewing , which had a 21.2 % stake last year . 
Tokyu Department Store advanced 260 to 2410 . 
News about UAL and AMR , whose shares never reopened after trading was halted Friday for the UAL announcement , sent both stocks nosediving in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
French crude-steel production in September was 1,616,000 metric tons , unchanged from a year earlier , according to the National Steel Manufacturers ' Association . 
All three new models are outselling their predecessors by wide margins . 
The 40-year old Mr. Pope has n't changed jobs enough -- at least the right ones -- to stash away that kind of money . 
In London , the Financial Times 100-share index finished 30.1 points higher at 2112.2 . 
The 12-bed `` cooperative care '' unit is one of about 18 nationwide where a family member or friend helps care for a patient in the hospital . 
The stock market reacted as Mr. Rahn did , crumbling as it absorbed the news that Mr. Darman 's strategy had been abandoned . 
Moreover , the U.S. can expect more competition from low-cost producing Pacific Rim and Latin American countries . 
And on London 's Stock Exchange Monday , 18.5 million shares were traded , far above the usual volume . 
Holiday said third-quarter earnings rose to $ 39.8 million , or $ 1.53 a share , from $ 21 million , or 84 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Net income : $ 44.9 million ; or 25 cents a share 
Crude oil futures prices fell further as analysts and traders said OPEC oil producers are n't putting the brakes on output ahead of the traditionally weak first quarter . 
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges . 
Christopher Hill in Tokyo , Nicholas Hastings in London , Erik Kirschbaum in Frankfurt and Caitlin Randall and Douglas Appell in New York contributed to this article . 
The figure excludes a record number employed by extraordinary government work programs , the Labor Directorate announced Tuesday . 
`` We 've done a lot to improve { U.S. . } results , and a lot more will be done , '' Mr. Mark said . 
Eastern , a unit of Texas Air Corp. , said it is examining the ruling to determine if it can appeal . 
Otherwise , they 'd be watching programs that are no different in quality from what they currently view on color TVs . 
The two executives could hardly be more different . 
Some scenes : -- Saturday morning , a resident was given 15 minutes to scurry into a sagging building and reclaim what she could of her life 's possessions . 
BPCA President and CEO David Emil hopes to negotiate a seawall that could `` be significantly more visually permeable . '' 
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell . 
The declines mainly reflected widespread weakness in durable goods , those intended to last more than three years . 
THE IRS DELAYS several deadlines for Hugo 's victims . 
`` There 's nothing in here that 's horrible and nothing to make you think they 're setting the world on fire , '' said Carole Berger , analyst for C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc . 
Then , by voice vote , the Senate voted a pork-barrel bill , approved Thursday by the House , for domestic military construction . 
ADN said Mr. Honecker , a hard-line Stalinist who in 1961 supervised the construction of the Berlin Wall , also was relieved of his title as head of state and his position as chief of the military . 
The charge represents a write-down of the goodwill associated with Poughkeepsie 's investment in the banks it is trying to sell and its North Carolina branches as well . 
The separate contracts were from Paragould Light & Water Commission , a utility in Paragould , Ark. , and PSE Inc. , a cogeneration-plant operator in Houston . 
Fed critics , however , hailed it as a long overdue attempt to bring a measure of openness and democracy to the setting of monetary policy . 
In August , Recognition said it was in violation of certain terms of its debt agreements with bank lenders because of a $ 3.9 million loss for the third quarter ended July 31 . 
-- Marrill J. Pederson . 
Yesterday , the brokerage firm Conning & Co. said insurers will use the earthquake as an excuse to raise insurance rates , ending their long price wars . 
He said that in this case he concurred with the State Department 's decision that Mr. Ahmad should be extradited . 
Traders said the futures buying was finely calculated by program traders . 
Compare the past eight five-year plans with actual appropriations . 
While Compaq sells its machines to businesses through computer retailers , Texas Instruments will be selling most of its machines to the industrial market and to value-added resellers and original-equipment manufacturers . 
The new 3090s due next week will boost performance by only about 8 % to 10 % . 
And IBM said it expects the costs to continue climbing . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Petrie said that on Oct. 26 Petrie Stores agreed to purchase Mr. Petrie 's 2,331,100 Deb Shops shares . 
According to Mr. Laband , `` screaming '' for price controls occurs when income redistribution `` threatens to hit home . '' 
A second illustration is supplied by the recent guilty plea entered by Robert Freeman , formerly head of arbitrage at Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one-year waiting list for the car . 
We 'll leave them alone . 
He succeeds Alfred O.P. Leubert , 66 , who continues as chairman and chief executive officer . 
Executives of the two agencies could n't be reached last night . 
In addition , the rise in the value of the dollar against foreign currencies over the past several months has increased the price of U.S. products in overseas markets and hurt the country 's competitiveness . 
`` But my daughter could n't , until she was too ill to take it . 
Mr. Craig and three others were indicted last year as part of that payola probe . 
Opponents say Mr. Thornburgh 's plan will needlessly break up longtime , tightly knit crime-fighting units that have successfully prosecuted major organized-crime figures . 
The fund has about $ 1 billion and is set up to handle `` precisely the kind of emergency '' the state faces , said Tom Beermann , the Governor 's deputy press secretary . 
`` It took Zhao Ziyang ( former premier and party chief ) 10 years to build a team of economists who understood how the Western economies work and now that team is part in exile , part being rusticated and part missing . '' 
With these incentives , demand creates its own supply and a criminal network along with it . 
About 30 floor traders crammed near the UAL post most of the day , and probably hundreds more came and went -- a `` seething mass , '' as one trader described it . 
Unlike the Maronites , Israel 's Jews will not let themselves become the weakest force in a system of private armies ; Jerusalem will become Belfast before it becomes Beirut . 
The Merc alleged that , among other things , from April 1987 through October 1988 Capcom Futures failed to document trades between Capcom Futures and people or entities directly or indirectly controlled by Capcom Futures shareholders . 
However , Mr. Gorbachev must ensure that within this `` alliance '' the business sector remains subordinate to the party . 
Some businesses -- like Disneyland -- claim that even if they became isolated in a crisis , they would be able to feed and care for their people for as long as five days . 
On Friday , selling dominated the afternoon `` curb '' session in London , which takes place at noon EDT . 
A second phase of research , which is still being planned , will test reformulated gasolines on newer engine technologies now being developed for use in 1992 or 1993 cars . 
The Small Business Administration has received more than 5,000 formal requests for disaster loans because of the hurricane . 
Yet in Mr. Laband 's rehash of free-market logic , human greed and self-interest are the only permissible psychological reactions . 
`` Underwriters of the TVA bonds reduced their market risk by selling Treasurys to cover at least part of their { TVA } holdings , '' said James R. Capra , a senior vice president at Shearson Lehman Government Securities Inc . 
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . '' 
Some producers seem tentative about the technique , squeamish even . 
Then the short-term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets . 
That rule gives boards of directors wide latitude in deciding how to deal with dissident shareholders . 
But is it realistic for Congress to mandate by a rigid deadline a system that has not yet been subjected to feasibility studies ? 
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . '' 
A small yield premium over comparable Treasurys and a lack of liquidity is hampering dealers ' efforts to drum up interest in the so-called bailout bonds . 
The two sides now are accusing each other of lying . 
The staggering losses cap a tumultuous year for Alan Bond and his flagship , Bond Corp . 
Most of the new additions were barely profitable , if not outright loss makers . 
Kellogg 's current share is believed to be slightly under 40 % while General Mills ' share is about 27 % . 
Our concern for the ozone layer , of course , grows out of the potential for increasing UV-B radiation , which could damage flora and fauna . 
But this week , B.A.T has been hit harder than other big U.K. stocks -- first by the market gyrations , then by Tuesday 's San Francisco earthquake , which could leave B.A.T 's Farmers Group Inc. insurance unit facing big claims . 
However , shedding steel would run directly counter to Mr. Roderick 's original rationale for diversifying into oil and gas : Having two major products would lessen the company 's vulnerability to one market 's down cycle and help smooth out the flow of cash and earnings . 
Line-item veto . 
The roller-coaster stock market is making life tougher for small companies trying to raise money . 
The seniority-list controversy , along with the job-classification dispute , has been turned over to the mediator . 
`` It 's an explosive cocktail '' thrown at the world , says Kenneth Courtis , senior economist at the Tokyo unit of Deutsche Bank Group . 
Many aspects of the agreement were worked out Wednesday in Chicago , when Integrated senior managers met with about 150 representatives . 
The U.S. futures exchanges compete world-wide as never before . 
Indeed , a few economists maintain that global forces will continue to govern Hong Kong 's economic rhythm . 
Only 42 % of last year 's respondents anticipated slowing growth . 
In California , this is the reality . 
Suburban deals are not without their delays and complications -- inner-city deals just have more of them . 
Even White House budget director Richard Darman had trouble finding a silver lining in the report . 
The switch to the London market during such turbulent times is significant . 
Bush is to visit the area today , and officials in Washington estimated that emergency assistance would total at least $ 2.5 billion . 
But there 's another side to Mr. Krenz . 
Mr. Lee says Mr. Deng told him : `` We should not mind those who participated in demonstrations , signed anti-government materials and went on hunger strikes . '' 
The agency declined comment , but said it will continue work until a new agency is chosen . 
In the film classic `` Twelve Angry Men , '' the crucible of deliberations unmasks each juror 's bias and purges it from playing a role in the verdict . 
A spokesman said Amoco completed an environmental analysis last quarter but that no single clean-up project was responsible . 
Transportation Secretary Sam Skinner , who earlier fueled the anti-takeover fires with his quasi-xenophobic attacks on foreign investment in U.S. carriers , now says the bill would further disturb the jittery capital markets . 
The airlines presented it as offering consumers more choice and better flight connections . 
Cie. de Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier said his board unanimously rejected as too low the $ 1.77 billion bid by Cie. Financiere de Paribas to bring its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % . 
The first two GAF trials were watched closely on Wall Street because they were considered to be important tests of the government 's ability to convince a jury of allegations stemming from its insider-trading investigations . 
Polish agriculture will need a whole private network of procurement , processing and distribution -- plus a new manufacturing industry to supply it with tractors , pesticides , fertilizers and feed . 
The closely held supermarket chain named Frank Nicastro vice president and treasurer . 
Do you think the British know something that we do n't ? 
Robert Pierce , chairman and chief executive of Foothills , said it 's too early to say whether Alaskan or Mackenzie delta gas would flow to market first . 
Separately , UniFirst reported that net income rose 21 % to $ 3 million , or 29 cents a share adjusted for the split , for the fourth quarter ended Aug. 26 . 
Third-quarter profits fell at several companies . 
For instance , the most popular index option is the S&P 100 option , commonly called the OEX . 
Assets owned or managed rose 20 % to $ 45 billion , and mutual fund sales rose 45 % in the quarter to $ 923 million . 
And foreign creditors are likely to be more cautious about extending new loans because China is nearing a peak repayment period as many loans start falling due in the next two to five years . 
For more than a decade , Mr. Etzioni , the sociologist , has been a leading critic of the masseurs . 
The Venezuelan currency plummeted this year , making it difficult for auto makers there to afford imported parts . 
He has designed furniture and homes as well as commercial and office space . 
According to Ned Davis , president of Ned Davis Research Inc. in Nokomis , Fla. , the average drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average was about 21 % , and the decrease began an average of six months before a recession officially started . 
Though details were sketchy in the aftermath of the violent earthquake that shook the high-tech corridor along with the rest of the San Francisco Bay area , a spot check of computer makers turned up little , if any , potentially lingering damage to facilities or fabrication equipment . 
But should they spy one , the company will pay a bonus equal to one-third its value . 
Together , Citicorp and Chase received $ 8 million in fees to raise the rest of the financing . 
I saw what he did to them firsthand . 
Now he has settled into a career that fits the bill -- financial planning . 
Seagram closed at $ 84.75 , up 12.5 cents a share in Big Board trading . 
Newell , which declared a 2-for-1 stock split and boosted its quarterly dividend by 14 % , added 7\/8 to 49 3\/8 . 
This summer , speeding bikers were blamed for an accident in the Napa County park , in which a horse -- spooked on a trail that was closed to bikers -- broke its leg . 
In the event that the buy-out group stalls in reviving its bid , the UAL board could remain under some pressure to seek another transaction , even without any legal obligation to do so . 
They 're so busy , '' says one Santa Fe drilling foreman here . 
So this year , the airlines are getting a jump on holiday discounts . 
Hees is a merchant bank controlled by Toronto financiers Peter and Edward Bronfman . 
Analog Devices Inc. said it may purchase as many as one million of its common shares over the next several months . 
Terminals at San Francisco International also were damaged , but the tower itself was intact . 
`` We 've got a lot to do , '' he acknowledged . 
It is unrelated to the much-publicized virus that last year infected Arpanet , a much larger network used by researchers at universities , laboratories and government agencies around the world . 
The August rate was 0.6 percentage point lower than in the like month a year earlier , reflecting the pickup of activity in the 15 countries . 
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms-control treaty is likely to be completed . 
With stocks not a major focus , `` we 're waiting for the next guiding light , '' said Brian J. Fabbri , chief economist at Midland Montagu Securities Inc . 
Now UNESCO apologists are lobbying President Bush to renege on President Reagan 's decision to depart . 
Today , though the public is barely aware , much of U.S. industry , particularly companies manufacturing or selling overseas , have made metrics routine . 
They concede that much of the government meddling that torments them is essential to the public good , and even to their own businesses . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.40 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.325 % 45 to 59 days ; 8.10 % 60 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.85 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.70 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.375 % 180 to 270 days . 
`` It was certainly good to have him handy , '' Mrs. Bobar says . 
The U.S.-Japan Security Treaty can continue , sort of . 
The EC Commission decided that such an accord does n't benefit consumers enough to merit an exemption from antitrust law . 
New York-based John Kuhns and Robert MacDonald control East Rock Partners Inc. , the sole general partner of East Rock Partners L.P . 
On the other hand , only a handful of individual issues were suspended from trading on Friday . 
In that suit , the SEC accused Mr. Antar of engaging in a `` massive financial fraud '' to overstate the earnings of Crazy Eddie , Edison , N.J. , over a three-year period . 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES Corp , Armonk , N.Y. , maker of business machines , NYSE , said flooding caused by broken water pipes closed its San Jose plant , which makes high-end data-storage devices . 
`` That is a minimum figure , and I underscore minimum , '' said House Speaker Thomas Foley ( D. , Wash . ) after conferring with California lawmakers . 
Mr. Parker spins it into a pretty satisfying tale involving Poodle Springs high life , Hollywood low life and various folk who hang their hats in both worlds . 
`` This is the heyday of debt , '' says James Grant , editor of Grant 's Interest Rate Observer , a newsletter . 
Even still , I did feel self-indulgent , and I could n't help remembering my father 's contempt for a rich medical colleague who would go to watch the Tigers on summer afternoons . 
The company 's earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation , which bondholders use a measurement of the chain 's ability to pay its existing debt , increased 11 % in fiscal 1989 to $ 926.1 million from $ 833.6 million . 
There have been some reports that Mr. Krenz is moving to `` soften '' his reputation , notably rumors that it was he who kept East Germany 's state police off protesters ' backs at the country 's dismal 40th anniversary celebrations earlier this month . 
The venture will be based in Indianapolis . 
But the plane boasts a strong core of support in the House , where members are intent on saving Grumman jobs and are worried about potential shortages of carrier-based aircraft by the late 1990s . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
The closing contributed to a $ 3.4 million loss in the fiscal first quarter ended July 31 -- its first quarterly loss since 1974 . 
So far , Mr. Dassault has resisted pressure to change . 
Germany 's trade surplus is largely with other European countries rather than with the U.S. , Mr. Mulford acknowledged . 
In my home region , Latin America , much of the existing infrastructure base -- an important building block for development -- has been financed by the World Bank . 
In an interview with the trade journal Automotive News , Mr. Iacocca declined to say which plants will close or when Chrysler will make the moves . 
Executives universally believe workers should know their employer-sponsored benefits . 
There are also about $ 124 million of 6 1\/2 % bonds priced to yield 7.25 % in 2012 ; about $ 97 million of 6 % bonds priced to yield 7.20 % in 2014 ; and about $ 26.5 million of 5 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2016 . 
The company is a Mexico , Mo. , maker of refractory products . 
In general , markets function well and adjust smoothly to changing economic and financial circumstances . 
Mr. Tucker , 44 years old , is president of Trivest Securities Corp. and senior vice president of Trivest Inc. , closely held investment companies based in Miami . 
Wisconsin Toy Co. said it definitively agreed to acquire closely held Everything 's a Dollar Inc. of Virginia Beach , Va. , for stock currently valued at about $ 4.7 million . 
Typical of other experiments , Mr. Oriani said his experiment was `` very erratic . '' 
In compact and subcompact cars , the bread-and-butter sales generators for Japanese auto makers , Nissan still trails Toyota and Honda . 
Coal earnings rose to $ 26 million from $ 21 million . 
While USAir is n't considered absolutely takeover-proof , its defenses , including the sale in August of a 12 % stake in the company to Mr. Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway , are pretty strong . 
LIT Holdings shares plummeted 36 pence to close at 54 pence ( 85 cents ) , a 40 % drop , on London 's stock exchange . 
Instead , he says , `` they were cautious , and that was n't the message we wanted to deliver '' on Monday . 
Rep. Lee Hamilton ( D. , Ind . ) said he and Rep. Byron Dorgan ( D. , N.D . ) are backing away from their proposal to make the Treasury Secretary a voting member of the Federal Reserve panel that sets monetary policy . 
In West Germany and the Netherlands , insurers are flirting with banks . 
But Panama illustrates that their substitute is a system that produces an absurd gridlock . 
As the report issued by the subcommittee concluded , `` Our government did nothing regarding Gen. Noriega 's drug business and substantial criminal involvement because the first priority was the Contra war . 
The plan would extend the period under which Eagle has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan . 
Over the next three years , public schools will get 1.5 million PCs , a 15-fold increase from current levels . 
Securities-trading operations were moved to Bank of America 's Concord office , and foreign-exchange trading operations were shifted to Los Angeles , the bank said . 
If you bought , you wish you had n't , and if you sold , you wish you had n't . '' 
The American Bankers Association did n't have any comment on the plan . 
There 's also , for instance , the need to be part of the in-crowd . 
The once-staid steel industry is about to be turned topsy-turvy by a 1990s technology revolution . 
The noncallable issue , which can be put back to the province in 2001 , was priced at a spread of 41 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
Mr. Kravis apparently thinks SCI TV can survive if lenders extend its debt payments until TV stations rise in value again , allowing SCI TV to sell assets to pay debt . 
A group bidding for American Medical International Inc. , New York , said it formally received the final financing needed for a $ 3 billion bid for about 86 % of the hospital operator 's stock . 
To get that money , states must go through an elaborate approval process , but officials expect red tape to be cut this time . 
First Meridian and its officials are currently under investigation for possible criminal wrongdoing , according to a spokeswoman for the attorney general . 
Sales of information-processing products and electric parts increased a strong 22 % to 236.23 billion yen from 194.24 billion yen and accounted for 46 % of total sales . 
Over the weekend , McCaw continued to call for an auction of LIN . 
She thinks traders should buy the stock if it tumbles to 35 . 
Dow Jones & Co. recently reported net fell 9.9 % , a reflection , in part , of continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's magazine . 
-- Graduate-student football player . 
And the feature is so new , he adds , that no insurer has yet established a track record for actually making such payments . 
The leader in real estate brand names is developer Ara Hovnanian . 
Workers at Peugeot S.A. 's car plant at Sochaux , in eastern France , voted to end a six-week-old strike that has cost the Peugeot group production of 60,000 automobiles , a company spokesman said . 
It was also in law school that Mr. O'Kicki and his first wife had the first of seven daughters . 
Immunex will contract with the spinoff to provide the research , development and initial testing of the new agents . 
Well , mankind can rest easier for now . 
Spencer J. Volk , president and chief operating officer of this consumer and industrial products company , was elected a director . 
You quote Robert Crandall , chairman of American 's parent , AMR Corp. , as having said that discount deals for big customers would be `` dumb '' because `` you will go to Detroit because you have to go to Detroit whether the fare is $ 175 , $ 275 or $ 375 . '' 
His allotment of materials also did , until the state could n't hold up its end of that bargain . 
Everyone at the Stick that day had started out as a spectator and ended up as a participant . 
Keith A. Tucker was named a director of this insurance and financial services concern . 
For example , copper for December delivery settled 4.5 cents lower at $ 1.2345 a pound . 
The imports , totaling 98.5 million barrels , were 11 % lower than August levels . 
All this has led to prolonged selling in futures , mostly on the part of computer-guided funds . 
( Donald Trinen , an attorney for the penny-brokerage firm , denies the fraud allegations and says the Lyneses were fully apprised that they were pursuing a high-risk investment . ) 
But according to Doug Madison , a corporate trader with Bank of America in Los Angeles , a large number of short positions must first be corrected , spurring a temporary upswing , before the unit can turn lower . 
Now , stock prices seem to be in a general retreat . 
Now the question is : Is Poland ready for it ? 
But Erik Dunlaevy , a sugar analyst with Balfour Maclaine International Ltd. , said the explanation for the latest drop in sugar prices is much simpler : Speculators , he said , `` got too long too soon and ran into resistance around the old contract highs . '' 
Shearson Lehman Hutton declined to comment . 
When Disney offered to pay Mr. Steinberg a premium for his shares , the New York investor did n't demand the company also pay a premium to other shareholders . 
A $ 137.6 million Maryland Stadium Authority sports facilities lease revenue bond issue appeared to be off to a good start . 
`` Most people do just the opposite : They sell their winners and keep their losers . '' 
The company plans to expand plant capacity 50 % by 1991 . 
Lawyers for shareholders , Bally and Mr. Trump all declined to talk publicly about the proposed settlement , citing a request by a federal court magistrate not to reveal details of the agreement until it is completed . 
I have never seen a case of incompetence shared by so many participants . '' 
One of those areas is the development of a hand-held electronic device that would permit floor traders to enter trades as they make them . 
Stock prices , meanwhile , posted significant gains in later trading and closed down by only 3.69 points on the day . 
South Korean government officials said they do n't expect that Seoul can loan money to Warsaw , but it can `` offer experience . '' 
Former Rep. Fernand St Germain , brought down by the savings-and-loan crisis , now represents -- you guessed it -- savings-and-loans associations . 
A sudden , forced cutback by consumers , who normally account for about two-thirds of economic activity , would damp the economy at a time when plant-and-equipment spending is slowing and deficit-racked governments ca n't readily take up the slack . 
In every presidential election over the past half century , except for the Goldwater presidential candidacy , the GOP has captured a greater percentage of the major-party popular vote for president than it has of congressional seats or the popular vote for Congress . 
He said there are two reports this week that might affect prices : the purchasing managers report on Wednesday and the unemployment report on Friday . 
Drexel 's proposed state fines have been based on a state 's population and on the size of Drexel 's business in the state . 
But the growth was partly offset by lower equipment sales and rentals and price cuts on some products . 
The trade group official added : `` Certainly the federal government should take a hard look at it . '' 
For instance , franchisers no longer must pre-register sales to aspiring franchisees who qualify as `` sophisticated purchasers . '' 
The company benefited from continued strong demand and higher selling prices for titanium dioxide , a white pigment used in paints , paper and plastics . 
Not-held orders , which are also known as `` disregard the tape '' orders , are always done at the customer 's risk . 
`` They may be susceptible to some song and dance if it hits them at the right time . '' 
Officials of the state agency did n't have any immediate explanation why the reinforcement did n't hold up . 
The Oakland Athletics won baseball 's World Series , defeating the San Francisco Giants in a four-game sweep . 
One of the hotels , to be called the Sheraton Moscow , will have 450 rooms and will cost an estimated $ 75 million to build . 
Some cut their earnings estimates for the stock this year and predicted more efforts to control costs ahead . 
Because of a lack of information and access , many investors -- including the very ones whose buying power could restore stability and damp volatility -- are forced to stand on the sidelines when they are most needed , because of their ignorance of important market information . 
Few petitions , however , have actually delayed or scuttled mergers . 
Neither of the two chemists whose Utah experiments triggered the cold fusion uproar , Martin Fleischmann and B. Stanley Pons , were at the meeting . 
The most popular style is the stretched `` Family , '' which resembles a Ford Bronco or Chevy Blazer . 
NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORP. , Santa Clara , semiconductor maker , annual sales of $ 1.65 billion , NYSE , said it had no major structural damage at its 30 Bay-area buildings , but two workers were injured . 
The company said fiscal 1989 revenue increased about 30 % to more than $ 32 million from $ 25.3 million . 
Was there a fiduciary breach in order to obtain personal gain ? 
Buoyed by the continued inflows into money funds , assets of all mutual funds swelled to a record $ 953.8 billion in September , up fractionally from $ 949.3 billion in August . 
Donaldson Lufkin would n't comment . 
Also , he and Mr. Stein were ordered to make restitution of $ 35,000 to a customer . 
Traders said these issues need large-volume buying to push up their prices , so substantial gains are n't likely unless institutional investors participate . 
For the week , the index dropped 3.8 % . 
A minute later it soared 128 points , then zoomed back down 113 points , 69 below Friday 's close . 
A disheveled , roly-poly son of a Long Island potato farmer , Mr. Lynch is a veteran union organizer who worked on the presidential campaigns of Sen. Edward Kennedy and Mr. Jackson . 
I 'm thinking about using the $ 871 annual premium to finance a trip to Paris first . 
The government had fallen $ 300 million behind in interest payments . 
In contrast , sell limit orders must be placed above the market price and buy limit orders are placed below . 
According to the report , completed last month , if China 's trade gap continues to widen at the pace seen in the first seven months of this year , the reserves would be wiped out either in 1990 or 1991 . 
And , with those contacts in place , it could be relatively simple to add Aer Lingus and GPA to the team . 
The regional Federal Reserve Bank setup , for instance , may be out of date . 
`` There 's a strong sense among the martini set that there 's more { bad news } to come , '' asserts Roger Yates , chief investment officer at Morgan Grenfell Asset Management . 
But the spokesman confirmed that Saatchi has received several inquiries from companies interested in acquiring its Campbell-Mithun and Rowland units . 
His observations were taken seriously . 
Actually , it was down only a few points at the time . 
Speaking to reporters this week after Bank Bumiputra 's shareholders approved a rescue plan , Tan Sri Basir said heavy lending to the property sector rocked the bank when property prices in Malaysia plummeted in 1984-85 . 
`` The days when when the thrust of casinos was all high rollers , with no windows and clocks and lots of red and black decor , are gone , '' Mr. Sain of the visitors ' bureau says . 
All the preferred stock is held by the Yukon Office Supply Stock Ownership Plan . 
As directed by the board , NASA completed the evaluation and again chose CSC . 
`` The proper climatic conditions do n't exist in many places in the world . '' 
Intel Corp. , Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and National Semiconductor Corp. were all up and running yesterday , though many workers were forced to stay home because of damaged roadways ; others elected to take the day off . 
The official stressed that the PLO has n't rejected the five-point formula . 
`` If a salesman jeopardizes his credibility in this time of trouble , it will be a problem for the long run , '' says George Palmatier , a Minden , Nev. , sales consultant and author of `` The Marketing Edge . '' 
His recommendation was rejected by the government . 
Raymond E. Ross , 53 years old , formerly group vice president , U.S. plastics machinery , at this machine tool , plastics machinery and robots concern , was named senior vice president , industrial systems , succeeding David A. Entrekin , who resigned Monday . 
Their protest was ignored . 
Bill Murphy , director of the new marketing unit , said Meredith is negotiating other large-scale packages with leading companies in several product categories , but he would n't disclose their names . 
Much of its attention was spent fighting organized labor 's initiatives on issues the small-business community traditionally opposes -- from raising state minimum wage levels to mandating benefits in health plans . 
Mortgage-backed securities were up less than 1\/8 point and investment-grade corporate bonds were unchanged . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Trinova closed at $ 32.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
But Dr. Fraumeni , one of the authors of the report , said `` the declining rates we 're seeing for younger people we believe may be a harbinger of declining mortality in the future . '' 
Anti-nuclear activists have protested the launch of the Galileo space probe to Jupiter because it uses plutonium to generate the electricity needed to run the craft . 
Declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outpaced advancers , 1,012 to 501 . 
Like Lebanon , and however unfairly , Israel is regarded by the Arab world as a colonial aberration . 
Judge Leval reluctantly concluded that a few of Mr. Miller 's quotations from Mr. Hubbard 's unpublished writings , because they were not necessary to prove historical points , failed the fair-use test and therefore infringed copyright . 
We must not shirk our responsibility and we can not just blame the demonstrators . '' 
U.K. base rates are at their highest level in eight years . 
As a result , the Japanese people did n't know what to expect when the new law was introduced on April 1 . 
William J. Montgoris , chief financial officer , defended the lofty salaries at Bear Stearns . 
Nora Worth and Malcolm DeWitt , 33 and 39 respectively , live together in a townhouse in a transitional Philadelphia neighborhood . 
Given China 's far-from-conciliatory statements to its own people , Mr. Bush may be unable to prevent new sanctions . 
Why has it taken people so long for people to understand pediatric AIDS is a major problem ? '' asked Helen Kushnick , whose son Samuel died six years ago at age three , victim of a tainted transfusion . 
But Conner is n't standing still . 
If the judge is impeached , as is thought likely , he will be removed from office immediately . 
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons . 
The high court 's decision , expected next spring , may affect the stability of many large corporate pension plans that have relied on the availability of pension insurance provided by the federal pension regulatory and insurance agency . 
`` To the professionals in the trade it did n't cause much surprise . 
The standoff over abortion is certain to contribute to further delays and , apart from the health and education measure vetoed by Mr. Bush , bills funding the District of Columbia and the entire U.S. foreign-aid budget are in jeopardy because of related abortion or family-planning issues . 
There , on one of his first shopping trips , Mr. Paul picked up several paintings at stunning prices . 
The rally brought the gain so far this week to about 114 points . 
Many middle-class people would love free food , Medicaid insurance , utilities and rent . 
The limit could range from three years to seven years , depending on the composition of the management team and the nature of its strategic plan . 
It 's difficult to be that consistently wrong . '' 
`` I thought the probabilities of { a bidding war } happening were less , '' he says . 
And some even do it with malice aforethought . 
Never mind that her husband prefers Crest . 
`` I guess I was naive , '' he said . 
Thus , the IRS says , the Blandings ' $ 200,000 loan is home-acquisition debt , and interest on it is fully deductible . 
Foresight 
Its third-quarter earnings more than doubled from a year earlier and exceeded analysts ' expectations . 
Robert Kornreich , an attorney for the Telerate holders , told Judge Hartnett the Dow Jones offer is `` arrogant '' and `` hostile . '' 
`` It may not be weeks or months , but they are also opportunistic and if they feel comfortable , they will move on a deal , '' he said . 
And the researchers themselves acknowledged they still must do much more work before they can say whether the treatment would actually cure humans . 
It seems to me we 're not really going to get anywhere until we can take the criminality out of the drug business and the incentives for criminality out of it . 
Pressure came from several developments including the settlement of two long-term strikes . 
About 10 % to 15 % of members at Atlanta 's Holiday Espre Center are elderly , says Gerald Williams , fitness consultant . 
But Charlie Howley , vice president in charge of OTC trading at SoundView Financial in Stamford , Conn. , said the selling was orderly . 
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months . 
It did not make sense to offer unsecured paper in an unsettling market . '' 
Junk bond prices moved higher , however . 
New Jersey Turnpike Authority 's 7.20 % issue of 2018 was up 3\/8 at 98 3\/8 bid to yield about 7.32 % , down 0.03 percentage point . 
Despite the current outcry over stock market volatility , few people expect stock futures to disappear . 
`` We do n't want to bring back something the members will reject . '' 
In terms of diversions , Denver 's Stapleton International may have experienced the most far-flung : A United flight from Japan was rerouted there . 
`` They have to work such long hours and then we expect them to be heroes if there 's an evacuation . '' 
In fact , the donors sometimes might be better off giving the money to the panhandler : at least he has no overhead , and he might even be telling the truth . 
If things have n't worked out that well , and sales wo n't hit $ 200 million until 1992 , it 's time to consider selling , he says . 
Certainly conservative environmentalists can defend their limited government position by differentiating between Old Environmentalism and New Environmentalism ( `` Journalists and Others for Saving the Planet , '' by David Brooks , editorial page , Oct. 5 ) . 
Economists expect consumer food prices to jump 5.5 % this year to the highest level since 1980 and up from last year 's 4.1 % rise . 
The usually cautious giant will become the majority owner of the company that owns New York 's beloved Rockefeller Center at a time when tensions over Japanese purchases of U.S. property are at an all-time high . 
The bonds have received a rating of double-A-1 from Moody 's , and a double-A-plus rating is expected from S&P , the underwriter said . 
Details of credit enhancements vary widely from issue to issue . 
Oregon 's rate will rise to $ 4.75 an hour , the nation 's highest , in Jan. 1 , 1991 . 
This is n't the quiet economic science practiced in the universities . 
And powerful political pressures may convince the Conservative government to keep its so-called golden share , which limits any individual holding to 15 % , until the restriction expires on Dec. 31 , 1990 . 
Although you may have forgotten , public opinion about Gen. Noriega is where it is in large measure because of my investigation of his years of involvement in narcotics smuggling ( and simultaneous work as a U.S. operative ) . 
Other cases go to show that an old saw still applies : If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is . 
On the life insurance side , Pearl Group finished 5 lower at 640 , and Sun Life dropped 15 to # 11.53 . 
In any new proposal , British Air would expect a greater rate of return than the 20%-plus in the original proposal . 
It argues , as does Unice , that labor relations are best left to be regulated at the national level . 
Kemper Financial Services has stopped executing its stock trades through four big securities firms because of their involvement in program trading , which Kemper and others say is ruining the market . 
Air traffic at San Francisco International Airport was running about 50 % of normal yesterday afternoon , but airport officals said they expect a return to full operations by Saturday . 
Northeast 's previous offer had proposed that equity holders receive just $ 165 million . 
Industry analysts in Europe said the most likely suitor for Saab now is Fiat . 
Commonwealth leaders turned to issues ranging from drugs to the world economy after Zimbabwe 's President Mugabe called Thatcher 's views on South Africa `` despicable . '' 
As there is an effort to `` anchor the dollar '' either to gold or other currencies , the dispute is worth examining . 
The British prime minister was the only woman singled out by respondents , who put Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev in second place ... . 
Proceeds of the offering will be used to redeem C$ 264 million of preferred shares and to reduce short-term debt , the company said . 
In 1979 , the pair split the company in half , with Walter and his son , Sam , agreeing to operate under the Merksamer Jewelery name . 
Four of the planes were purchased by International Lease from Singapore Airlines in a previously announced transaction . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
For example , although insider trading has long been criminal , it has never been statutorily defined . 
But Nora and Malcolm feel trapped . 
The company said it expects to release third-quarter results in mid-November . 
But it all evens out , It 's so easy to see : Not till the last moment Am I paid what 's due me . 
But SONG founder Jeremy Kahn , a Harvard junior , thinks of nerds and geeks more as `` nonconformists , '' albeit with a studious bent . 
It reduces lawsuits from disgruntled employees and ex-employees , with all that means for reduced legal costs and better public relations . 
Within a matter of weeks , less-conservative magazines reported that members of the ruling LDP had received much larger donations from pachinko organizations . 
r - Revised . 
The Orange Workers speak sincerely . 
In response to the letters , Mr. Thomson usually sends an autographed photo with a polite note , and rarely arranges a rendezvous . 
`` I was always going to do it tomorrow , '' he explained at the time . 
The combined value of daily equity trading on the New York Exchange , the American Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ over-the-counter market ranges between $ 7 billion and $ 10 billion . 
`` It 's truly entrepreneurial . 
They added that `` all of us ( Cocom members ) look at the changes in Hungary and Poland in a positive way , but a question of this scope deserves further discussion and study . '' 
Estimated volume was 3.5 million ounces . 
The board estimated that the cost of building a pipeline from the Mackenzie delta to Alberta would be about C$ 5.9 million . 
Remember that it took Mr. Mengistu many months , in what became known as the `` creeping coup , '' to topple Emperor Haile Selassie in 1974 and 1975 . 
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well-hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall . 
The transaction called for Mr. Murdoch 's News International PLC , a unit of Australia-based News Corp. , to subscribe to a rights issue by Zeta valued at 6.65 billion pesetas ( $ 57 million ) . 
But top management should watch for other tell-tale signs of employee misdeeds , like expense-account fudging and phone misuse . 
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff . 
Moreover , BankAmerica continued to build its reserve against troubled foreign loans by boosting its loan-loss provision to $ 170 million , about the same as the previous quarter but well above the $ 100 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
In recent weeks Mr. Merksamer has approached a number of his suppliers and asked them to provide letters of intent saying they will continue shipping merchandise to the chain following the buy-out , say those familiar with the situation . 
But that was off less than at midyear , when completions lagged by 27.1 % . 
The companies earlier said they did n't want to raise their offer to match a rival bid by Institut Merieux S.A. of C$ 37 a share , or C$ 942 million . 
Already , ruling Liberal Democratic Party demands that opposition members testify under oath in parliament have stalled one budget committee session and forced the committee to plan a special two-day investigation at the end of the month . 
Concord Camera Corp. completed the acquisition of Peter Bauser G.m.b . H. , a West German photographic products distributor . 
Hydro-Quebec said it notified Central Maine Power Co. it will cancel a $ 4 billion contract to supply electricity to the Maine utility . 
`` There 's no question it will make LBOs more expensive , '' he said . 
ABC 's hurdle was even higher this year with two teams from the same area . 
The British satirical magazine Private Eye won an appeal against the size of a $ 960,000 libel award to Sonia Sutcliffe , the estranged wife of the `` Yorkshire Ripper '' mass murderer . 
West Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was at 99.95 late yesterday , off 0.10 point from Monday , to yield 7.01 % . 
`` It would also help us in our search for equity partners . 
Carbide , like other companies with a heavy reliance on the so-called commodity end of the chemicals industry , was expected to post earnings sharply lower than in an exceptionally strong 1988 third quarter . 
Convex closed in over-the-counter trading on Friday at $ 15.375 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
The cumulative total in 1989 was 12,283,217 tons , up 7.5 % from 11,429,243 tons a year earlier . 
The treatment turned Trelleborg into one of Scandinavia 's biggest and fastest-growing industrial concerns . 
Demonstrations are particularly apt to degenerate into criminal conduct when they leave the site of the grievance and become mobile . 
The figures include $ 15 million in costs related to a blast furnace outage and $ 8 million in losses from unauthorized work outages at the company 's coal operations . 
Mr. West cites the Federal Communications Commission and its standards for telecommunications equipment : `` They monitor product quality and prevent junk from flooding the market . '' 
As part of its restructuring several years ago , Exxon moved most of those out of the city and sold its 53-floor Rockefeller Center skyscraper to a Japanese company . 
In March , American Medical received a $ 24-a-share offer to take the company private from an investor group including large holder M. Lee Pearce . 
Normally , Sotheby 's would have earned 20 % of the total in commissions . 
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
AN AUSTIN , Texas , company plans to make it easy for you show up in court a thousand miles away without leaving town . 
The solicitation material indicates that donations will go toward a campaign alerting and informing the public about some health or other issue . 
Big indexer Bankers Trust Co. also uses futures in a strategy that on average has added one percentage point to its enhanced fund 's returns . 
Unlike the earlier U.S. farm-trade proposal which struck European countries as too extreme , the latest plan would provide some room for maneuver . 
Some projections show Mexico importing crude by the end of the century , barring an overhaul of operations . 
Mr. McKinney , 50 years old , was chairman and chief executive of American Fletcher Corp. , Indianapolis , when that bank holding company merged into Banc One in January 1987 . 
Mr. Noriega had learned that a local union leader was sleeping with the wife of his deputy . 
BORLAND INTERNATIONAL , Scotts Valley , personal computer and software designer , annual sales of $ 72 million , had heavy damage to its headquarters and was conducting business from its parking lot . 
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . '' 
The wounds from the 1987 crash have n't yet healed , and not all claims against the exchange clearinghouse -- by those who bet the Hang Seng index would fall -- have been settled . 
Most recently , a lack of buyers has been added to the list . 
If there is n't a recession , he said , `` we will be out of copper by the end of March . 
Other major players in intimate apparel apparently feel the same way . 
The most ruthless dictatorships have not censored their press more brutally than the drug mafias censor Colombia 's . 
In Tokyo Monday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.70 yen , down from Friday 's Tokyo close of 142.75 yen . 
Sales of health-care products increased 6 % in the third quarter , based in part on strong sales of prescription drugs such as Premarin , an estrogen-replacement drug , and sales of the company 's infant formula . 
Among the possible suitors is Italy 's Fiat S.p . A , analysts said last week . 
And so our institutions of higher learning lurch from scandal to scandal on gridiron and basketball court , while the casualties mount . 
But Mrs. Park acknowledges that even if the policies work to slow or stop speculation , apartment prices are unlikely to go down . 
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why . 
`` But how many more times we 're going to feel good in the next 15 is another question . '' 
Failure of U.S. equipment makers , IBM fears , would leave it dependent on many of the Japanese companies that compete with it in other parts of the market . 
An inflation gauge that measures the quarterly change in prices of an array of goods and services slowed its growth to a 2.9 % annual rate in the third quarter from 5 % in the second . 
Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding . 
Sale of Saatchi Unit Close 
So if anything happened to me , I 'd want to leave behind enough so that my 33-year-old husband would be able to pay off the mortgage and some other debts ( though not , I admit , enough to put any potential second wife in the lap of luxury ) . 
But the firm has never had a day like yesterday . 
According to a source at the East Europe desk , two previously convicted felons were charged , tried , convicted and sentenced to prison terms of four and 12 years . 
Employee-benefit specialists drew a collective sigh of relief in early October when the Labor Department backed away from a proposal that companies let former employees and beneficiaries -- along with active workers -- borrow against balances in 401 ( k ) and similar savings plans . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
Far from promoting a commonality of interests among black , white , Hispanic and other minority voters , drawing the district lines according to race suggests that race is the voter 's and the candidate 's most important trait . 
Mr. Jordan has served as executive director of the United Negro College Fund , director of the Voter Education Project of the Southern Regional Council and attorney-consultant to the U.S. Office of Economic Opportunity . 
I got home , let the dogs into the house and noticed some sounds above my head , as if someone were walking on the roof , or upstairs . 
Moreover , because no one knows for sure just when a recession is coming , some analysts think investors should n't even worry too much about timing . 
Pilgrim had been closed for 32 months . 
The proposed acquisition will be subject to approval by the Interstate Commerce Commission , Soo Line said . 
$ 350 million of senior subordinated debentures , due Nov. 1 , 2004 , was priced at par to yield 12 7\/8 % . 
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes . 
Competition and mounting insurance and equipment costs have been the undoing of many resorts . 
Eliminating the earnings limit would greatly help seniors and reduce the deficit . 
You just call your broker and say `` buy '' or `` sell . '' 
But quite a few money managers are n't buying it . 
But airlines say it would be too expensive and cause too many delays if they started using computerized scanners to check tickets at the gate . 
Poland produces about 20 times more soot and five times more sulfur dioxide and solid waste per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe . 
Swedish National Radio reports that about $ 40 million -- nearly 3 % of the total contract -- was paid by Bofors as commissions to middlemen . 
For one thing , buildings there tend to be newer and , thus , in step with the latest safety codes . 
Why is this happening ? 
Mr. Angell is incorrect when he states that the Soviet Union 's large gold reserves would give it `` great power to establish credibility . '' 
Underwriters insist these issues are constructed to withstand extremely tough economic conditions . 
Last November , a federal grand jury indicted GE on charges of fraud and false claims in connection with an alleged scheme to defraud the Army of $ 21 million on a logistics computer contract . 
But he estimated that a raider would have been able to amass no more than 4 % of the shares in recent months . 
Dr. Yonehara and his partner , Nobuyuki Kobayashi of Yamaguchi University , said their experiments showed that the antibody wiped out an average of 60 % of AIDS-infected cells within three days . 
He wants stocks whose price\/earnings ratio is less than their growth rate ; as he figures it , H&R Block does n't even come close . 
Along the way , Mr. Tharp omitted a total of $ 1.5 million from his receipts reported on federal tax returns for three years . 
`` Every department store in Japan is taking a look , '' says Mike Allen , a retail analyst at Barclay 's de Zoete Wedd Securities ( Japan ) Ltd . 
The only difference is , in those cities the poor are housed in high-rise-project apartments each consisting of one room , with rusty pipes called plumbing , rodents and cockroaches everywhere and nonworking elevators -- and with the building patrolled by gangs and drug dealers . 
The successful launch continues a remarkable recovery in the U.S. space-science program . 
MORGAN STANLEY , THE ONCE STODGY investment house , in 1974 helped a corporate client complete a hostile takeover . 
Seattle 's license fees for adult peep shows vary from those for other coin-operated amusements without serving a substantial government interest and are unconstitutional , the ninth-circuit appeals court holds for Acorn Investments Inc . 
The Canadian government auctioned 750 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 637.5 million ) of 9.25 % bonds due Dec. 15 , 1994 . 
In the past year , Derby International Corp. , Luxembourg , has acquired such major brands as Peugeot , Raleigh and Nishiki . 
NICHOLS INSTITUTE declared a 2-for-1 split of its common stock , payable Nov. 27 to stock of record Nov. 10 . 
So far though , no one -- not even former U.S. attorney Giuliani -- has been able to pinpoint just what law Mr. Dinkins has broken or just what tax he has evaded . 
Moreover , the old contract was about to expire , and the lineup of Guber Peters pictures for Warner was n't as strong as it is now . 
Old Environmentalism involved microbe hunters and sanitationists . 
In an interview Wednesday with Dow Jones Professional Investor Report , Mr. Stevens said , `` We 're in no way committed to a deal going through at all . 
Though it is still doing stock-index arbitrage trades for customers , Morgan Stanley 's trading halt for its own account is likely to shake up firms such as Kidder , Peabody & Co. that still do such trades for their own account . 
Its cash-or-shares bid values Navigation Mixte at about 22.82 billion francs ( $ 3.62 billion ) , making this one of France 's largest-ever attempted takeovers . 
Many women may even see the dead embryo they have expelled , a sight the surgical-abortion industry typically spares them . 
Zero-coupon CDs are only a small portion of the $ 1 trillion-plus in CDs outstanding , and those purchased on the secondary market are an even smaller part of the total . 
Among the company 's current efforts : repairing old parts at 25 % of the cost of replacing them . 
`` I do n't believe in the airline business you can be totally laissez-faire because of the high degree of public interest '' at stake . 
`` The quality of earnings was n't as high as I expected , '' said Eric Philo , an analyst for Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
`` At this point , the minimill capacity wo n't make a great dent in the integrated market , but it does challenge them to develop new markets , '' says James McCall , vice president , materials , at Battelle , a technology and management-research giant based in Columbus , Ohio . 
The Poles have had it all along . 
As smaller and more powerful computers continue to be the focus of the industry , he said , Western Digital is strengthening development of laptop parts . 
But let us not confuse profits of big business masquerading as concerns for people 's health care or for the cost . 
ERC Corp. rose 7\/8 to 12 . 
She thought I was n't getting my practicing done . '' 
On a pro forma basis , including all of Warner 's earnings , Time Warner had a third-quarter loss of $ 217 million , compared with a $ 342 million loss a year earlier . 
That , he said , is why Unisys is overhauling its whole business : It needs to prepare for a world in which profit margins will be lower than computer companies have been used to . 
They insist that CFCs are damaging the earth 's stratospheric ozone layer , which screens out some of the sun 's ultraviolet rays . 
Although air-traffic delays in San Francisco were significant yesterday , they did n't appear to spread to other airports . 
Terms were not disclosed . 
The agreement also calls for General Electric Pension , a unit of General Electric Co. , to receive as much as 10 % of Color Systems ' fully diluted common stock , depending on the proceeds from the sale of the AEI Film Library and its receivables . 
Mr. Conlon was executive vice president and director of the equity division of the international division of Nikko Securities Co . 
`` We saw good retail demand by small banks , individuals and institutions and that is one reason why the market advanced '' late in the day , said Sung Won Sohn , senior vice president and chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis . 
Most of all though , the show is redeemed by the character of Mancuso . 
Switzerland 's most famous raider says he is n't one . 
A Modern Healthcare magazine article says 40 % of surveyed executives admitted falling asleep during formal presentations ... . 
The bank 's medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries total $ 293 million , of which $ 146 million are n't accruing interest , the bank said . 
Through the first nine months of the year , Kidder ranks a distant 10th among underwriters of U.S. stocks and bonds , with a 2.8 % market share , up slightly from 2.5 % in the year-earlier period , according to Securities Data Co . 
The safety board will begin four days of hearings on the accident tomorrow in Sioux City . 
Among composite insurers , General Accident rose 10 pence to # 10.03 ( $ 15.80 ) a share , Guardian Royal climbed 5 to 217 pence , Sun Alliance rose 3 to 290 , and Royal Insurance jumped 12 to 450 . 
Robert M. Jelenic , 39 , was named president and chief operating officer of this closely held publisher . 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
Some of our best and most idiosyncratic film makers -- from Truffaut to Fellini to Woody Allen -- have taken a cue from Chekhov : When it comes to compelling drama , there 's no place like home . 
Mr. Phillips made his comments during an interview detailing his plans for the agency . 
And Japan Air Lines said it plans to boost its rates a further 25 % over the next two years . 
Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa Director , External Affairs The World Bank 
Also , he notes , `` most corporate bonds are callable . '' 
Brockville is about 100 miles east of Toronto . 
Van Nghe quickly made influential enemies . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
Most will stay open late Saturday night and open their doors again Sunday . 
In an international buying spree that began barely two years ago , Mr. Paul amassed a collection of about 30 pre-18th-century works , including the Preti , at a total cost of $ 28 million . 
The $ 500 million in notes , the largest chunk of Western Union 's $ 640 million in long-term debt , stems from the company 's major restructuring in December 1987 . 
San Franciscans have a much higher incidence of audits than average because more of them score high under that formula , not because IRS agents envy their life styles . 
According to industry executives , Peter Sutherland , a former European Community commissioner from Ireland , was also a serious contender for the American Express job . 
The technology group is also split between large companies and small , with the biggest stocks trading as blue-chip issues in the institutional marketplace , while the smaller stocks churn on their individual merits or faults , analysts say . 
The new nonstop flights , starting next May , will include Chicago-Warsaw , Chicago-Helsinki , Miami-Madrid , Dallas-Barcelona , a second daily Chicago-Paris flight and a second daily Chicago-Manchester flight , the officials said . 
Is an American Secretary of State seriously suggesting that the Khmer Rouge should help govern Cambodia ? 
The Soviets have a world-leading space program , the guests noted . 
Great Western Financial lost 1 1\/8 to 20 1\/2 on 1.6 million shares , Golden West Financial dropped 1 1\/4 to 28 1\/2 and H.F. Ahmanson dipped 5\/8 to 21 1\/4 . 
A shareholder filed suit , seeking to block Unitel Video Inc. 's proposed plan to be acquired by a new affiliate of closely held Kenmare Capital Corp. for $ 15 a share , or $ 33.6 million . 
Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua . 
`` The merger is proceeding according to plan , except as to the withdrawal of the Deloitte U.K. firm , '' he said . 
Terms include a royalty arrangement , but details were n't disclosed . 
`` But new managers will have to be creators and innovators ... and for that purpose it is necessary to create an environment where information from both inside and outside the company can be reached easily , and also shared . '' 
For example , while the laws on individual labor activity allow a citizen to earn a living independent of the state , strict provisions are attached on how far this may lead to the development of a free market . 
The service did n't identify its Tokyu sources . 
This has been widely dubbed the BART Series , after the local subway line , and the Bay Bridge Series . 
And neither Democrats nor Republicans are predicting that the capital-gains forces can produce enough votes . 
The National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , had its record-breaking 68-week reign as the prime-time ratings leader snapped yesterday by ABC-TV , a subsidiary of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc . 
Already , the stolen tickets have been used for flights all over the world . 
Whether desirable or not , this is a child-care program , not an educational program . 
Some of the associations have recommended Dr. Alan D. Lourie , 54 , a former patent agent with a doctorate in organic chemistry who now is associate general counsel with SmithKline Beckman Corp. in Philadelphia . 
They have a life of their own and can be counted on to look good and perform whenever a cast is n't up to either . 
`` We are n't forced sellers . 
Nobody knows how many billions of dollars the Americans With Disabilities Act will cost , because nobody knows what the bill entails . 
He remains chairman , but wields little power at the company . 
Other changes , including easing restrictions on travel for East Germans , are expected . 
Analysts noted that the disappointing results do n't reflect lower prices for steel products . 
A major chunk of the $ 2 billion is expected to be eaten up by overtime for city workers deployed in the emergency , said a spokesman for Mr. Agnos . 
Beacon Hill is for `` move-up '' town houses , and Nob Hill , for single-family houses . 
Referring to the chairmen of the Senate and House tax-writing committees , he adds , `` Next year , every special-interest group is going to be there knocking on Lloyd Bentsen 's door , on Danny Rostenkowski 's door . '' 
Walt Disney Co. 's Disneyland in Anaheim , Calif. , stocks rescue equipment , medical supplies , and enough food and water to feed at least 10,000 visitors for as long as five days in the event that a calamity isolates the theme park . 
December silver eased 2.7 cents an ounce to $ 5.133 . 
But even though NATO negotiators have only 10 months left under the Bush timetable , they are still wrestling over such seemingly fundamental questions as `` What is a tank ? '' 
Federal 's employees work long hours and seem to thrive on the stress of racing the clock . 
Now they realize magazines are as much a franchise as Nabisco is a franchise . 
Another major firm has cut 6,000 workers , 13 % of its staff , since Black Monday . 
Some dealers note that while the third-quarter figures may appear relatively bullish -- the market consensus calls for a 2.5 % annual growth rate , unchanged from the second-quarter rate -- it would take a significantly stronger figure to alter market perceptions that the economy is softening . 
But despite the credit enhancements , despite the high ratings , some money managers still worry that a recession could wreak havoc on the underlying assets . 
Seats are currently quoted at $ 425,000 bid and $ 475,000 offered . 
But he said he is prepared to testify that executives of Lincoln and its parent corporation got unusually high salaries and frequent calls directing them to make specific contributions . 
A face-to-face meeting with Mr. Gorbachev should damp such criticism , though it will hardly eliminate it . 
Campbell-Mithun-Esty , for example , has had big problems at its New York office , but offers strong offices in other areas of the country , including Minneapolis and Chicago . 
Another arbitrator is hearing another pay parity case between Eastern and its pilots , resulting from a similar set of circumstances involving a separate pay raise granted another union . 
What 's happening here is n't justified by the fundamentals . '' 
But the new guidelines could prevent scientists like Prof. Schimmel from being involved with start-ups such as Amira , venture capitalists point out . 
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share . 
But the companies said that Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents will market GRE life insurance , pension and investment products through its more than 1,000 retail outlets in the U.K . 
Many retailers fear a price war will erupt if cash-strapped companies such as Campeau Corp. slash tags to spur sales . 
The two companies , both based in San Juan , will form a bank holding company with assets of just over $ 9 billion . 
Some may try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities . 
Furthermore , his actions imply that it is too damaging or costly for society to provide jobs through power-plant construction , coal mining or to build roads for public safety because of the adverse impact on the environment , but it is just fine and dandy for him to transform a mountain high in the Wasatch Range into a ski resort . 
They now are experimenting with measuring blood flow . 
Do n't Linger 
The Pentagon is a haunted house . 
Mr. Williams said the exercise price is $ 125 , meaning holders would have the right to buy $ 250 of Rubbermaid stock for half price , diluting the investor 's 25 % stake . 
Yesterday 's floor action came as a House-Senate conference approved a nearly $ 8.5 billion fiscal 1990 military construction bill , representing a 5 % reduction from last year and making severe cuts from Pentagon requests for installations abroad . 
The market changed , he adds . 
`` Under the best circumstances such tests are subjective ; when a patient is unconscious , they do n't work at all . 
The third principal in the South Gardens adventure did have garden experience . 
That announcement was roundly criticized by Mayor Koch -- who has endorsed Mr. Dinkins -- because the city faces a garbage crisis and has already spent $ 5 million planning for an incinerator that would be scrapped under Mr. Dinkins 's proposal . 
Nelson Holdings International Ltd. dropped the most on a percentage basis , to 1,000 shares from 255,923 . 
Howard Rubel , an analyst with C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc. in New York , said the shift reflects Boeing confidence in Mr. Pinick , described by Mr. Rubel as an expert on doing business with the military . 
But , IRS private ruling 8940061 notes , no rule or court case bears directly on the issue of adding land to a principal residence . 
Mr. Dorfman states that an investor who invested $ 100,000 a year ago in the first four stocks selected by your pros and then sold those one month later , purchasing the four new pro picks , and repeated this process for the year would have accumulated $ 166,537 , excluding account dividends , taxes and commissions . 
Garry Kasparov went to combat Sunday with the world 's most advanced chess computer and kicked it around -- symbolically , anyway -- like an old tin can . 
`` I always thought of this as a thing that could always be done tomorrow , '' he said at the time . 
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted . 
But observers expect broad support . 
Douglas B. Evans 
Procter & Gamble went down 3 1\/2 to 130 , Dow Jones fell 3 1\/2 to 37 1\/2 and Rockwell International dropped 2 1\/8 to 25 . 
That ratio is dangerously close to the ratio of 19.7 that prevailed before the 1987 stock-market crash , Mr. Arbel says . 
Revenue increased 22 % to $ 2.5 billion from $ 2.1 billion . 
`` The name Classic Coke has tremendous value , and they have n't merchandised that name before , '' says Jesse Meyers , publisher of the trade journal Beverage Digest . 
By late last night , Globe Managing Editor Thomas Mulvoy , bending to the will of his troops , scrapped the new drawings . 
He said there was n't any way to detect the flaw at that time , and that the process has since been changed to decrease the chance that such flaws would occur . 
The company attributed the decline to weakness in the commercial-switch market in North America and in the European appliance-controls market . 
Satisfying its interests was a priority for any Panamanian leader . 
Amtech , which also provides technical temporary employment services to aerospace , defense , computer and high-tech companies in the Southwest and Baltimore-Washington areas , said its final audited results are due in late November . 
`` Pickin ' one or two , '' says the guide , chuckling . 
So , some see a special irony in the fact that Mr. Steinhardt , the trader , now is encumbered with a massive , illiquid airline holding . 
The couple could n't be reached for comment and apparently have left Rockford , law enforcement officials report . 
This is written to correct a misquotation in your Oct. 3 article `` Deaths From Advanced Colon Cancer Can Be Reduced by Using Two Drugs . '' 
Underwriting does n't get under way until after morning tea at 10 a.m . 
The Flamingo Hilton , Imperial Palace , Frontier and others are pouring millions of dollars into facelifts , new room towers and casino floor space just to keep up . 
`` I 'm not sure what 's going to happen , '' he said . 
Japan 's marathon economy , growing at 4.3 % this year , is now in its 35th month of expansion , and some economists are betting that the boom will outlast the record 57-month expansion in the late 1960s . 
Now that a key member of the San Diego Yacht Club team is splitting off to form his own team , even more competition lies ahead . 
Derek Stevens , British Air 's chief financial officer , told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report a price of $ 230 a share is `` certainly not too low , '' and indicated his company would like to reduce the size of its $ 750 million cash investment . 
The White House said Bush is conferring with leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee to ease differences over guidelines for CIA agents . 
`` People have been seeing headline after headline after headline and saying : ` I ca n't take it anymore -- I 'm getting out , ' '' says Kurt Brouwer of Brouwer & Janachowski , a San Francisco investment adviser . 
But Mr. Monsky sees much bigger changes ahead . 
He received $ 724,579 for the shares , according to insider filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Propylene glycols are used in making personal-care products such as shampoo , and urethane polyols are used in making the polyurethane foam found in furniture cushioning and other products . 
WITHHOLDING RULES : 
Quebecor will own 57.5 % of the new subsidiary . 
I trusted in his lordship 's wisdom ... . 
Half of those surveyed said they simply walk these days for exercise . 
But once the new securities are digested , they expect investors to focus on the weak economic data . 
A sharp reduction in inflation was by far the brightest spot in the report on the real gross national product -- the inflation-adjusted market value of all the goods and services the economy produced . 
Both the pilots and machinists have made it clear that they intend to block any transaction they do n't like . 
M. Anthony Burns , Ryder 's chairman and chief executive officer , said : `` We 're constantly trying to find ways to regain the earnings momentum . 
The announcement said the acquisition should be completed by December after a definitive agreement is completed and regulatory approval is received . 
Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari would like to change that . 
Maryland National Bank 's retail finance division will continue to service the loans . 
The notes are zero-coupon securities and will not pay interest periodically . 
The strategy boosts current yield by putting more bonds into the portfolio . 
They have laid out about $ 1 billion for so-called baccalaureate zero-coupon municipal bonds -- so far offered by Connecticut , Illinois , Virginia and eight other states . 
`` How do readers feel about the magazine ? 
Utility operations , the only company unit operating in the black in the latest period , had a 26 % drop in profit , to $ 86.3 million , largely as a result of outages at the company 's huge Palo Verde nuclear facility and the cost of purchased replacement power . 
For instance , First Quadrant Corp. , an asset allocator based in Morristown , N.J. , said it quickly boosted stock positions in its `` aggressive '' accounts to 75 % from 55 % to take advantage of plunging prices Friday . 
Yields on most fixed-income securities are lower than several months ago . 
That cuts the risk , Mr. Gregory , the San Francisco money manager , points out . 
Within a few days in July , Inco raised its bid to $ 36 and United matched it . 
Normally , once the underlying investment is suspended from trading , the options on those investments also do n't trade . 
Under construction is the strip 's 24th showroom , the future home of Lexus , a luxury marque launched by Toyota Motor Corp. just two months ago . 
Qintex Entertainment also said David Evans , its president and chief executive , and Roger Kimmel , a director , both resigned . 
Mutual fund officials say that investors have transferred most of it into their money market accounts , and to a lesser extent , government-bond funds . 
What we have before us now is essentially the same program but with more resources plowed into all of the efforts to enforce and control . 
The experiment was stopped briefly to change an instrument . 
Dictaphone Corp. says there 's a big business demand for its voice-activated taping systems , whether the sophisticated Veritrac 9000 system , which costs from $ 10,000 to $ 120,000 and can record 240 conversations simultaneously , or simple handheld units selling for $ 395 . 
Although Exxon spent heavily during the latest quarter to clean up the Alaskan shoreline blackened by its huge oil spill , those expenses as well as the cost of a continuing spill-related program are covered by $ 880 million in charges taken during the first half . 
Died : Alfred Hayes , 79 , former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , Saturday , in New Canaan , Conn . 
If the caller stays on the line and leaves a name and address for the sponsor , coupons and a newsletter will be mailed , and the sponsor will be able to gather a list of desirable potential customers . 
`` It 's a double-edged sword though , because it is also the most contagious kind of hepatitis . '' 
In an unusually direct statement , the bureau spokesman recommended that state banks extend more credit to shopkeepers so that they can purchase manufacturers ' goods . 
Asked what he would do differently on the morrow , Craig allowed that he might play his outfielders deeper , `` maybe on the other side of the fence . '' 
South Africa 's government said peaceful demonstrations such as the anti-apartheid rally Sunday near Soweto have helped ease tensions and assisted political changes . 
The Members know they 're doing wrong , but they need help to restrain their darker compulsions . 
Mr. Achenbaum helped Morgan in its recent agency search , and he has a long relationship with Hyundai , which is having severe troubles , including declining sales . 
What did he think of the Supreme Court 's decision legalizing abortion ? 
Ms. Avedisian believes that the mutual funds are selling muni bonds that have a negative convexity -- those that have appreciated in price slowly relative to the decline in interest rates . 
Such a pace of growth , though respectable for mature industrialized economies , would be unusually slow for Hong Kong . 
Nancy Igdaloff , who works in corporate payments at Bank of America in San Francisco , may be a good prospect for such a gizmo . 
And Beauregard was mentioned twice -- although very briefly and in passing . '' 
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. . 
But as the outcry faded by the spring of 1988 , they resumed . 
At the very least , the odds are heavily weighted against the prospects of preventing the Khmer Rouge and Cambodia 's communists from ultimately moving against their opponents . 
`` It 's now a very good time politically to get this over and done with , '' observed Daniel Jones , professor of motor industry management at the University of Cardiff in Wales . 
Charles Wohlstetter , chairman of Contel , who is helping organize the alliance of Big Board-listed firms , said he had no time to work yesterday because he received so many phone calls , faxes and letters supporting his view that the Big Board has been turned into a `` gambling casino '' by program traders . 
That accord also called for Hewlett-Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months . 
The 6 1\/2-foot-tall turtle , Pong Pagong , is a character who stars in the children 's television show `` Batibot . '' 
Lawmakers scrapped all of a $ 7.4 million State Department request for the 1992 Expo in Seville , Spain , but agreed elsewhere to $ 15,000 for an oil portrait of former Chief Justice Warren Burger . 
Grand Metropolitan PLC , the United Kingdom food and beverage group that owns Pillsbury Inc. of the U.S. , announced a reshuffling of board-level executive duties intended to fit the company 's recent expansion . 
President Jose Sarney , who took office in 1985 when the man picked by an electoral college became critically ill , appears to be simply trying to avoid hyperinflation . 
Conservatives pushing for a line-item veto now , he notes , may regret it later : `` Sometime , you 're going to have a Democratic president again '' who 'll use his expanded powers against those very same conservatives . 
A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker `` as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated . 
Beghin-Say said the sale will be done in two parts and will raise a total of 2.025 billion francs ( $ 325 million ) . 
Mr. Skase said most of the money went to other parties for expenses such as rent and travel , but a smaller portion is owed to senior executives and others for management services . 
In addition , some of the proposals are so close , that non-financial issues such as timing may play a more important role . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
An NBC spokesman says the network will `` closely monitor '' the Sacramento situation , and says it is the only station to defect . 
Polysilicon is used in making integrated circuits . 
Their legacy lives on . 
Also , Jean B. Clifton , 28 , was named executive vice president , treasurer and chief financial officer . 
Program traders were publicly castigated following the 508-point crash Oct. 19 , 1987 , and a number of brokerage firms pulled back from using this strategy for a while . 
That 's higher than some other estimates . 
We hear , we may think , inner voices , but they all seem to be saying the same thing . 
Investors , he advises , `` should be cautious , '' holding fewer stocks than usual and also shunning bonds . 
The world 's largest fast-food chain said net income rose to $ 217.9 million , or 59 cents a share , from $ 191.3 million , or 51 cents a share , a year ago . 
The people have given their leading and only credible political party , the Liberal Democratic Party , clear and uninterrupted power for those 40 years . 
He theorized that in the eye cancer , an infant inherited a damaged copy of a gene from one parent and a normal copy from the other . 
If corporate bonds are bad in recessions , junk bonds are likely to be the worst of all . 
Blockbuster shares closed yesterday at $ 18.75 , down $ 1.125 , in New York Stock Exchange trading . 
THE REAGAN generation young men and women reaching political maturity during Ronald Reagan 's presidency -- are firmly liberal on race and gender , according to NORC , the social science research center at the University of Chicago . 
`` The best result we could get from these numbers would be to see the administration and Congress get serious about putting the U.S. on an internationally competitive economic footing , '' said Howard Lewis , vice president of international economic affairs at the National Association of Manufacturers . 
Major steel producers are selling cold rolled sheet steel at about $ 370 a ton , compared with a peak price of $ 520 a ton in 1988 . 
The company has spent some $ 5 billion over the past 3 1\/2 years to buy back 42 million common shares , or roughly 7 % of those outstanding . 
`` The biotechnology firms may be setting up their own competitors , '' said Richard Godown , president of the Industrial Biotechnology Association . 
Flexible portfolio funds , which allocate investments among stocks , bonds and money-market instruments and other investments , declined at about half the rate of stock funds -- an average drop of 1.27 % , according to Lipper . 
Even the carefully calibrated machinery in its giant Fremont plant , to the north of the Valley , was believed to be undamaged . 
When acquired in May 1988 by British retailer Marks & Spencer PLC , Brooks Brothers ' annual operating profit was about $ 41.8 million on sales of $ 290.1 million . 
It seems that every day a new movie opens featuring a child coping with a mother 's death , or adoption , or aging parents , or pregnancy . 
Consider Spendthrift Farm , a prominent Lexington horse farm that went public in 1983 but hit hard times and filed for bankruptcy-court protection last year . 
Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . 
The death of CIA Director William Casey and resignation of Oliver North allowed anti-Noriega political forces to gain influence . 
But such calculations ignore the noncash charge of depreciation , taken to allow for the gradual wearing out of french friers , deterioration of stores and the like . 
She said , `` I would say K mart 's number one job is to address its market-share loss { in discount stores } , which longer-term will lead to improved profit margins . 
In March , Qintex sold 49 % of the three Mirage resorts to Japan 's Nippon Shinpan Co. and Mitsui & Co. for A$ 433 million . 
Though Lloyd 's has talked for years about computerizing underwriting transactions , the effort has n't gotten very far . 
`` They want a lobster trap -- once you get in , you ca n't get out , '' he said . 
Smith-Kline Beecham goes further and sometimes features its grievance procedure in closed-circuit TV programs . 
Mr. Cawthorn attributed the decline in third-quarter operating profit to the stronger dollar , which reduces the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars ; to accelerated buying of Rorer products in the second quarter because of a then-pending July 1 price increase , and to higher marketing expenses for Rorer 's Maalox antacid , whose sales and market share in the U.S. had slipped in the first half of 1989 . 
Let us look for a moment at another type of non-violent civil disobedience that only harms other people indirectly , yet does irreparable damage to the nation as a whole . 
In May , Mr. Brierley 's stake shrank to 8.7 % after ranging between 9 % and 11 % for much of the previous year . 
On the other hand , so long as Mr. Gorbachev is easing his grip on his empire , everyone we 've heard agrees that the U.S. can benefit by engaging him . 
Elaborating on the concern about doctors ' sacrificing earnings in order to spend `` talk time '' with patients , we are finding the quality of the time spent is the key to true rapport . 
Rochester Telephone Corp. said it agreed to buy Viroqua Telephone Co. of Viroqua , Wis . 
Authorities in Hawaii said the wreckage of a missing commuter plane with 20 people aboard was spotted in a remote valley on the island of Molokai . 
The 190-point plunge in the stock market Oct. 13 has heightened concerns about volatility . 
Insurance premiums for one small Maryland concern went up 130 % in less than two years , the last increase coming after one of its three workers developed a herniated disk . 
But most are linked by a single theme : liquidity -- the ability to get in and out of the market quickly . 
The media , she says , have distorted his personal life . 
On the mound , former Red Sox great Luis Tiant , the wily master of 1,001 moves , throws an off-speed strike . 
`` It 's nothing dramatic , just a routine sell-off . '' 
Net for the quarter was $ 62.8 million , or 73 cents a share , down from $ 64.9 million , or 72 cents a share , a year earlier . 
L.J. Hooker , based in Atlanta , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection earlier this year . 
The Fort Worth , Texas , company is generally regarded as one of the best-run in the business , and its difficulties are likely to be reflected industrywide as other major carriers report third-quarter results over the next several days . 
Corporate finance and trading results in member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development were `` relatively flat , sometimes choppy , '' the bank said , and profit for the area sank 27 % . 
A Toto spokesman said the toilet not only tests blood pressure , pulse and urine , it also stores the data for up to 130 days . 
Meanwhile , the Duke , who set the original scheme in motion , appears on the scene disguised as a friar and becomes involved in a series of intrigues that has everyone fearing the worst possible outcome until the Duke arranges a last minute reprieve for all concerned . 
That 's because pollination , while easy in corn because the carrier is wind , is more complex and involves insects as carriers in crops such as cotton . 
In New York City , the new Chancellor , Joseph Fernandez , has landed like a 16-inch shell in the middle of a system that has been impervious to serious reform . 
Mr. Kume himself visited Honda 's headquarters in Tokyo 's upscale Aoyama district . 
Those withdrawals , most of which were transferred to other T. Rowe Price funds , followed little change in the fund 's sales picture this year through August . 
An earlier plan , which had received the creditors ' approval in July , fell apart when Eastern changed its business plan . 
Corporate planners can plan again . 
Commodore has said it expects sales to rebound , but market researchers have said that sales of the low-end products may finally be trailing off . 
By midmorning , the DJIA had plunged 80 points and foreign-exchange dealers quickly drove the dollar down . 
`` Tivoli Motel , '' I read a sign in the usual pronunciation of the name as we whoosh through . 
Was 300 ft. out on a pier in San Rafael . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index gained 0.03 to 347.16 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 0.02 to 325.50 , and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.05 to 192.12 . 
Maxicare also will guarantee that the banks will realize at least $ 7 million on certain notes pledged to them . 
Three of the family members , Max and his two sons , Lenny and Joey , live off the flesh : Max is a retired butcher , Lenny a pimp and Joey an aspiring boxer . 
COCOA : 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.34 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note held at 1.46 percentage points . 
The pilots could play hardball by noting they are crucial to any sale or restructuring because they can refuse to fly the airplanes . 
I realized what was happening and screamed into the house for the dogs . 
`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) . 
Fund officials negotiated the final structure of the proposed deal with Santa Fe Pacific , but they were approached with the idea by real estate brokers JMB Realty Corp. of Chicago . 
Power could n't be restored at the company 's San Francisco headquarters to allow trading yesterday morning . 
By the second half of 1990 , USAir stock could hit 60 , says Helane Becker of Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
The committee gave the government until Nov. 15 to revise the proposal . 
Compaq Computer Corp. said that its net income rose 51 % in the third quarter , bolstered by unusual gains from its investment in a disk-drive maker and reflecting continued growth in its European operations . 
Most Wall Street firms , in pulling back , have merely stopped such trading for their own accounts . 
I 'm out of bed . 
The company expects to reopen three Target stores and all but two Mervyn 's today or tomorrow . 
The Chicago-based food and consumer goods concern was acquired in April 1986 in a $ 6.2 billion leveraged buy-out engineered by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co . 
`` You do n't make any real money . '' 
Istat said 369,000 more people were employed in July than in April . 
Every morning , tractor-trailer trucks arrive at the Natick Ground Station from Boston 's Logan Airport , carrying the day 's package load . 
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two-year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York . 
But the money is n't peanuts either , particularly for a news program . 
Insurers struggled to to get a firm grasp on the volume of claims pouring into their offices . 
However , Delta Air Lines fell 1 1\/2 to 67 1\/2 and USAir Group dropped 3\/4 to 42 1\/2 . 
`` Investor interest switches back and forth ceaselessly as they are unable to shift their weight to one side for sure , '' Mr. Mitsuoka of Daiwa Investment Trust said . 
Mr. Gurria 's optimism contrasts with some bankers ' views that the deal may require a lot of arm twisting by the U.S. Treasury in order to succeed . 
Yesterday 's announcements helped spark a midday wave of program selling in the stock market . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
The new agreement will last for 3 1\/2 years starting July 1 , 1990 , when the current agreement expires . 
As Brooks Brothers jumps into the fashion fray , it will be playing catch up . 
As financial markets rebounded , trading volume in the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's huge Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures pit soared , reaching near-record levels for the first time since October 1987 . 
In its notice of action , the attorney general said the company had promised to put clients into `` balanced '' investment portfolios ; instead , the attorney general alleged , the company consistently shoved unwary customers into high-risk investments in paintings , coins and Florida condos . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , Integrated closed at $ 1.25 a share , down 25 cents . 
`` I think so . 
The drug , which is still in the experimental phase , has n't been approved yet by the Food and Drug Admistration , and its long-term effects are unknown . 
Most of the two dozen scientists taking the podium reported results with new , more sophisticated variations of the seemingly simple electrolysis-of-water experiments described last March by Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons . 
Castle Harlan Inc. , a New York merchant bank , and Quantum Fund said they would acquire the assets for a combination of cash and the assumption of certain of Sharon 's liabilities . 
Rather , senior administration officials said that the unexpected meeting was scheduled at Mr. Bush 's request because of his preference for conducting diplomacy through highly personal and informal meetings with other leaders . 
For the nine months , Honeywell reported earnings of $ 212.1 million , or $ 4.92 a share , compared with earnings of $ 47.9 million , or $ 1.13 a share , a year earlier . 
A 30 % cut in this year 's capital gains alone amounts to roughly $ 50 billion . 
But in affidavits filed yesterday in the Los Angeles court , Mr. Ross , Warner Bros. Chairman Robert Daly and President Semel deny that such an oral agreement was ever made . 
Gen-Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen-Probe 's stock . 
High-end U.S. furriers say these imports have n't squeezed them . 
The board and UAL 's management , he says , `` ca n't go back '' to business as usual . 
`` We do n't look at this as a major problem for us , '' she said . 
Moscow , which left the group in 1983 to avoid explusion over allegations that political dissidents were being certified as insane , could be suspended if the misuse of psychiatry against dissenters is discovered during a review within a year . 
Georgia Gulf , another producer of commodity chemicals , advanced 2 to 49 1\/2 ; Dallas investor Harold Simmons , who holds about 10 % of its shares , said he has n't raised his stake . 
The judge said that if the FBI 's proposed schedule was followed in releasing the documents , `` a delay of over one year will have occurred and plaintiff will have served approximately two-thirds of his 3 1\/2-year minimum sentence by the time he receives the files . '' 
As he handed over the reins to successor Charles A. Corry , steel profits were close to a cyclical peak . 
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country . 
Next week , the country 's top designers and manufacturers will begin showing fashions for spring 1990 , the second most important selling season of the year . 
His lawyer could not be reached for comment . 
There is no small irony in the fact that some of the most-jingoistic advertising comes courtesy of -- you guessed it -- outsiders . 
In another case , a protester , Ann O'Brien , was convicted of trespass before the Supreme Court 's Webster ruling . 
In five years , Petronas , which became the dominant shareholder in a 1984 rescue exercise , has spent about M$ 3.5 billion to prop up the troubled bank . 
The figure was incorrectly shown as a net loss in a chart accompanying Friday 's Heard on the Street column . 
At the appointed exit , the family pulled over , and Mrs. Engelken went to get her papers . 
Southwestern Bell Corp. said net dropped 8.7 % , mainly the result of four extraordinary items : a franchise tax refund that its Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. unit received last year ; a production shift of several Yellow Pages directories to the fourth quarter from the third ; a rate refund in Missouri and a one-time adjustment to phone company revenues . 
And thousands of Afghan children have been taken to the Soviet Union , where they are hostage for the behavior of their families . 
It was the possibility of this demand that helped firm prices , the analyst said . 
The Italian-led scientific team said they had succeeded in getting bacteria to produce a non-toxic version of the pertussis toxin , which could be used as a safe vaccine . 
For the nine months , Valley National posted a net loss of $ 136.4 million , or $ 6.90 a share . 
The measure , which will take effect next Wednesday , will create a two-tier exchange rate . 
He would discover it also in Alexander Bickel , a subtle constitutional scholar , Mr. Bork 's closest friend at Yale , whose influence on the judge goes well beyond Mr. Bronner 's reporting . 
The size of the offering was increased from the originally planned $ 250 million ( redemption amount ) . 
In areas where the freeway made giant concrete sandwiches of itself lie cars that police say have been flattened into foot-thick slabs . 
Illinois joins 36 other states that allow public participation in attorney-disciplinary proceedings and 32 states that open disciplinary hearings to the public , according to the American Bar Association . 
As early as move six , Mr. Kasparov deviated from a well-known sequence of moves , developing a knight instead of making a standard bishop attack against the computer 's advanced knight . 
News reports said yesterday that Saab is trying to start negotiations with French automakers Peugeot and Renault . 
`` We 've done a lot to improve ( U.S. . ) results and a lot more will be done , '' Mr. Mark said . 
Sheraton and Pan Am said they are assured under the Soviet joint-venture law that they can repatriate profits from their hotel venture . 
Mr. Deaver confessed to his alcoholism during his trial on perjury charges . 
Houston 
Economists generally agree that the rate was lowered by the Fed from around 9 % , where it had been since July , to about 8 3\/4 % in early October on the heels of a weak employment report . 
Its mortality rate for males over 35 is about 50 % higher than West Germany 's , and 50 % higher in hazard areas than the national average . 
Analysts ' expectations suggest a September current account deficit of # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.54 billion ) , compared with August 's # 2.0 billion deficit . 
`` Obviously , things are going to have to go on hold for many companies . '' 
They are very considerable : Since 1986 , when Spain joined the European Community , its gross domestic product has grown at an annual average of 4.6 % -- the fastest in the EC . 
Another option for Delmed , the company said , is that it could sell its plant in Ogden , Utah . 
Good for nothing . 
In addition , a Norfolk affiliate , York Capital Inc. , will purchase all of the interests of Eagle 's secured lenders , which total $ 11.5 million , and guarantee as much as $ 8.2 million in payments to Eagle 's unsecured creditors . 
In the end politics got in the way . 
But we did n't know just where it was until we completed our data gathering , '' Mr. Mortimer says . 
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product-related lawsuits , as well . 
Beverly Hills Comes To Suburban Tokyo 
The capital appreciation bonds are tentatively priced to yield to maturity from 7 % in 2001 to 7.10 % in 2003-2005 . 
Fujitsu said it issued the low bid because it wanted a foot in the door of a potentially lucrative market . 
And just as we did not believe the tendentious claims of the Congressmen and arms-control advocates who visited Krasnoyarsk , we are in no way persuaded by the assent to the tainted-meat theory by a U.S. team of scientists who met with Soviet counterparts in Washington last year . 
They were also as liberal or more liberal than any other age group in the 1986 through 1989 surveys . 
But some indexers make little or no use of futures , saying that these instruments present added risks for investors . 
If housing prices continue to fall , many borrowers would be better off walking away from their homes and leaving taxpayers with the losses . 
Dr. Blumenfeld says he does n't remember the paragraph about premiums in the fact sheet he received and did n't realize part of what he paid was a premium . 
It valued the transaction at $ 800 million . 
But directors of the Great Neck , N.Y. , real estate investment trust did n't act on the common stock dividend . 
The disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. has offered commercial banks a golden opportunity to play a greater role in financing billion-dollar takeovers . 
Citing rising fuel costs , promotional fare cuts and a general slowdown in travel , several major carriers have posted or are expected to post relatively poor third-quarter results . 
In when-issued trading , the Refcorp bonds were quoted at a price to yield 8.17 % . 
Shareholder approval sets the stage for a lengthy process of restructuring that might not be completed until next year 's second half . 
`` Our antibody specifically killed infected cells at a very low dose , but it can also kill other cells , '' said Dr. Yonehara . 
The case had been closely watched because attorneys anticipate increasing litigation nationally over the so-called sick-building syndrome . 
In broadest terms , stability has quietly settled into international oil markets . 
Also , investors quickly singled out stocks of companies expected to profit or suffer from the disaster . 
Earnings are n't keeping pace , he says , because of heavy investments in the egg technologies and drought-related costs in its potato business . 
`` Let me say there is a symbolic component to this trip , '' Secretary of State James Baker told reporters Wednesday . 
The standard capital appreciation bonds in the issue , due 1998-2011 , yield to maturity from 6.70 % in 1998 to 7.10 % in 2009-2011 . 
Mr. O'Brien will elaborate on the SIA 's position in testimony before the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee this week , a spokesman said . 
Tokyo stocks rebounded Tuesday from two consecutive daily losses in relatively active dealings . 
With $ 500 apiece and an injection of outside capital , they formed Genentech Inc . 
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid-October 's 190-point market plunge . 
Additional shares may be bought or sold in the open market , in private transactions or otherwise , depending on market conditions and other factors . 
Unlike options on individual issues , index options are settled only in cash , and no stock is ever tendered . 
`` Due to the earthquake in San Francisco , Nissan is donating its commercial air time to broadcast American Red Cross Emergency Relief messages . 
It `` really looks beautiful and is very light , '' says Ann Hornaday , a free-lance writer who has visited the office for lunch meetings . 
A Dow Jones spokesman said there were no corporate developments that would account for the activity . 
The Fed would eliminate the cause of the potential panic rather than attempting to treat the symptom -- the liquidity of the banks . 
But , says Mr. Bock , `` It was a close call . '' 
Although manufacturers often are quick to call for lower interest rates , 60 % of the executives said they would prefer that the Fed keep inflation-fighting as its top priority even if that means higher rates . 
Maria Stolzman , one of its farm experts , lays it on the line : `` The World Bank will be brought in to help us destroy the old system . '' 
( In 1981 , before the bust , the rig count was above 4,000 . ) 
A number of accounts of the events leading to the 190 point drop in New York stock prices on Oct. 13 accused the ministry of pulling the plug on the UAL deal for one reason or another . 
Exxon Corp. said its third-quarter earnings slipped 9 % as profits from two of its three major businesses sagged . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
David Burnham , one of the authors , says fewer trials probably means a growing number of plea bargains . 
For many , the situation is especially discouraging because the market for IPOs was showing signs of strengthening after several years of weakness . 
There is no slow-motion close-up , blood-and-guts portrayal of the animal 's demise . 
At the opposite end of the market , Nissan launches its luxury Infiniti division on Nov. 8 -- three years after Honda pioneered Japanese luxury cars and two months after Toyota 's Lexus went on sale . 
So far , the thieves have stolen 3,632 blank tickets , according to Airline Reporting Corp. , a ticket processing center . 
For months the resistance has been defenseless against air attack . 
Carl E. Pfeiffer , chief executive officer , was named to the additional post of chairman of this specialty-metals manufacturing concern . 
Health-insurance costs soared . 
The stock has fallen $ 87.25 , or 31 % , in the three trading days since announcement of the collapse of the $ 300-a-share takeover jolted the entire stock market into its second-worst plunge ever . 
Despite the narrowing of the monthly trade gap , economists expect the current account deficit for all of 1989 to swell to about # 20 billion from # 14.6 billion in 1988 . 
But sophistication has its limits . 
He plans to tell clients to pay certain fees directly to the foundation instead of to him ; he would omit those fees from income reported on his return . 
Its cash and liquid securities fell by $ 338 million in the first six months of 1989 . 
Even Carlos Manuel Castillo -- the presidential candidate for Mr. Arias 's National Liberation Party -- made public his opposition to the presence of Nicaragua `` in a democratic festivity . '' 
DDB Needham 's office building may have sustained structural damage , the spokesman added . 
According to the Value Line Investment Survey , demand for Nekoosa 's commodity paper has weakened , prompting earnings to decline by 6.6 % in the third quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
The gene thus can prevent a plant from fertilizing itself . 
W. Brown Morton Jr . Warsaw , Va . 
But some analysts remain sour on the company . 
The sun is hot now though it 's only 8 in the morning . 
By 1979 , designers and engineers at Dictaphone , a Pitney Bowes subsidiary , had produced a working model of a `` picocassette '' recorder . 
The average of estimates of the 10 economists polled puts the dollar around 1.8200 marks at the end of November and at 141.33 yen . 
A breakdown showed that food prices were the most active part of growth with a rise of 0.6 % . 
Hostile takeovers are quite a new phenomenon . 
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight . 
`` It 's better to wait . '' 
`` It has never been interested in what we think . 
Sales rose 8 % to $ 1.15 billion from $ 1.06 billion . 
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock . 
The FDIC said it has issued five citations to banks over the past three years for discriminatory practices . 
A spokesman for Hertz Corp. acknowledges , `` The waiver is n't a source of protection for consumers , but a source of revenue . '' 
The association said the September total brought French output for the first nine months this year to 14,789,000 tons , up 4.5 % from a year earlier . 
According to lawyers familiar with the settlement talks , the verbal agreement to end a lawsuit filed more than two years ago was reached last week and will soon be submitted to a federal judge in Camden , N.J . 
So the producers went to Capitol Hill , where a congressman from Georgia introduced a measure to ban centrifugal egg-breaking machines . 
The new company was created to meet growing demand for steel doors , concurrent with increasing local concern about fire prevention , the company said . 
Michael shares closed at 13 3\/4 yesterday in national over-the-counter trading . 
Yet I would venture that the landscape of our country alone would justify the use of this lofty adjective ... . 
`` What this means is that Europeans will have these machines in their offices before Americans do , '' the spokesman said . 
Two Japanese scientists said they discovered an antibody that , in laboratory test-tube experiments , kills AIDS-infected cells while preserving healthy cells . 
Investment letters now abound , I really like to read them ; If I peruse enough , I 've found I 've no time left to heed them ! 
Adding insult to injury , United 's 25,000-member Machinists ' union , which helped scuttle financing for the first bid , yesterday asked UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf and other UAL directors to resign . 
Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly mellifluous , reassuring , and designed to make financial products and maneuvers appear better , safer or cheaper than they really are . 
But lawyers looking to cash in on the quake may have a tough time once their cases reach a judge . 
William A. Wise , 44 years old , president of the El Paso Natural Gas Co. unit of this energy and natural-resources concern , was named to the additional post of chief executive officer , succeeding Travis H. Petty , 61 , who continues as a vice chairman of the parent . 
And Industrial Bank of Japan started up a London securities subsidiary that sells Japanese stocks to non-Japanese institutions overseas , a move that stirred the anger of the stock brokerage firms . 
Orin Kramer , an insurance consultant in New York , estimates that the 1906 San Francisco destruction , on an inflation-adjusted basis , included insured losses of $ 5.8 billion . 
The struggle over capital gains is the most important game in town . 
On China 's turmoil : `` It is a very unhappy scene , '' he said . 
The noncallable issue was priced to yield 105 basis points above the Treasury 's fiveyear note . 
The Bank of England , on the other hand , had gold reserves that averaged about 30 % of its outstanding currency , and Bank of England notes were accepted throughout the world . 
Though the epicenter of Tuesday 's temblor was located 10 miles north of the town of Santa Cruz , and 50 miles south of San Francisco , its havoc hopscotched up the coast in seemingly random fashion . 
A group including ESL Partners Ltd. , a Fort Worth , Texas , investment partnership , and Richard E. Rainwater , a former adviser to the Fort Worth Bass family , said it reduced its stake in Anacomp Inc. to 3.6 % of the common shares outstanding . 
Its telecommunications headquarters in Burlingame , Calif. , had been knocked out since the quake . 
Mr. Kasparov was underwhelmed . 
The acquisition brings together the two largest competitors to Home Shopping Network Inc. , which now reaches more viewers than any other company in the video shopping industry . 
About six months before a recession ends , stocks typically begin to rise again , as investors anticipate a recovery . 
Scott E. Thomas says the plans give employees `` a bonus in the form of charitable donations made from an employer 's treasury '' in exchange for the political donation . 
Now the wildlife refuge has been closed to the industry , possibly for years . 
Salespeople try to push their products and avoid discussions of finances . 
Under terms of the agreement , a K mart subsidiary will soon make a tender offer for Pace shares . 
But his chance to become deputy mayor under Mayor Abraham Beame , a plan boosted by Mr. Sutton , was squandered because of Mr. Dinkins 's failure -- still largely unexplained -- to file income tax returns for four years running . 
`` It 's probably a reasonable transition . 
Business : Airline 
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . '' 
It attracts people with funny hair ( or with no hair -- in front of me a girl with spiked locks sat beside a boy who had shaved his ) . 
`` It 's a good company , and growing ; there 's nothing that would warrant that it be sold . '' 
Mr. Ittleson is executive , special projects , at CIT Group Holdings Inc. , which is controlled by Manufacturers Hanover Corp . 
Giant Industries Inc. , initial public offering of 3,111,000 common shares , of which 2,425,000 will be sold by the company , and the rest by holders , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Hanifen , Imhoff Inc . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
And the Ministry of Foreign Affairs works for itself , supporting Japanese diplomats who sprinkle abundant aid money around the world to ensure that their seat at the dinner table is next to the host 's . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index lost about 1 % , or 3.95 , to 448.80 . 
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12-story-high condom . 
Instead of banning such shopping , the confederation proposed amending controls to be sure the privilege is n't abused ... . 
`` We can not wait on the government to make changes at its own pace , '' Mr. Sisulu said . 
And where were all our handsomely paid Indian Ocean allies last year when our convoys were being attacked ? '' 
`` Disclosures are very poor in India . '' 
Reaching for that extra bit of yield can be a big mistake -- especially if you do n't understand what you 're investing in . 
Marsh & McLennan Cos. said it agreed to acquire the rest of Gradmann & Holler , a leading West German insurance brokerage firm in which it has held a 15 % stake for 15 years . 
I just do n't understand it . 
He said an altered license would be an `` embarrassment '' to teenagers and young adults and would act as a deterrant to drug use . 
We have a major problem , and that problem is volatility . '' 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Phillips Petroleum shares fell $ 1.125 to $ 23.125 . 
Under certain circumstances , the rights would entitle Philip Morris holders to buy shares of either the company or its acquirer for half price . 
Ciba-Geigy intends to develop the Ciba Corning unit into a `` substantial business , '' making the unit an `` integral part '' of Ciba-Geigy 's `` comprehensive disease management concept . 
China , under the Nationalist government of Chiang Kai-shek , was a founding member of GATT in 1947 . 
After a bad start , Treasury bonds were buoyed by a late burst of buying to end modestly higher . 
But the board 's decision prompted many to bail out of the stock yesterday . 
Two weeks ago , viewers of several NBC daytime consumer segments started calling a 900 number for advice on various life-style issues . 
The urging admittedly has been gentle . 
An official at Wako Securities said brokerages ' excessive expectations about recent advances in Tokyu Group shares and real estate issues were dashed Friday . 
To encourage more competition among exporting countries , the U.S. is proposing that export subsidies , including tax incentives for exporters , be phased out in five years . 
In the third quarter , the economy grew at a moderate 2.5 % annual rate . 
Today is the debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association , a new eight-team pro sports circuit , modeled after the highly successful senior tennis and golf tours and complete with good salaries , a cable television contract and even expansion plans . 
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
`` There should be no great rush for investors to buy this . 
In 1987 , Mr. Rey bested leading publishing houses to take over Switzerland 's Jean Frey AG , a major producer of magazines and newspapers . 
In addition , British Air officially withdrew its support for the previous $ 300-a-share bid in a terse statement that said `` the original deal is closed . '' 
Copper futures sold off sharply yesterday , influenced by declines in the stock market and dollar , and a rally in bonds . 
That paradox is Hong Kong 's economically rewarding yet politically perilous relationship with China . 
After Hugo hit , many insurers exhausted their reinsurance coverage and had to tap reinsurers to replace that coverage in case there were any other major disasters before the end of the year . 
In what could prove a major addition to the Philippines ' foreign-investment portfolio , a Taiwanese company signed a $ 180 million construction contract to build the centerpiece of a planned petrochemical complex . 
Though Democrats can gloat at all this for now , they may want to contain their glee . 
Avery paid $ 750 million , including various legal and financing fees , to acquire Uniroyal Chemical , Middlebury , Conn. , in 1986 -- a move that burdened Avery with debt . 
Hooker is based in Sydney , Australia . 
Broader averages also posted modest gains . 
A bill giving the Transportation Department the power to block airline leveraged buy-outs cleared a House panel . 
But margins will be helped , too , by some other cost-saving steps . 
Massachusetts -- $ 230 million of general obligation bonds , consolidated loan of 1989 , Series D , due 1990-2009 , through a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group . 
Domestic machine tool plants received $ 303 million of orders last month , up 33 % from August 's $ 227.1 million , but still below the $ 328.2 million of September 1988 , NMTBA said . 
He adds : `` We , and the rest of the EC have to talk to the Germans , now , frankly and raise these future risks with them . '' 
In the period just ended , computers accounted for 44 % of total sales , NEC said , and electrical devices made up 23 % . 
While domestic orders climbed an adjusted 8 % and a nominal 11 % in September , foreign orders declined 4 % after inflation and 1 % on a nominal basis . 
The park is slated to open in 1992 . 
`` The bottom line is , it seems to me that the economic environment has become very , very competitve for a lot of businesses , '' he said . 
The old saying advises : `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . '' 
Fanuc gained 100 to 7,580 . 
Fees 1 3\/8 . 
`` I do n't think the Bush administration has done anything , '' he says . 
Morrison Knudsen Corp. posted third-quarter net income of $ 7.9 million , or 69 cents a share , continuing a rebound from steep year-ago losses . 
First , a pop quiz . 
Fund managers , for their part , defend their use of leverage . 
In a separate development , PS of New Hampshire gave 60 managers severance agreements that would pay one to three years ' salary if their jobs were changed or they were dismissed in the wake of a takeover . 
But on Oct. 6 , he had reason to celebrate . 
Loral Corp. said it received a $ 325 million order from Turkey 's Ministry of Defense , the largest contract the company ever has received . 
Since such loans are often refinanced through the sale of high-risk , high-yield junk bonds , the recent woes of the junk-bond market have renewed concerns among regulators about the risks associated with Wall Street firms issuing bridge loans . 
Compliance added 15 % to 20 % to her accounting bill last year , she says . 
Revenue fell 5.8 % to $ 407.9 million from $ 433.2 million . 
The five-year issue was priced at a spread of 43 basis points above the Treasury 's comparable note . 
The result `` will ultimately be a very different group in size and structure , '' Bond Corp. directors said in a statement . 
The Pale Pachyderms propelled six of 'em out of the unfriendly confines of Candlestick Park during the two games en route to 13-7 and 9-6 wins over the San Francisco Giants . 
Mr. Mehl noted that actual rates are almost identical on small and large-denomination CDs , but yields on CDs aimed at the individual investor are boosted by more frequent compounding . 
New two-year notes ended unchanged while three-year and four-year notes were slightly lower . 
Domestic soft-drink bottler case sales are estimated to have risen only 1 % in the third quarter -- well below the 4 % to 5 % growth of recent years -- but about in line with the rest of the soft-drink industry . 
An accountant did not review the seller 's books before buying a business . 
See that they know company personnel policy backwards and forwards , for it is the `` law '' governing company courts and adjudicators . 
Or maybe a Surgeon General 's warning : Confiding in the United States may be fatal . 
The SEC at the same time approved a similar but smaller basket product on the Chicago Board Options Exchange , where the minimum will be $ 1.7 million . 
The ploy worked . 
Oakland officials were still uncertain about the magnitude of structural damage late yesterday ; a section of I-880 , a twotiered highway , collapsed in Oakland , causing a majority of the deaths resulting from the quake . 
And on a closer 250-170 roll call , lawmakers upheld controversial agreements made by a House-Senate conference earmarking community development funds for more than 40 projects backed by often influential members . 
Ford Motor Co. said it will shut down for one week its Kentucky Truck Plant because of a `` shortage of dealer orders . '' 
Million-dollar conferences were held to chew on subjects such as `` ethical responsibilities of scientists in support of disarmament '' and `` the impact of the activities of transnational corporations . '' 
Yesterday , Quebecor Inc. , a Montreal printing , publishing and forest-products company 53%-owned by Mr. Peladeau , agreed to acquire Maxwell Communication Corp. 's U.S. printing subsidiary , Maxwell Graphics Inc. , for $ 500 million in cash and securities . 
Unit volume , or amount of products shipped , rose about 11 % in the international segment , with P&G continuing to win market share in Japan 's diaper and detergent markets . 
Yesterday , the number grew to 40 ; today the number is expected to grow to 100 . 
In yesterday 's third-quarter earnings report , the company alluded to a $ 40 million provision for restructuring costs involving U.S. exploration and production operations . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Thus , Mr. Sinyard 's company must innovate more than ever to stay ahead of them , by developing new products specifically for mountain biking . 
Ad industry executives were n't surprised by Mr. Roman 's decision to leave Ogilvy . 
Traders said that selling pressure was n't enormous and that the DAX dropped Friday more on a lack of any substantial buying interest . 
Colgate said net income for the quarter rose to $ 76.7 million , or $ 1.06 a share , on sales that increased 6 % to $ 1.3 billion . 
So next day Mr. Cheney went out and did just that : He canceled the 600-ship Navy and cut back one carrier and 20 frigates . 
Costs are giving them a little bit of trouble , and the whole industry is having a pricing problem . '' 
Investors apparently did n't like the news from Rainbow Technologies either . 
No phones . 
Local farmers say it is as good a cash crop as mustard or fenugreek , a legume . 
Shell , a subsidiary of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group , will be allowed to export 0.9 trillion cubic feet , and Gulf , a unit of Olympia & York Developments Ltd. will be allowed to export 3.2 trillion cubic feet . 
Companies with steady earnings growth could do well , she says , while others with high debt or poor earnings could see their shares decline far more than 10 % . 
And , for Ms. Baker , the ride was far from over . 
Statistics on acquisitions by foreigners vary in detail , because unlike Sansui , which is listed on the Tokyo and Osaka stock exchanges , most of the Japanese companies acquired by foreigners are privately held . 
The Rev. Alphonsus Trabold , a theology professor and exorcism expert at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , N.Y. , frequently is asked to exorcise unruly spirits , and he often obliges . 
`` If we do not integrate into this new world of interdependence , sooner or later we 're going to become victims of our own isolation , '' he says . 
Later , Nissan borrowed other Honda practices , including an engineering `` idea contest '' to promote inventiveness . 
Market conditions point to even lower prices next year . 
`` The Caterpillar people are n't too happy when they see their equipment used like that , '' shrugs Mr. George . 
The notes will have a principal amount of $ 300 million at maturity . 
For one thing , the size of the affected market is enormous -- the European stock markets account for some 22.5 % of global stock market capitalization , with an estimated value of $ 2.175 trillion , according to Morgan Stanley Capital International . 
Accepted bids ranged from 8.38 % to 8.395 % . 
Anatol Pawlowski 's leg begins jiggling beneath his desk . 
Peter Cawdron , group strategy development director , and Bill Shardlow , group personnel director , will become part of the board 's management committee . 
But a flurry of late trading yesterday beefed up prices . 
Business leaders have long criticized the agency as a leading example of bureacratic waste . 
Put option March 31 , 1992 , at 107 3\/4 to yield a fixed 3.52 % . 
Mr. Katz adds that people who jump in and out of the stock market need to be right about 70 % of the time to beat a buy-and-hold strategy . 
Volume totaled 14,560,000 shares . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Terms of the accord were n't disclosed . 
African art was in vogue and some intellectuals were writing breathlessly of a dawning age to be inspired by blacks . 
While this indicates continued strong demand for the company 's desk-top computers , Sun faces increasing competition from Digital Equipment Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co . 
If you asked me to select a stock with the highest expected return , I would select a stock with the greatest amount of undiversifiable risk , as I am sure your pros do . 
The company , based in Toledo , Ohio , had said it expected reduced third-quarter profit . 
Air-freight carriers raised their rates for U.S. products going across the Pacific to Asia by about 20 % earlier this month . 
South Africa 's government dismissed demands by right-wing Conservatives , the nation 's main opposition party , for emergency talks on Pretoria 's recent tolerance of dissent . 
The Fed also has the power to set margin requirements . 
But WCRS added that `` in the light of the current uncertainty in the equity markets , '' it has arranged medium-term debt financing , which would be underwritten by Samuel Montagu & Co. Ltd . 
General Electric Co. received a $ 30.6 million Air Force contract for MX-missile nose cones . 
Emergency measures would be introduced to ease the country 's financial crisis , notably its $ 200 billion budget deficit . 
He is known as the father of the U.S.-grown Granny Smith , a radically different apple that the conventional wisdom once said would never catch on . 
Last Friday , Qintex Entertainment Inc. , its 43%-owned U.S. TV production and distribution affiliate , filed for Chapter 11 protection . 
Most banking issues retreated after a sector downgrade by Warburg Securities , although National Westminister showed strength on positive comments from brokerage firms about its long-term prospects . 
News of Mr. Eward 's retirement comes one day after Morgan said that Christopher Whittington resigned as chairman of Morgan 's banking subsidiary to join a financial services firm . 
Some diaries simply are n't worth snooping in . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
The Israeli Manufacturers ' Association filed a police complaint against an Arab pasta maker for using the four colors of the outlawed Palestinian flag on spaghetti packages . 
`` We have to clear up these issues and find out what is present that is creating artificial volatility , '' Mr. Fisher said . 
In the first nine months , net was $ 140 million , or $ 1.23 a share , on sales of $ 1.44 billion . 
The slack absorbs the pulling strain generated by an earthquake . 
`` The collar was penetrated on a number of occasions , '' meaning securities firms figured out ways to conduct program trades to circumvent the collar and use the Big Board 's electronic trading system , Mr. Phelan said . 
The plan thus places a large new affirmative-action program , based on `` socioeconomic disadvantage , '' on top of the existing program based on race . 
Mr. Falls transfers the setting to Hollywood , and transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- agents , producers , actors , writers and sycophants . 
The three men agreed to rewrite the guidelines , without changing the basic assassination ban , to clear up any ambiguities that may have hampered U.S. encouragement of coups against anti-American leaders . 
Mr. Johnson said Western Digital 's plant in Puerto Rico was affected by Hurricane Hugo , losing three days ' production because of the storm , which wrecked much of the Caribbean island 's infrastructure . 
As a result , while any one customer may purchase immediacy by selling to a market maker ( which is micro-liquidity for the investor ) , the market as a whole remains in the same circumstances it was before the transaction : The unwanted position is still an unwanted position ; only the identity of the seller has changed . 
What went wrong in Panama is a fitting subject for public and congressional inquiry . 
Sales rose 7.7 % to $ 6.66 billion from $ 6.19 billion . 
In the 1989 second quarter , Shearson had net income of $ 55 million , or 54 cents a share . 
The hard drive , which is the storage device of choice for virtually every desktop computer user , also now will supplement Next 's futuristic optical device if buyers pay full price . 
The lyric chosen -- `` long strange night '' -- may be an apt footnote to television spots by both candidates intended to portray each other as a liar . 
Also , some policy illustrations assume that mortality costs will decline or that I will get some sort of dividend bonus after the 10th year . 
Canadian steel production totaled 290,541 metric tons in the week ended Oct. 21 , a 5.1 % increase from 276,334 tons the previous week but a 7.2 % decline from 313,125 tons a year earlier , Statistics Canada said . 
LMEYER : 
If a compromise ca n't be reached , the pilots maintain they can do a transaction without the support of the machinists . 
Given California 's size and political importance , the White House is eager to appear generous . 
Suddenly , I am not a comfortable man for Solidarity . 
Net premiums written through Sept. 30 fell 5 % to $ 2.1 billion from $ 2.2 billion a year ago , because of the writing of fewer policies at flat prices , the company said . 
Legislation to require the consent of parents before their daughters under the age of 18 can have abortions will probably pass both houses of the Michigan legislature and set up a grinding battle to override the expected veto of Democratic Gov. James Blanchard . 
The earthquake is likely to reduce GNP negligibly in the near term and then could raise it a bit as rebuilding begins . 
Even before the full extent of the devastation was known , Defense Secretary Dick Cheney ordered the military services to set up an emergency command center in the Pentagon and prepare to respond to various FEMA requests for assistance . 
Television news , of course , has always been part show-biz . 
A year earlier , Ford reported record net of $ 856.3 million , or $ 1.78 a share , on revenue of $ 20.38 billion . 
Money funds invest in such things as short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and certificates of deposit , all of which have been posting lower interest rates since last spring . 
As part of its reorganization this week , Western Digital has divided its business into two segments -- storage products , including controllers and disk drives ; and microcomputer products , which include graphics , communications and peripheral control chips . 
The confusion could be costly . 
Vernon E. Jordan was elected to the board of this transportation services concern . 
Conasupo Director Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez said the agency will sell 589 midsized supermarkets and several food-production plants and warehouses beginning early next year . 
`` I do n't trust people who do n't eat , '' said Ms. Volokh , though she herself stopped eating lunch a few years ago to drop 25 pounds . 
Instead , the group is raising the proposal informally to try to test the board 's reaction . 
An American Medical spokeswoman said the Moody 's downgrading was expected because of the nature of the takeover . 
The publisher was able to register soaring quarter net income because of a onetime gain on the sale of its cable-TV system . 
`` Unisys is getting clobbered . 
But the push for cleaner fuels is increasing the attractiveness of natural gas . 
Interest picks up , though , when Mr. Gould gets around to discussing the meaning of the Burgess oddities for the theory of evolution . 
But since 1981 , Kirk Horse Insurance Inc. of Lexington , Ky. has grabbed a 20 % stake of the market . 
But East Germany is merely `` the land of truly existing socialism . '' 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange fined and suspended two commodities traders accused of making prearranged trades with each other that allegedly cheated a customer . 
Soon we have our limit of the shimmering fish stippled in rose-gold and black . 
Still , the directors said , `` Having fully considered all aspects of the company 's state of affairs and future cash flows , the directors confirm absolutely that the company is solvent . '' 
Venezuela has also earmarked $ 200 million in new money for light-crude exploration . 
Information from an arrested drug trafficker led to the two men and the recovery of almost all the stolen art . 
Said 's story reflects the souring of socialism under Nasser , whose dictatorial rule replaced the monarchy overthrown in 1952 . 
The name Maidenform was coined by a third business partner , Enid Bissett . 
The central bank has been helping , but apparently not especially eagerly . 
The tenor of Mr. Stevens 's remarks seemed to indicate that British Air will take a more active , high-profile role in pursuing any new bid . 
Her success , which included alleviating an urban food shortage in the early 1980s , helped persuade Hanoi to take the reform path . 
Mr. Ferguson said a continued softness in New York City area 's economy and increased competition , particularly in the private-line market , took a heavy toll on earnings . 
Last March , this newspaper reported on widespread allegations that the company misled many customers into purchasing more credit-data services than needed . 
Moreover , they note , those who manage to pay their own way often do so only by selling their homes , using up life savings or drawing heavily on children and other relatives . 
For example , in a special meeting Monday with Mr. Phelan , senior officials of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms complained that the exchange is no longer representing their interests . 
`` The market acted better , but it was n't a tremendous comeback , '' Mr. Zipper observed . 
Mr. Breeden contended that uncertainty over when the SEC might act could worsen volatility in the markets . 
Leonard Bickwit , a Washington attorney for Lincoln 's parent corporation , said in an interview , `` We deny any criminal behavior by the association or its officers . '' 
But Navigation Mixte is loosely held and hard to defend . 
ABC News has similarly branched out into entertainment gimmickry . 
Under current copyright laws , it is considered `` fair use '' to reproduce copyrighted material for one 's personal use or for use by one 's family or friends , while copying for purposes of resale or profit is prohibited . 
He added that `` hopefully LIN will conduct a fair auction . '' 
Jeffrey Schaefer , the SIA 's research director , says that all of his group 's retail-volume statistics could be overstated by as much as five percentage points because corporate buy-backs are sometimes inadvertently included in Big Board data . 
While the SDI anti-missile program recently awarded W.J. Schafer two contracts totaling $ 13.4 million , ERC 's chairman and founder , Jack Aalseth , says he bought the company `` more for its technology than its customer . '' 
The number one proposal for reducing crime in the New York survey was to put more police on foot or scooter patrol , suggested by more than two-thirds of the respondents . 
Hers is a hand that will test the mettle of her audiences . 
But the investors are left stranded with money to reinvest at a time when interest rates are puny . 
Since then , Eastern has been negotiating with creditors over revisions , but the creditors committee has been having problems with the revisions . 
The rebel officer 's slow and painful death , at the headquarters of Panama 's Battalion-2000 squad , was personally supervised by Gen. Noriega , says a U.S. official with access to intelligence reports . 
The presence of so many people , cars and competing businesses is evidence of a healthy economy in a place where people want to live . 
French chemicals group , Orkem S.A. , said Wednesday it has made a bid for control of Coates Brothers PLC , a British manufacturer of inks and polyester resins . 
`` Some investors will tiptoe back in , '' says Richard Ross , a market research director for Elrick & Lavidge in Chicago . 
The retailer was unable to find a buyer for the building . 
Cineplex traded on the New York Stock Exchange at $ 11.25 a share , up $ 1.125 , before trading was halted . 
However , the trust 's cash flow from investments is far short of its payments to asbestos victims . 
But the government now claims that a group of company managers and lawyers engaged in an elaborate strategy over five years to obscure from federal authorities the extent and details of `` widespread '' fraudulent billing practices . 
THE PANHANDLER approaches , makes his pitch . 
A genetically engineered version of the human protein developed by Amgen Corp. of Thousand Oaks , Calif. , recently has been marketed by the Ortho Pharmaceuticals division of Johnson & Johnson . 
`` Hard Copy , '' the new syndicated tabloid show from Paramount Pictures , will use its 900 number for additional purposes that include research , says executive producer Mark B. von S. Monsky . 
The key to the creation of the `` organic '' state lay in the formation of `` natural '' groups that would undertake the role of decision-making . 
The price war peaked in the third quarter as Big Three factory discounts climbed to more than $ 1,000 a vehicle , according to industry officials . 
And instead of buying the UAL stake , the U.K. carrier will be able to reduce its high debt level and build an acquisition war chest . 
We here in the affected areas were dazzled by Mr. Laband 's analysis of time values and his comparisons of effectiveness concerning research and development . 
The Hart-Scott filing is then reviewed and any antitrust concerns usually met . 
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing . 
It presents no great issue of legal principle , no overriding question of family law or the law of contempt . 
Democrats want to avoid having to make that choice by making the capital-gains tax cut an individual bill . 
Just beyond the city limits is a shantytown of 2,000 blacks who are employed throughout the area . 
The approach worked well in the recent antitrust case in which Energy Transportation Systems Inc. sued Santa Fe Pacific Corp. over the transport of semi-liquefied coal -- the kind of case likely to make almost anyone 's eyes glaze over . 
A court in Jerusalem sentenced a Palestinian to 16 life terms for forcing a bus off a cliff July 6 , killing 16 people , Israeli radio reported . 
Two feet . 
`` But we think the risks are there for things getting a lot worse . 
Second Section volume was estimated at 14 million shares , unchanged from Monday . 
Dinsa Mehta , chief bullion trader for Chase Manhattan Bank , said : `` There is little incentive on the part of traders to sell gold because the stock market may go lower and gold may retain some of its ` flight to safety ' quality . 
`` There was a roll of laughter through the stands , '' says Joe Sukle , the editor of the weekly Press and Journal in Middletown . 
He likes to tell the yarn of how he got lost on the expansive ranch during an early visit , took refuge in an office and called the front desk for help . 
`` If any of us think we 're going to sidetrack David 's determination to be the best possible mayor because of his obligations to us , we are making a sad mistake . '' 
There are $ 9.76 million of 7 % term bonds due 2003 , priced at 99 3\/4 to yield about 7.03 % . 
But he did fly to Panama to scold dictator Torrijos on the drug ties of Panamanian officials , including Mr. Noriega . 
The latest quarter 's results , however , included a pretax gain of $ 13.7 million , or 20 cents a share , in the carrying value of the company 's investment in Conner Peripherals Inc. and a $ 7.6 million gain , or 11 cents a share , from the sale of one million Conner shares . 
Lawrence Perlman , Control Data 's president and chief operating officer , said the maintenance business no longer fits into the company 's `` strategy to be a data solutions company . '' 
In late trading , New Jersey Turnpike Authority 's 7.20 % issue of 2018 was off 1\/4 point at 98 bid . 
We 're talking real money . 
After that , it will make a final decision on the policy . 
For the nine months , the insurance company said net fell 46 % to $ 88.8 million , or $ 1.54 a share , from $ 164 million , or $ 3.16 a share , the previous year . 
Compiled by William Mathewson 
Poughkeepsie said it is continuing to try to sell itself , under a June agreement with a dissident-shareholder group . 
In the nine months , GM Hughes net fell 6.6 % to $ 486.6 million , or $ 1.48 a share , from $ 521 million , or $ 1.58 a share . 
Mr. Dorfman covers investing issues from The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate-beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income-tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts . 
But in either case , the report says , China 's balance of payments would rapidly dry up foreign reserves , which are used to finance the imbalance . 
Some had predicted earnings of more than $ 4 a share for this year , up from last year 's fully diluted $ 3.27 a share on earnings of $ 680.6 million . 
Some of the would-be reformers , however , want to restore an arrangement we once had -- or , at least , part of it . 
Bob Evans Inc. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as 500,000 shares of its common . 
According to chief scriptwriter Rene Villanueva , `` Batibot '' does n't set out to advance the cause of Filipino . 
White House Budget Director Richard Darman has said he would continue to press to keep the capital-gains provision in the final version of the bill unless the House drops many of its costly provisions . 
`` What 's he doing ? '' hissed my companion , who was the only other English-speaking member of the convention and whose knuckles were white . 
The Boeing 727 , en route to Honduras from Costa Rica via Nicaragua , smashed into the hills outside Tegucigalpa as it approached the capital 's airport in high winds and low clouds . 
No such statement appears on the tapes . 
The announcement seemed to further damp prospects that talks between Qintex Australia and MGM\/UA might be revived . 
The company offered to purchase $ 500 million of convertible preferred stock from the trust that handles its payments to asbestos victims . 
The fund invests mainly in gold and silver bullion . 
Its best hope of acceptance by its neighbours lies in reaching a settlement with the Palestinians . 
CD yields are generally expected to fall further in coming weeks . 
Columbia , S.C . 
Wrong . 
The airports in San Jose and Oakland were both fully operational by noon yesterday , the Federal Aviation Administration said . 
Revenue edged up to $ 8.9 billion from $ 8.81 billion . 
But then the noise turned into a roar . 
As a result , many economists were expecting the consumer price index to increase significantly more than it did . 
Americans may not be so lucky the next time . 
In return , Mr. Craig agreed to cooperate in the government 's continuing payola probe , says a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office . 
The 48-year-old Mr. Corr was hired largely because he was credited with returning Trans World Airlines Inc. to profitability while he was its president from 1986 to 1988 . 
The state has sued these charities in state court , complaining that much of the money was grossly misspent ; 82 % , says Mr. Ormstedt , went to fund raisers and most of the rest to the people who ran the charities and to their relatives -- for fur coats , trips to Florida , Lucullan restaurant tabs . 
People often stay with a particular brand because they want to be associated with the image its advertising conveys , whether that 's macho Marlboro cigarettes or Cher 's Uninhibited perfume . 
Moreover , the price volatility that is amplified by program trading is undercutting efforts to woo individual investors back to an OTC market that sorely misses them . 
When the loan agreement was announced , it was hailed as one of the first Western-style financing transactions ever used in China . 
The computer giant 's current mainframe line , which has sold well and has huge profit margins , is starting to show its age . 
Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp called on the Federal Reserve System to lower interest rates . 
Enviropact said the proceeds will be used as working capital for expansion and to pay its existing tax liability of about $ 1.5 million that was due Sept. 15 . 
Because of tax-loss carry-forward , Leucadia said it expects to escape taxes on `` a substantial portion of the gain . '' 
In Japan , about 1 % are linked . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 8.36 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note widened slightly to 1.46 percentage points . 
As a senior vice president , he has headed the company 's designer lingerie division , Oscar de la Renta , since its inception in 1988 . 
The company cited sales gains at its Milton Bradley and Playskool units and in its international business for the increase in revenue . 
Attorneys involved in the talks said that the parties were closer to accord than they were a year ago , when reports of an imminent agreement circulated . 
And last year , Playtex Holdings Inc. went private for about $ 680 million . 
The company said it is n't making a commitment to purchase a specific number of shares . 
I have n't seen or talked to him in several years . '' 
Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . 
The price was n't disclosed , but an executive of LJN Toys Ltd. , the MCA unit , said the closely held Buddy L had annual sales in excess of $ 20 million . 
But some American defense officials believe the North Atlantic Treaty Organization should take more time to examine the long-term implications of the options being considered . 
Typically , Hart-Scott is used now to give managers of target firms early news of a bid and a chance to use regulatory review as a delaying tactic . 
But researchers say the drug , called FK-506 , could revolutionize the transplantation field by reducing harmful side effects and by lowering rejection rates . 
Friday , October 20 , 1989 
It seems to me the BPCA plan has the potential of making South Gardens a horticultural jail for people and plants . '' 
The technology at issue `` is not an underlying technology of HyperCard to my knowledge , '' said Danny Goodman , a San Francisco-area HyperCard program developer . 
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C . 
But only bridges supported with single rows of columns were top priority , and the Nimitz Freeway , supported by double rows , was left out , Mr. Drago explained . 
The average interest rate rose to 8.337 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.292 % at last week 's sale . 
TDK fell 120 to 5,960 , Fuji Photo Film declined 160 to 4,830 , and Fanuc dropped 160 to 7,440 . 
'' ( Investigators stress that building owners are victims , too , since boiler rooms often leave without paying rent . ) 
The crisis had peaked on May 10 , 1974 , when the bank disclosed `` severe '' foreign-exchange losses due to `` unauthorized '' trading . 
Alan Wells , president of Bollinger , Wells , Lett & Co. , a New York merger specialist , thinks panicky investors may lose their enthusiasm for leveraged buy-out and giant takeover deals . 
Sotheby 's , she says , is `` wearing both hats . '' 
Matra said the sharp improvement in net profit partly reflected a decline of 59 million francs in the group 's net loss from nonrecurring items in the first half of this year to 104 million francs from 163 million a year earlier . 
One major NBC affiliate , KCRA in Sacramento , plans to cancel the NBC Saturday morning line-up as of January and replace it with a local newscast . 
The profit rate is still low and the Q ratio was only 65 % in 1987 and 68.9 % in 1988 . 
A Fidelity spokesman in Boston denied the speculation , saying the program-trading issue was more of a regulatory problem . 
Harken , which owns about 800 retail gas stations , has said it is particularly interested in Tesoro 's refinery because it would fill a gap in its business . 
Albert Fried Jr. , a 59-year-old director and holder of a 9.5 % stake in the company , was named chairman of this maker of products for the construction equipment , material handling and railroad industries . 
In a related move , the bank also proposed that board representation be linked more closely to the bank 's new shareholding structure . 
Mr. LaBonte 's departure follows by two months the resignation of Mark Goldston as senior vice president and chief marketing officer after only 11 months at Reebok . 
IBM , which said a year ago it was inviting companies to participate in some semiconductor work , has become far more open about its technology as it has tried to rally U.S. industry to head off the Japanese , who now dominate the market for dynamic random access memory chips . 
In the first half , Lotus struggled to keep market share with costly promotions while customers awaited the launch of 1-2-3 Release 3 , the upgraded spreadsheet software . 
This brings into question the motives of those who lead civil disobedience demonstrations . 
QuesTech Inc. , Falls Church , Va. , also has acquired some companies outside the military market . 
Nevertheless , Rep. Gerry Studds of Massachusetts was handily re-elected because of the candor with which he handled revelations that he had sex with a male congressional page in 1983 . 
The latest government figures said retail prices in September were up 7.6 % from a year earlier . 
The heavy selling by farmers helped to damp the price rally . 
Given their own penchant for book writing , it is surprising that none of the masters of scandal survival have yet published a guide to the art . 
Also , most of the ramps connecting the city to its main link to the south , the 101 freeway , have been closed for repairs . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it received a three-year contract valued at more than $ 15 million to provide network , credit-card and other telecommunications services to Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Mr. Pissocra , 56 years old , will be responsible for the company 's 10 banks in the Eastern region . 
William Coors is their uncle . 
He did n't say what the company expected to report for year-earlier sales , which will be restated from the previously reported $ 603 million . 
Because of the charge , Ashland expects to report a loss for the fourth quarter and `` significantly lower results '' for fiscal 1989 . 
Allstate Insurance Co. , a unit of Sears , Roebuck & Co. , said about 23 % of its personal property policyholders -- about 28 % in the San Franciso area -- also have earthquake coverage . 
But despite the acrimony between Mr. Ross and Mr. Yetnikoff , officials of the Time side of Time Warner have reportedly been increasingly interested in a settlement that might yield attractive business opportunities . 
On the morning of the crash , he had been put on notice that an audit committee was recommending his dismissal because of invoicing irregularities in a company audit . 
The amount Bally and Mr. Trump will pay to settle the class-action suit pales in comparison to the $ 45 million Walt Disney Co. and Saul Steinberg 's Reliance Group Holdings Inc. agreed to pay to settle a similar suit in July . 
Central 's assets are $ 240 million . 
But to Hong Kong , China is n't purely business . 
This year , Hoechst will produce about 62,000 tons of CFCs in factories in Frankfurt , Spain and Brazil . 
Mr. Bass is based in Fort Worth . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Ferro closed at $ 25.25 , down 50 cents . 
A stock-index future is a contract to buy or sell the market value of a basket of stocks , such as the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index . 
Paribas said it would publish details of its bid once authorities clear it . 
Lotus , Cambridge , Mass. , has been rumored to have the sale of the four-year-old unit under consideration for a year . 
