And in the past , Congress has viewed monitoring as an issue best handled in union negotiations . 
Leonard Lauder , president and chief executive officer of Estee Lauder , said consumer magazines are suffering from what he called `` niche-itis , '' the increasing number of magazines that target the idosyncratic interests of readers . 
Taipei was closed for a holiday . 
But there were fewer price swings than expected . 
Revenue was $ 873.9 million , up 7.3 % from $ 814.8 million . 
Asarco also reported third-quarter net income rose 14 % , to $ 52.7 million , or $ 1.25 a share , from a restated $ 46.2 million , or $ 1.10 a share , a year earlier . 
We have people in high place still lying through their teeth about Iran-Contra , and that apparently is n't going to change . 
Unfortunately , this problem continued even after Gen. Noriega 's indictment . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
United Technologies Corp. won an $ 18 million Army contract for helicopter modifications and spare parts . 
Mr. Labovitz is president of ODI , a consulting firm in Burlington , Mass . 
Do n't worry ; people will learn to read as long as there are TV program listings . 
In addition to paying for earthquake and fire damage , the insurer must cover worker-compensation claims and also losses due to businesses being shut down by lack of power or phone service . 
Meanwhile , the government 's Land Bureau reports that only about a third of Korean families own their own homes . 
They will be joined by Larry Gainen , who resigned from the firm of LePatner , Gainen & Block . 
A company spokesman said the gain on the sale could n't be estimated until the `` tax treatment has been determined . 
Westridge Capital 's frenetic trading reflects the changes sweeping through the previously sleepy world of indexing . 
However , Mr. Ortega was included . 
Harry J. Pearce , named general counsel in May 1987 , says the reduction is a cost-cutting measure and an effort to let the No. 1 auto maker 's 134-lawyer in-house legal department take on matters it is better equipped and trained to handle . 
While rights fees head skyward , ad rates wo n't . 
Hudson 's Bay said that Woodbridge Co. , which currently holds about 77 % of the ordinary shares , will subscribe for all the shares to which it is entitled and for any shares that are n't otherwise taken up . 
But the officials insist that such a deal on a future vote would have to apply to both the House and the Senate . 
`` That 's different than wrecking them . '' 
Another concern is liquidity , or how easily a security can be converted into cash . 
A year earlier , the company had a deficit of $ 1.5 million , or six cents a share . 
`` The institutions have driven ( commission ) rates down to the point where it makes no sense to commit capital , '' says Tom Gallagher , senior executive vice president in charge of institutional trading at Oppenheimer & Co . 
The combined effect of these changes is expected to save the company about $ 4 million in interest expenses next year , or six cents a share . 
Timber stocks got a big boost . 
The single most important contribution the government could make now to help the poor is to get the specter of drugs out of their neighborhoods . 
The most recent sales do n't appear to be option-related , he said . 
S.A. Brewing , which is 20%-owned by Elders IXL Ltd. , Australia 's largest brewer , will make a takeover offer for all of Bell Resources if it exercises the option , the corporate regulators said in a statement . 
`` We need to get the kids away from the criminals into a less traumatic environment , '' says Mr. Edelman . 
If holders avoid tendering to Paribas , he added , they can expect strong dividends again next year . 
Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas says it has n't had any problem recruiting , even after a nurse contracted the virus while injecting an AIDS patient . 
To be exotic was to be patronized as well as prized , but for the most part Paris was a friendly island in a racist world . 
Estee Lauder , for example , spends only an estimated 5 % of sales on advertising in the U.S. , and Mr. Lauder says he has no plans to change his strategy . 
So it will take many quarters for IBM to roll out all the products that customers need , and it will take years for customers to integrate the products into their operations . 
New Canaan Investments is a closely held investment partnership with interests primarily in the packaging industry . 
Under { RICO } , the government may seek a temporary restraining order ( TRO ) upon the filing of a RICO indictment , in order to preserve all forfeitable assets until the trial is completed and judgment entered . 
The utility 's stock closed at $ 4 a share , up 37.5 cents , in composite trading on the Big Board . 
Bob Evans Inc. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as 500,000 shares of its common . 
But the ever-changing laws are usually so complicated and confusing that `` you need professionals to help you ; you ca n't do it yourself , '' he adds . 
In the asset-backed market , a big offering of Ford Motor Credit Corp . auto-loan securities was increased in size after strong institutional demand . 
For Cathay Pacific Airways , the smooth ride may be ending . 
`` It does n't make sense to parachute out at this price , '' Mr. Steinhardt says , though he has stopped his takeover talk and now commends USAir managers ' `` operating skills . '' 
Paramount and MCA , according to the broadcasting executive , plan to offer theatrical movies produced separately by Paramount and MCA for Wednesdays and perhaps a block of original shows Fridays . 
As Robert Coles wrote in a review of Ms. Malcolm 's book , Mr. Masson emerges `` as a grandiose egotist ... and , in the end , a self-destructive fool . 
The March futures contract traded as high as 14.24 cents , but could n't sustain the advance , '' he said . 
But most structural engineers attributed the destruction to improper reinforcement of the columns that supported the decks , and the fact that the ground beneath the highway is largely landfill and can become unstable , or `` liquefy , '' in a major quake . 
But major packaged-goods players of the world -- such as Procter & Gamble , Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever -- have steadfastly eluded the agency . 
`` People say they swim , and that may mean they 've been to the beach this year , '' says Krys Spain , research specialist for the President 's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports . 
Why is this happening ? 
VIACOM Inc. 's loss narrowed to $ 21.7 million in the third quarter from $ 56.9 million a year ago . 
However , the bridge , which charges a $ 1 toll each way , does have `` loss of income '' insurance to replace lost revenue if the operation of the bridge is interrupted for more than seven days . 
After another session Mr. Phelan held yesterday with major brokerage firms such as Morgan Stanley & Co. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and First Boston -- all of which have engaged in program trading -- an executive of a top brokerage firm said , `` Clearly , the firms want the exchange to take leadership . '' 
Activity continued to slow from the hectic pace set during the market 's plunge late Friday and its rebound Monday , as players began to set their sights on events coming later this week . 
The bill also provides $ 620.5 million to meet U.S. contributions to international organizations and $ 80 million for peace-keeping activities . 
Mason serves commercial and government customers , including the National Institutes of Health . 
In a convertible mortgage , the investor lends the building owner a certain amount in return for the option to convert its interest into equity , usually less than 50 % , at the end of the loan term . 
Dow officials were signaling that the company would earn less than $ 15 a share this year even before they announced in July a plan to acquire 67 % of Marion Laboratories Inc . 
Exabyte Corp. had been planning to sell 10 % of its stock this week in an IPO that would raise up to $ 28.5 million . 
But the plan only threatens to heighten the tension and confusion already surrounding the cases that were filed in September 1988 . 
Prices of long-term Treasury bonds hovered in a narrow band most of the day , finishing little changed despite the dollar 's weakness and fears about a wave of government borrowing coming soon . 
The numbers suggest that the housing industry is still suffering the effects of the Federal Reserve 's battle against inflation . 
Eagle Financial Corp. and Webster Financial Corp. , two Connecticut savings bank-holding companies , agreed to merge in a tax-free stock transaction . 
They led for nary an inning in the four games , and managed to stir their fans only once . 
So after all , even the bitterest critic of rural exclusivity harbors a continuing yearning for those scarce , rural virtues thought to exist amid fields , forests and country lanes . 
Berthold is based in Wildbad , West Germany , and also has operations in Belgium . 
The company 's conduct `` does not even raise a question of wrongful corporate intent , ratification or cover-up , '' GE 's brief asserts . 
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market-makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100-share index . 
This is football country . 
While the theme is compelling , the plot and characters are not . 
Storm flooding caused back-ups on the freeway , and many commuters had to find rides to BART 's stations , because parking lots were full before dawn . 
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems . 
And laws requiring the reporting of more varieties of transactions have enabled the IRS to rely on computers to ferret out discrepancies with returns and to generate form-letter inquiries to taxpayers . 
Mr. Evans could n't be reached yesterday for comment . 
Revenue in the latest quarter rose 12 % to $ 6.6 billion from $ 5.91 billion . 
But Charlie Howley , vice president in charge of OTC trading at SoundView Financial in Stamford , Conn. , said the selling was orderly . 
But some other analysts have a stormier forecast for the pound , particularly because Britain 's inflation is hovering at a relatively lofty annual rate of about 7.6 % and the nation is burdened with a struggling government and large current account and trade deficits . 
This autumn 's edition of the biannual fair will run through Oct. 31 . 
Medical-supply houses are expected to report earnings increases of about 15 % on average for the third quarter , despite sales increases of less than 10 % , analysts say . 
The CIA 's Deputy Director of Operations , Richard Stoltz , tried to smooth things over a few days later , but instead simply underlined Mr. Webster 's point . 
At the close , the narrower 30-share index was up 19.7 points to 1721.4 . 
And federal insurance protected the bank 's 631,163 depositors . 
`` One of the stories of the fourth quarter is that we will get an unusual number of earnings disappointments from companies sensitive to the economy , '' says Mr. Boesel of T. Rowe Price . 
ABB Asea Brown Boveri B.V. said it signed a contract for the largest-ever power plant order in the Netherlands . 
Car sales slackened in September after the 1990 models were introduced . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3392.49 , off 
A Tucson Electric spokesman said the utility was disappointed by the commission 's decision and `` concerned about the financial integrity of the company . 
A merchant bank and investment fund have agreed to co-sponsor a reorganization plan to bring Sharon Steel Corp. out of Chapter 11 proceedings and to acquire the company 's steel-related assets in a transaction valued at more than $ 300 million . 
For the nine months , the company expects to post a net loss of about $ 879,000 , or 35 cents to 40 cents a share , on revenue of $ 6.5 million . 
Hiroyuki Wada , general manager of the stock department at Okasan Securities , said Monday 's trading was `` unfocused . '' 
NBC , a unit of General Electric Co. , has n't decided on a permanent replacement for the canceled series . 
Turner Broadcasting System Inc. said it formed a unit to make and distribute movies to theaters overseas and , eventually , to U.S. theaters , too . 
This phenomenon often makes stock prices swing wildly at the end of the trading session . 
It also provides teachers with a superior self-definition as a `` profession , '' since they will have passed courses in educational psychology and educational philosophy . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set March 9 , 1989 . 
The Dalai Lama , who was just awarded the Nobel Peace Prize , lives in exile in India . 
Now , in the '90s , we 're headed toward a total resort environment . '' 
The candidates have been crisscrossing this huge country of 145 million people , holding rallies and televised debates in hope of being elected to what must be one of the world 's most thankless political jobs : trying to drag Brazil out of its economic and social mess . 
Not everyone believes that the good times are over for shippers . 
By law , the council includes the president , vice president and secretaries of state and defense . 
Mrs. Thatcher , who was practicing the read-my-lips school of politics years before Mr. Bush encountered it , has made clear her opposition to refashioning Britain 's free-market policies to suit the bureaucrats in Brussels . 
It is a knock-out battle -- perhaps to the death . 
The fact sheet , dated April 1986 , says on page three : `` If the price paid for a CD purchased in the secondary market ... is higher than the accreted value in the case of zero-coupon CDs , the difference ... is not insured ... . 
For example , an investor may seek to profit during some takeover situations by buying stock in one company involved and shorting the stock of the other . 
`` This is a democratic process -- you ca n't slam-dunk anything around here . '' 
Torchmark also said that Samuel E. Upchurch Jr. , 37 , vice president and general counsel , was selected to serve the remainder of the term vacated by John S.P. Samford , who resigned as director . 
Despite the dire assessments of knowledgeable garden professionals , Ms. Bartlett 's South Gardens design somehow continues on , seemingly impervious to reason , stalled only by bureaucratic lethargy and logistical complications . 
Tokyu Group announced during the weekend that each Group company will buy the others ' stocks to defend themselves against a rumored takeover . 
Chambers Development Class A jumped 3 1\/8 to 37 1\/8 and Class B rose 2 5\/8 to 37 1\/4 . 
The director of Zimbabwe 's Wildlife Department described American conservationists as `` fat little puppies from urban environments who do n't know a thing about Africa . '' 
Dictates of good sense to the contrary not withstanding , the general inclination was to believe that the disturbance would be brief and that ball would be played . 
The hard drive , which is the storage device of choice for virtually every desktop computer user , also now will supplement Next 's futuristic optical device if buyers pay full price . 
The package helps carriers solve pricing problems , such as how to react to discounts offered by competitors or what would be the optimum number of seats to offer at a given price . 
Marion Harper , 73 , founder and ex-chief executive of Interpublic Group of Cos. , in Oklahoma City , of a heart attack . 
Joseph W. Robertson , 61 , was dismissed from those posts , the company said . 
Neither Mr. Addison nor any other Southern Co. official has been charged with any wrongdoing in connection with the current inquiries . 
Earlier this month , Mr. Icahn boosted his USX stake to 13.4 % . 
The 220 pilots involved in the suit are n't members of the union . 
$ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills . 
Israel was seated by a vote of 95-37 , with 15 abstentions . 
Though I 've been blessed with academic degrees and some success in the materialistic world , I 've never forgotten or lost contact with those memories of the 1930s . 
In the late 1960s she designed a lightweight stretch bra that boosted sales . 
It 's a tough thing when you ca n't . 
Other magazine publishing companies have been moving in the same direction . 
One senior vice president at Bechtel said he got up at 3 a.m. to drive into San Francisco from the East Bay . 
Matagorda County Navigation District No. 1 , Texas -- $ 70,315,000 of pollution control revenue Alternative Minimum Tax ( AMT ) bonds ( South Texas Project Units No. 1 and 2 ) , via a Goldman Sachs group . 
The company said the gains were tied to volume increases and higher prices . 
Yet the state alone sells seeds and machines . 
Marketers themselves are partly to blame : They 've increased spending for coupons and other short-term promotions at the expense of image-building advertising . 
Earnings at the department-store division , which generates the bulk of profit , should remain at least stable , while income at the mail-order and tourism units is likely to fall slightly from 1988 , the company said . 
`` It 's quite a bombshell , '' said one , adding that the offer could spark a period of industry consolidation . 
They want psyllium prices low for their purchases next year . 
As part of a restructuring announced earlier this year , the company proposed in August to exchange 168 newly issued common shares for each $ 1,000 face value of debt . 
He received $ 724,579 for the shares , according to insider filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
The two companies later agreed to settle for $ 95 million . 
`` This is a good quarter for us in terms of our business fundamentals , '' said Sam Ginn , chairman and chief executive officer . 
Without Moscow 's military and party behind it , East Germany runs the risk of disintegrating . 
The simplest , most traditional form of permanent insurance is the straight whole life policy . 
She finds the response of Marina residents -- primarily yuppies and elderly people -- to the devastation of their homes `` incredible . 
Several airlines , including Lufthansa , JAL and Cathay Pacific Airways , are working on a so-called global cargo system and are trying to attract other carriers to join , Mr. Daly said . 
Ms. Renk says retailers nixed a promotion for pins with animal motifs . 
The operation , which has been slow to respond to consumers ' shifting tastes away from fried foods , has been developing a grilled-chicken product that may be introduced nationally at the end of next year . 
Separately , Purchase , N.Y.-based PepsiCo Inc. , as expected , said fiscal third-quarter net rose 11 % to $ 269.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , from $ 241.6 million , or 91 cents a share . 
But even that goal may prove optimistic . 
But the spokesman added that while Michael will earn less than last year 's $ 1.20 a share , it thinks Street estimates of $ 1 or so are low . ) 
TVA , which operates one of the nation 's largest electric power systems , is a corporation owned by the federal government . 
Recognition Equipment said it expected to put the agreement with Prospect to a vote of its stockholders at a special meeting in January . 
Apparently the officials did n't even know the mural was missing until 1980 , when a researcher found that the painting was in Mr. Hoelzer 's studio and questioned school officials about it . 
The cash payout will be reduced by 40 % of any amount by which the weighted mean price of Ramada 's common stock exceeds $ 14 on the day the transaction closes . 
NASAA estimates that nearly 90 % of planners receive some or all of their income from sales commissions on securities , insurance and other financial products they recommend . 
Charles Redmond , a NASA spokesman , said the agency discovered the virus on Monday on the collection of computer networks collectively called Internet and expected 100 university centers to be infected by today . 
No doubt there is something to irk everyone in this AT&T-sponsored dramatization of Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein 's book about Watergate . 
After the offering is completed , Macmillan will own about 56 % of the Berlitz common stock outstanding . 
They are economists and financial reporters who sympathize with the view that a capital-gains tax cut benefits the rich . 
Could he plausibly interpret it as encouragement for the Fed to give primary emphasis to stabilizing the price level ? 
Air-traffic problems , though often quite grim , This time of year leave us in stitches , When we notice around our airport A holding pattern for witches . 
On Monday , when a mere seven common stocks managed new highs , six were utilities or golds . 
A profit last year in both the quarter and year included a net gain of $ 9.6 million , or 44 cents a share , from the sale of a division . 
FAR FEWER elderly nursing home residents bankrupt themselves than was previously believed , two recent studies declare . 
The market also shrugged off positive factors , such as higher bond prices and a slowdown in monetary growth in September , traders said . 
Canadian officials said the trade pact has kindled an export interest among many small Canadian companies that previously had little or no foreign sales . 
Venezuela will hold a debt-equity auction Friday , with 32 potential bidders participating . 
`` You have a whole staff standing ready '' to evaluate the appropriateness of recommended treatment , he said . 
Pamela Sutherland , executive director of the Illinois Planned Parenthood Council , says she and her allies are `` cautiously optimistic '' they can defeat it if it comes to a floor vote . 
Art , says the playwright in `` Wedding Song , '' is `` the surrogate for the action that an idealist like me is unable to take . '' 
Berkeley very quiet right now . 
Kyle Technology Corp. said a Seattle investor has signed a letter of intent to buy the company for about $ 3.1 million , or $ 1.20 a share . 
Peter Karches , managing director at underwriter Morgan Stanley & Co. , said the issue was oversubscribed . 
This city does n't work that way . '' 
Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 21\/32 , up 5\/32 . 
Aaron Ment , Connecticut 's chief court administrator , declined to comment on the suit and the EEOC 's intervention . 
But USAir might not want to help Mr. Steinhardt , he adds . 
Sales increased 11 % to # 2.5 billion from # 2.25 billion , while operating profit climbed 13 % to # 225.7 million from # 199.8 million . 
Otto Wichterle , a Czech , invented them in 1962 . 
Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a `` sell '' recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake-up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet . 
The bids and rate proposals generally assume the Seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed , will go into operation . 
Down the street , a car pulls into the Shell station and is surrounded by black attendants . 
Insider selling is not unusual at Dun & Bradstreet ; in fact , the recent pace of selling is just about average for the company , according to figures compiled by Invest\/Net , a North Miami , Fla. , firm that specializes in tracking and analyzing SEC insider filings . 
Michael Alexander , a senior editor at Computerworld , a trade publication , said he was told that the worm gets into a computer center by looking for obvious passwords -- such as ones that are the same as the user 's name . 
`` The cash from the sale will go to L.J. Hooker , but the company itself will belong to Sam Merksamer . '' 
Sotheby 's has been aggressively promoting the Dorrance sale . 
Five states -- Oregon , Rhode Island , New Hampshire , Iowa and Wisconsin -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage , but measures in 19 other states were defeated . 
Under the initial proposal , for example , banks would have been required to disclose that portion of allowances for loan losses that reflects specific letters of credit for which customers had defaulted . 
Their views on health care and welfare did n't much matter , though HHS spends billions a year on both . 
Warner says that what it really wants is for the producers to fulfill their contractual obligations , but the bitterness of this battle and the accusations flying on both sides make it unlikely that the decade-long relationship between Warner and its two most prolific producers can ever be repaired . 
Saturday night she dined in an emergency shelter on salmon steaks prepared by chefs from one of the city 's four-star restaurants . 
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire . 
Among other things , the memo contends that Young & Rubicam gave false assurances that the investigation would n't uncover any information that would `` embarrass the government of Jamaica or the Jamaica Tourist Board . '' 
Supplemental Security Income payments to the disabled also will rise 4.7 % , starting with checks received on Dec. 29 , 1988 , increasing the maximum SSI payment to $ 386 from $ 368 a month . 
Mr. Asman should make distinctions among Fidel , the army and the Cuban people . 
PENALTY OVERHAUL is still likely , congressional sources say . 
`` And it 's relaxing . 
But Phillips persisted , calling in scientists from the Salk Institute . 
The White House , never eager for a fight , was happy to try , which is why George Bush said he was looking for `` flexibility '' last week . 
When the going gets tough , it 's tough to trade stocks in continental Europe . 
Mr. McElroy , 54 years old , will remain president and chief executive officer of the unit . 
According to Chinese customs figures , import growth has slowed in recent months , dropping to 16 % in July and 7.1 % in August from the year-earlier periods , compared with an average growth rate of 26 % in the first half . 
At least one analyst noted that as production improves , the concern among traders is whether the prospective increased supply will find buyers because of uncertainty over national economies . 
Gallery directors , meanwhile , say Mr. Paul and others of his ilk have left an indelible mark on the art world -- and not for the better . 
In September , DWG , a Miami Beach , Fla. , holding company controlled by financeer Victor Posner , rejected an offer from a group of Arby 's franchisees to acquire Arby 's for $ 200 million . 
Nearly 20 years ago , Mr. Morishita , founder and chairman of Aichi Corp. , a finance company , received a 10-month suspended sentence from a Tokyo court for violating a money-lending law and an income tax law . 
Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . 
If all goes well , the product will be rolled out for national sales sometime next year , a Coke spokesman said . 
Then it had a series of smaller glitches , including problems manufacturing certain personal computers and the delay in the announcement of some important workstations . 
`` Because of shrinkage in the economy , rates can be expected to decline over a one-year horizon , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote . 
Worth watching , although the music has lasted better than the plot or the humor . 
Clearly , the judge has had his share of accomplishments . 
`` But the real future of this game is in a number of people owning a few horses . '' 
You might find something , but the chances are low , '' said Michael Ellman , an analyst at Wertheim Schroder & Co . 
The Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association , a Lexington , Ky.-based trade group , has launched `` seminars '' for `` potential investors '' at race tracks around the country . 
The issue is far-reaching . 
The proposal values the company 's real estate operation at $ 2 billion . 
`` We were oversold and today we bounced back . 
The Kraft package included a specially published cookbook , a national free-standing insert in Sunday newspapers , and a Kraft `` advertorial '' section that ran in five Meredith magazines . 
It does not matter if one is defeated , provided the work that gets the award has unmistakable qualities . 
`` Likewise , no government will stop this idea of the Afrikaners . '' 
But they must also assign a price to each of these items as well as to floors , wallcoverings , roofing and siding , to come up with a total value for a house . 
On the other hand , if we 're asking for something unreasonable or unethical and so on , then that 's a whole different story . 
The coupon on the issue will be reset in one year at a rate that will give the issue a market value of 101 . 
The Dow Jones industrials sank 26.23 points , to 2662.91 . 
Its government still wants to sit in the driver 's seat , set the speed , step on the gas , apply the brakes and steer , with 120 million people in the back seat . 
Essentially , he ca n't make any hostile moves unless he makes a tender offer at least $ 300 a share . 
Norris McLaughlin is a general-practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work . 
Under Massachusetts tax laws , corporations must pay 9.5 % of estimated profits resulting from business transactions in the state if the company conducts a variety of non-sales activities , including warranties , customer complaints and relations with independent dealerships . 
Based on the number of Mesa shares outstanding not already owned by StatesWest , the proposed takeover would have a value of about $ 15.3 million . 
BRIEFS : 
-- Golden Nugget rose 2 to 28 1\/4 . 
And Georgia-Pacific could save money in selling pulp , because the company uses its own sales organization while Nekoosa employs higher-cost agents . 
AN AUSTIN , Texas , company plans to make it easy for you show up in court a thousand miles away without leaving town . 
If conservatives do n't support an increase in the IMF 's capital , then it is incumbent on them to speak up now and explain the alternative . 
In a statement yesterday , Mr. Azoff said he chose Warner , the largest record company , because `` their standing in the entertainment industry is second to none . 
Cross & Trecker said negotiations are under way for the sale of another company , RobertsCorp . 
Last year , the tourists left $ 3 billion with the area 's casinos , nearly 10 % more than in 1987 . 
Revenue from financial and real-estate services jumped 23 % to $ 177.4 million from $ 144.1 million a year ago . 
`` It pretty much confirms what we had been expecting , '' said Anthony Hatch , an analyst at PaineWebber Inc . 
At the other end of the life cycle is `` Dad , '' Gary David Goldberg 's adaptation of the William Wharton novel . 
Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. lost its second recent arbitration case involving a former bond-trading executive . 
Craig Forman in London contributed to this article . 
Imperial said it had n't been served with this suit either . 
Although `` it 's still difficult to raise money for a pure wildcat program , '' says William Thomas , a Texas Commerce Bank official in Houston , `` institutions are starting to see there are cycles to these things , and this one is beginning to turn . '' 
It would allow all defendants to introduce statistical evidence showing racially disproportionate application of the death penalty in the past . 
Following is a weekly listing of unadited net asset values of publicly traded investment fund shares , reported by the companies as of Friday 's close . 
David Shaffer was named to the new post of executive vice president of the Maxwell Macmillan group of this communications giant . 
Finnair would receive SAS shares valued at the same amount , officials said . 
In another compartment called the Linden Bosque , 62 linden trees were to be crowded together at killing intervals of 10 or 16 feet . 
The total borrowing will be about $ 208 million , the company said . 
I can not recall any disorder in currency markets since the 1974 guidelines were adopted . 
And the Treasury 's $ 17.6 billion auction of short-term bills , which generated strong buying interest , helped to lift the bond market out of the doldrums . 
To watch your child die is an inhuman experience . '' 
The drop , following a 6.2 % decline in August , indicates the industry is still being hurt by the Fed 's anti-inflation battle . 
It was then split into Playtex Apparel Inc. , the intimate apparel division , and Playtex Family Products Corp. , which makes tampons , hair-care items and other products . 
Neither was among the 46 traders indicted last August in a federal investigation of traders at both the Merc and the Chicago Board of Trade . 
`` We 're saying companies have to pay increasing attention to balance sheets , '' said Mr. Kerschner . 
The move is sure to heighten concerns about increased Japanese investment in U.S. biotechnology firms . 
Japanese demand grew by 70 % in the first half of this year and the nation plans an issue of a silver commemorative coin that will require 4.5 million ounces . 
Last month , Paribas 's archrival , Cie . Financiere de Suez , won a battle for Groupe Victoire , France 's second-largest private-sector insurer , which itself had just acquired West Germany 's Colonia Versicherung AG . 
The average discount rate on three-month bills was 7.78 % and the rate on six-month bills was 7.62 % . 
Mr. Coffee is a professor at Columbia Law School . 
Leading the assault against the Egg King has been United Egg Producers . 
It 's an unrealistic expectation . 
Better than all those offers you get to buy securities backed by nothing . 
Earlier , Japan had said it might file a reservation against the ivory ban decided by ballot at the 103-nation United Nations Conference on International Trade in Endangered Species in Switzerland last week . 
`` It was a good reminder that we all need to prepare prior to an event . '' 
Chickens carry this bacteria , which can cause upset stomachs and , in rare cases , death among people . 
Bankers believed in the greater-fool theory that says somebody else is always willing to pay more . 
`` European companies are looking to buy American ones , '' said Henry King , the managing partner at that firm . 
Perhaps the biggest hurdle owners face is convincing newcomers that this is a reputable business . 
For example , Akzo has only minor petrochemical operations , is small in plastics and does n't make fertilizers . 
`` The issue is n't age -- age is just a number . 
The suit 's impact on New York may be narrow , however . 
The unit 's first two offerings are slated to be `` The Secret Life of Ian Fleming , '' a dramatization about the former British spy who wrote the James Bond novels , and `` Treasure Island , '' produced by Charlton Heston , who also stars in the movie . 
Either copy can make the proteins needed to control cell growth , so for cancer to arise , both copies must be impaired . 
`` There 's nothing in here that 's horrible and nothing to make you think they 're setting the world on fire , '' said Carole Berger , analyst for C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc . 
She crouched down by the car window and addressed her husband with her favorite nickname : 
`` The side effects { of cyclosporine } have made the penalty for its success rather high , '' Dr. Starzl said . 
He was performing for pay , and why should anyone expect anything more ? 
The average one-year savings-type CD was down to 7.99 % from 8.01 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , a New York information service that tracks CD yields . 
The increase is on the base price , which is already being discounted by virtually all steel producers . 
And in Paris , Mahmoud Vaezi , Iran 's vice minister of foreign affairs , began a five-day visit to discuss such matters as compensation to French enterprises for contracts broken by the Khomeini regime . 
Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover-stock trader that owns UAL stock , would n't comment on reports the firm is considering seeking such a shareholder vote . 
Until the tanker spill , Big Oil was slowly convincing authorities it could safely produce from such places . 
The Federal Reserve System is the standard object of suggestions for organizational and institutional changes , for two reasons . 
But the steam may never reach the engine room . 
Burmah Oil PLC , a British independent oil company , said its West German subsidiary Castrol has a 49 % share in Explonaft G.m.b.H. , a new Polish lubricants company . 
Related Roommates Trim Hospital Bills 
It suddenly dawns on Mr. Hammack that rebuilding the house in Los Gatos , an affluent community in Santa Clara County , may cost more than Aetna 's policy will pay . 
The purchase of Nekoosa would easily eclipse Georgia-Pacific 's $ 530 million acquisition of Brunswick Pulp & Paper Co. last year . 
DPC made a $ 15-a-share bid for the company in May , but Dataproducts management considered the $ 283.7 million proposal unacceptable . 
Yet Israel will neither share power with all these Arabs nor , says its present prime minister , redraw its borders closer to its pre-1967 Jewish heartland . 
Mr. Thomson , a tall , Scottish-born , right-hand hitter , stepped into the batter 's box . 
USAir fell 2 1\/2 to 40 . 
T.T. Ram Mohan contributed to this article . 
The contract was first proposed more than two years ago , but shortly afterward , the colony 's markets were hit hard by the October 1987 global stock crash . 
Each group controls more than 40 % of Rally 's stock . 
On Capitol Hill , though , there does n't seem to be sufficient sentiment to pair capital gains and the deficit-reduction bill . 
V.H. Van Horn , National Convenience president and chief executive officer , said the move reflects the company 's realization that the industry 's poor performance stems from its failure to give customers what they want -- rather than from increasing competition from gasoline stations and 24-hour grocery stores . 
Revenue rose 14 % to $ 4.03 billion from $ 3.54 billion . 
The collapse of the span has provoked surprise and anger among state officials . 
B.A.T Industries PLC won overwhelming shareholder approval for a defensive restructuring to fend off a # 13.35 billion ( $ 21.23 billion ) takeover bid from Sir James Goldsmith . 
Bigger rivals , such as Aetna and Allianz , backed by armies of statisticians using computers in hundreds of branches , operate more efficiently and often can offer lower rates , brokers say . 
Only one thing is certain here : Pysllium is likely to remain solely an export item from Sidhpur for a long time . 
Nelson Bunker Hunt 's attempted corner on silver a decade ago is still haunting the market in this metal . 
More than 1,000 Muscovites attended the service . 
James Earl Jones and Mario Van Peebles carry out a bitter intergenerational dialogue between two black men . 
The new options carry out part of an agreement that the pension fund , under pressure to relax its strict participation rules and to provide more investment options , reached with the SEC in December . 
President 
Doing business with the Russians , once the pursuit of a handful of hardened veterans , has become the goal of such major companies as General Motors Corp. , Federal Express Corp. and Procter & Gamble Co. , as well as a cluster of smaller firms . 
President Bush chose Martin Allday , a longtime friend from Texas , to be chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission . 
Richard Stoltzman has taken a gentler , more audience-friendly approach . 
He said , while dialogue is important , enough forums already exist `` in which different interests '' can express themselves . 
But a medical clinic with about 20 employees wrongly listed all of them -- including physicians and receptionists -- as independent contractors . 
Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks , and many houses and storefronts are empty . 
At TWA , the System Board of Adjustment hears 50 to 75 cases a year , only a fraction of the complaints brought to personnel specialists . 
At the same time it has been caught in an earnings squeeze . 
Takeover fever has cooled , removing a major horse from the market 's cart . 
Mr. Katz notes that some economists have been predicting a recession for at least two years . 
On the way to that goal , she received her first U.S. paycheck for proofreading a book of Polish poetry , attended secretarial school , then went to work for a fund-raising organization . 
Flight Attendants Lag Before Jets Even Land 
The law firm has filed a friend-of-the-court brief jointly with the Washington Legal Foundation , a conservative legal group . 
In recent weeks , traders said , Chemical has sold more than $ 1 billion of tax-free bonds . 
The entire division employs about 850 workers . 
Over the past three years , thousands of people here have made use of looser travel restrictions to get their first taste of life abroad . 
Earnings from the bank 's global consumer business grew 27 % . 
All told , Mr. Parker does a better job of making a novel out of this abandoned fragment than anyone might have had a right to expect . 
Quite the contrary -- it results from years of work by members of the National Council on the Handicapped , all appointed by President Reagan . 
The reason , ad executives say , is that the entire magazine business has been soft -- and National Geographic has some quirks that make it especially unattractive during a soft market . 
In addition , another major building tenant , Thomson McKinnon Inc. 's Thomson McKinnon Securities , likely will vacate the premises as part of its liquidation . 
When we look closely at our own history , it is clear that our constitutionally mandated civil rights have evolved not through the goodness of people 's hearts but through legislation and constitutional amendments . 
`` But we do n't believe there is enough of a difference to be clinically significant , '' Dr. Sobel said . 
Traders and analysts said the divergence between the stock and bond markets is a sign of growing unease about the economic outlook . 
The story of a playwright 's stage debut unfolds in first-person monologues , in the manner of Faulkner 's `` The Sound and the Fury . '' 
Qintex Australia unveiled plans to restructure and sell assets to try to ease its financial problems . 
Mr. Foret , 44 , is a 15-year veteran of Texas Air and Texas International Airlines , its predecessor . 
Some bulk shipping rates have increased `` 3 % to 4 % in the past few months , '' said Salomon 's Mr. Lloyd . 
Total sales gained 20 % to 122.36 billion yen from 102.01 billion yen . 
And if a user is busy , `` he can set it for crisis mode : ` Do n't bother me with reports until Monday . ' '' 
Bob Stone is a fictional name , but the incident described is real . 
`` There may not be as many and the buyers may not get away with some of the things they 've done in the past , but deals wo n't disappear . '' 
If Mr. Krenz sticks to rigid policies the pressure from the Soviet Union could intensify . 
West Germany 's cost-of-living index rose a preliminary 0.3 % in October from September and was up 3.3 % from a year earlier , the Federal Statistics Office in Wiesbaden said . 
At yesterday 's closing price , $ 1 billion would buy back about 10 million shares , or less than 2 % of the roughly 580 million outstanding . 
Its 6,500 workers , who had battled Tiger 's management for years over givebacks , were union members until the day of the merger , when most of their unions were automatically decertified . 
One of the advantages of the hot-dipped process is that it allows the steel to be covered with a thicker coat of zinc more quickly . 
Quantum said it has agreed to purchase as much as $ 50 million in equity in the new company , if necessary , for the confirmation of the plan . 
For example , `` no load '' mutual funds remain a favorite with investors because they do n't carry a frontend sales commission . 
So far they have issued scores of subpoenas , some of which went to members of the New York Merc . 
Completion of the project is expected by mid-1992 . 
Economists said greatly increased consumer optimism , a larger money supply and higher stock prices helped lift the index . 
The partnerships said they may seek board representation , and they may seek the support of CACI 's board and other major shareholders in connection with their plans . 
The process typically begins when an institution , such as Citibank or Sears , Roebuck & Co. , takes a pool of credit-card or other receivables and sells them to a specially created trust . 
`` Attitudes { toward being acquired } are still negative , but they 're becoming more positive , '' Mr. Murasawa said . 
But it said the year-earlier results included gains of $ 23.5 million from divestitures . 
In Los Angeles , in our lean years , we gave parties . '' 
Apple recently hired its first Japanese president , luring away an official of Toshiba 's European operations , as well as a whole Japanese top-management team . 
Still , caution is advisable . 
Why do you maintain the House-passed capital-gains plan is a `` temporary '' reduction when it is not ? 
The share buy-back plan is likely to underpin B.A.T 's share price . 
The other meals do n't matter . '' 
The Robertson Stephens Index of 340 emerging growth stocks is up 23.1 % for the year through Friday . 
Chinese officials said armed police would replace soldiers in Tiananmen Square as part of a scaling down of Beijing 's five-month-old state of emergency . 
He said Mr. Steinberg had insisted that the merger talks move quickly . 
Sales rose 2 % to $ 437.5 million from $ 430.3 million . 
Cast as Violetta Valery in a new production of Verdi 's `` La Traviata , '' Ms. Gruberova last week did many things nicely and others not so well . 
Many have launched promotions to attract new fans and are renegotiating dated stadium contracts . 
Nuovo Banco 's second largest shareholder , the Fiat S.p.A.-controlled investment concern , Gemina S.p.A. , fought to have Generali 's offer approved . 
On Oct. 22 , led by Saudi Arabia , the world 's largest exporter , they embargoed oil shipments to the U.S. and to the Netherlands , Israel 's staunchest European ally . 
A small but growing number of companies are also trying to instill more fervent brand loyalty through such personalized direct-marketing ploys as catalogs , magazines and membership clubs for brand users . 
Computations involving zero-coupon CDs are more complicated and you should discuss any questions you may have with your financial consultant . '' 
Frank plans the program , takes care of business , and approaches the work like any other job . 
Poland produces about 20 times more soot and five times more sulfur dioxide and solid waste per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe . 
Dealers said it was hit by some profit-taking after gains since mid-week . 
But the two countries remain separated by a cultural barrier wider than the ocean . 
The year-ago quarter 's results were crimped by expenses associated with Spiegel 's $ 260 million acquisition of catalog-clothing-merchandiser Eddie Bauer , Spiegel noted . 
A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue-chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . 
Not all those who wrote oppose the changes . 
But the Dow Jones Transportation Average fell for the seventh-consecutive session as more investors dumped UAL shares . 
`` Institutions that usually buy retail paper have to be more concerned . '' 
Volume totaled 132.1 million shares , which is about average for the year . 
Unlike stop orders -- which are filled at the market price when the stop price is hit -- stop-limit orders demand that the trades be made only at the specified price . 
Moreover , a recent government report showing widespread layoffs in manufacturing had contributed to perceptions that the manufacturing sector of the economy had slowed to a crawl . 
In major market activity : 
The Southfield , Mich.-based company earned $ 774,000 in the quarter last year . 
`` Every department store in Japan is taking a look , '' says Mike Allen , a retail analyst at Barclay 's de Zoete Wedd Securities ( Japan ) Ltd . 
Now , those red applelike things stores sell in summer are fruitbowl lovely , but usually not good eating . 
That 's what will keep computer makers coming in spite of the irritation of bugs . 
Showtime is a distant No. 2 to Home Box Office , and in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit against Time Warner , charging the company and its HBO and American Television cable units with conspiring to monopolize the pay TV business . 
A poll of South Koreans showed overwhelming opposition to efforts to curb dog-meat consumption just because it offends foreigners . 
But Ford , Jaguar 's biggest shareholder since lifting its stake to 10.4 % this week , is pressing harder for talks with Sir John . 
The Philadelphia Fed says it is merely an `` agent '' for coins , responsible only for storage and distribution . 
The controversy kicked up by the proliferation of these all-terrain bicycles is one of the most divisive storms to blow through the national conservation movement in recent memory . 
Prospect Street High Income Portfolio , for instance , now holds about 15 % in cash and equivalents , nearly quintuple the amount it held earlier this year , says John Frabotta , portfolio co-manager . 
They were either too small or uneconomic to maintain , the company said . 
Last Friday , he told the staff of Ms. that the magazine in January would begin publishing without advertising . 
He is taken aback in an interview when asked whether , as mayor , he plans on reforming the political `` fiefdoms '' that perpetuate the monumental ineffectiveness of New York 's school system . 
`` He is cornered , '' says the Rev. Fernando Guardia , who has led Catholic Church opposition against Noriega . 
It said it will buy back two million shares , or 18.4 % , of the total outstanding , and continue operations buying and managing real estate . 
There was limited production of some models yesterday , but it was n't clear when the normal 750-car-a-day pace will resume . 
As they conferred near East Berlin , a pro-democracy protest erupted in the Baltic city of Greifswald , and activists threatened further rallies against leader Krenz 's expected hard-line policies . 
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non-Communist government 's economic changes . 
So here 's a rundown of the most common types of market orders permitted by the stock and commodity exchanges . 
Scientists caution there is a chance the magnet technique might spark seizures in epileptics . 
Judith Elkin , lawyer for the creditors , said the creditors group is challenging certain accounting entries on the parent company 's books and estimates that the receivable owed the steel company could be as much as $ 40 million . 
As Ruth , Moira Harris , a large and beautiful woman who may be our next Colleen Dewhurst , begins almost immediately to overpower each of the men . 
The developer and manager of futures-investment limited partnerships said preliminary results indicate that about 1,749,000 shares had been tendered , giving a preliminary proration factor of 0.6287 . 
But the money is n't peanuts either , particularly for a news program . 
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities . 
Not one thing in the house is where it is supposed to be , but the structure is fine . 
For the Parks and millions of other young Koreans , the long-cherished dream of home ownership has become a cruel illusion . 
Along with the car , Wacoal plans to launch a series of Caspita-brand men 's underwear . 
This decision resulted in at least some drugs entering the United States as a hidden cost of the war . '' 
Following World War II , when one family with mechanized equipment could farm crops formerly requiring 20 families , the surplus people were dumped into the mainstream of society with no Social Security , no skills in the workplace , no hope for their future except welfare . 
Whatever may be the problems with this system , it scarcely reflects `` zero risk '' or `` zero discharge . '' 
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 . 
Kawasaki-Rikuso , a freight company , set up its own software subsidiary this year and is spending nearly a year 's profit to more than double the computer terminals at its main office . 
Richard W. Lock , retired vice president and treasurer of Owens-Illinois Inc. , was named a director of this transportation industry supplier , increasing its board to six members . 
A spokeswoman for J.P. Morgan , parent of the bank Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. , confirmed its appointment to assist the managers but declined to elaborate . 
The strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff would construct the most effective defense program for each scenario , maximizing strengths and minimizing weaknesses . 
During the quarter , Pfizer received federal approval of Procardia XL , a calcium channel blocker approved for both angina and hypertension , and Monorail Piccolino , used to open obstructed coronary arteries . 
Really now , did she have to ask ? 
-- The construction of this station equal in size to the Egyptian pyramids constituted , I say it directly , a clear violation of ABM . 
What was my angle ? 
The Senate had refused late Friday to invoke cloture and limit debate , but behind the bipartisan leadership , a solid majority took shape yesterday and brushed aside amendments seeking to cut the total package or steer it away from direct aid to political parties . 
This way , depending on when a quake might strike , priorities can be assigned to departments that should be brought back on line first . 
But they attribute much of the weakness to customer inventory reductions . 
Abortion via the pill is far more of an ordeal than conventional surgical abortion . 
There is no reason that it can not be done for defense planning . 
While the U.S. share of the increase probably will not reach the $ 12 billion or more implicit in the IMF 's request for a doubling of its $ 90 billion capital , the administration probably will agree to a multibillion-dollar increase . 
People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that 's ` healthy ' for you -- oats , bran . '' 
Should they , too , stop `` messing with '' his free market ? 
The majority cited Mr. Masson 's remark `` It 's me alone ... against the rest of the analytic world '' as warrant for the Malcolm fabrication . 
Pemex 's customers also are pleased with the company 's new spirit . 
That effect holds true for both short-term and long-term bonds . 
Bay Financial Corp. , Boston , which has been reporting big losses and warning of a possible bankruptcy-law filing , said it was sued by a holder . 
IBM , which Gartner Group said generates 22 % of its revenue in this market , should be able to take advantage of its loyal following among buyers of equipment . 
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers . 
The company said the sale would produce a $ 1.2 billion gain in the fourth quarter . 
For the past week or so , traders have been expecting India to buy between 150,000 and 200,000 tons of refined sugar , and there have been expectations of a major purchase by Japan . 
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said it awarded General Dynamics Corp. a $ 64 million contract to launch the Combined Release and Radiation Effects Satellite in June 1990 . 
Some may try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities . 
U.S. District Judge Jack B. Weinstein of Brooklyn , N.Y. , ruled that a man implicated in an attack on an Israeli passenger bus in 1986 can be extradited to Israel for trial . 
Because of an error by the National Association of Securities Dealers , the listing appeared incorrectly in the main table and several highlight tables in yesterday 's edition . 
The Soviet owners will be Mossoviet , Moscow 's city governing body , and Aeroflot , the Soviet national airline . 
This hardly sounds like an anti-homosexual screed . 
And it treats such activities in a frivolous , cavalier fashion , with total indifference to common sense and public safety . 
Mesa Airlines said the takeover offer it received earlier this week from StatesWest Airlines is for a combination of cash and securities valued by StatesWest at $ 10 a Mesa share . 
Also , about 60 % of pachinko parlor owners are Korean , many of whom maintain close ties with North or South Korean residents ' organizations , and donations by such foreign groups are illegal in Japan . 
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded . 
Its neighbor , the De Young Museum , totaled $ 3 million to $ 5 million in structural damage and shattered sculpture . 
The leader in real estate brand names is developer Ara Hovnanian . 
NATO has n't budged from its insistence that any gun-carrying plane has offensive capability . 
Philip Morris Cos. is launching a massive corporate advertising campaign that will put the tobacco giant 's name in TV commercials for the first time since the early 1950s , when it stopped advertising its namesake cigarette brand on television . 
Typically , these measures include reforms to downsize the role of government and parastatals in the economy , to open up inward-looking economies to international competition and to promote the development of a vigorous private sector . 
Norwood , Mass.-based Phoenix , a once-high-flying maker of software for personal computers , has had substantial losses in the past two quarters . 
Ogilvy 's chairman , Kenneth Roman , is leaving to take a top post at American Express . 
The effects on the market of the mostly computer-driven sell-off among exchange-listed stocks irked many market makers , who watched the Nasdaq Composite Index tumble in sympathy with the Dow Jones Industrial Average , and then saw it get left behind in the subsequent rally . 
Currently , the company has about 88.1 million common shares outstanding . 
Eugene S. Clarke IV 
The husky blond guide with the Aggie cap twists his face in mock fury . 
But the news was even worse for Sears 's core U.S. retailing operation , the largest in the nation . 
It also is considered critical to the country 's efforts to both attract other investment from Taiwan and raise heavy industry capabilities . 
That 's the conclusion of an independent report prepared by the Office of Technology Assessment at the request of the House and Senate judiciary committees . 
The defense electronics concern attributed the operating improvement to higher profit margins and lower net interest expense . 
A heavy , kerchiefed woman runs a handful through her fingers , and counts him out a pile of zlotys . 
Mr. McKinney , 50 years old , was chairman and chief executive of American Fletcher Corp. , Indianapolis , when that bank holding company merged into Banc One in January 1987 . 
There was no cost estimate for the second phase . 
He used to be a boiler-room salesman , peddling investments in oil and gas wells and rare coins . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Racal Electric , which traded 11 million shares , declined 12 to 218 . 
Onstage , a congressional hearing is in progress , complete with elegant crystal chandelier overhead and a lifesize reproduction of the signing of the Constitution in the background . 
However , the resolve of some of the striking 57,000 machinists might be weakening . 
The TW buy-out may yet be financed . 
But he added : `` The mere fact of a meeting does n't deal with the substance of policy . '' 
The cash dividend paid on the common stock also will apply to the new shares , the company said . 
In Tokyo on Monday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.95 yen , up from Friday 's Tokyo close of 141.35 yen . 
The eucalyptus plantation and pulp mill , which would have covered about 175,000 acres in the Irian Jaya region , had been approved by Indonesia 's investment board . 
It was the third consecutive month in which thrifts shed assets to increase the size of their capital in relation to their assets , the Office of Thrift Supervision said . 
Instead , he says , most investors have to rely on the rumor-happy Indian press . 
After she heard about the artery-clogging hazards of tropical oils in many cookies , she dropped Pepperidge Farm and started buying brands free of such oils . 
Unisys said that should help it save $ 500 million a year in costs , again at the high end of the previously reported range of $ 400 million to $ 500 million . 
Several other reports come before Friday 's jobs data , including : the September leading indicators index , new-home sales and October agricultural prices reports due out tomorrow ; the October purchasing managers ' index and September construction spending and manufacturers ' orders on Wednesday ; and October chain-store sales on Thursday . 
But Mr. Wyss said he will watch the numbers to get an inkling of whether consumers ' general buying habits may slack off as much as their auto-buying apparently has . 
Baker had bitter experience of bigotry from her St. Louis childhood and her days in New York theater , where she was judged too dark for an all-black chorus line ( performing of course for all-white audiences ) . 
The ANC leaders speak in tones of moderation , emphasizing discipline , hoping the government will be encouraged to take further steps , such as freeing Nelson Mandela , the most prominent ANC figure , and unbanning the organization . 
The second ship , which is half-completed , is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 , and the third in fall 1991 . 
Heady stuff it 's not . 
Over the past nine months , several firms , including discount broker Charles Schwab & Co. and Sears , Roebuck & Co. 's Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. unit , have attacked program trading as a major market evil . 
Lilly officials said they had seen reports of hypoglycemic unawareness among some patients making the shift from animal to human insulin , but did n't know if the problem had caused any deaths . 
A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because , under the proposed guidelines , its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the `` core capital '' criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 . 
Jaguar PLC 's chairman said he hopes to reach a friendly pact with General Motors Corp. within a month that may involve the British luxury-car maker 's producing a cheaper executive model . 
`` If K mart ca n't get its act together in discounting , why is it spending time worrying about other growing markets ? '' 
If MGM Grand Inc. proceeds with its plan for an amusement park -- a $ 700 million movieland resort with a working studio , casino and 5,000-room hotel that would become Las Vegas 's biggest -- the investment in the three properties will total some $ 1.6 billion . 
At a nearby corner , they swerve perilously close to a listing apartment house , oblivious to any danger . 
Mr. Achenbaum , too , delves into his clients ' business . 
For the first time since the mid-1970s , Westinghouse this year has seen a significant increase in orders for power plants . 
Some economists expect further declines in investment spending . 
So far , however , Sony has n't been willing to meet its considerable financial demands . 
In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , `` I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . '' 
Yeah . 
When Isabella ( Ellen Lauren ) confronts her brother Claudio ( Matt Loney ) in his cell , explaining the price she has been asked to secure his freedom ; when Isabella and the disguised Duke ( Philip Kerr ) conspire to trick Angelo ; and when Mariana ( Annalee Jefferies ) , a woman wronged by Angelo , confronts him with his past misdeeds , the performers bring the dramatic high points to life with intense energy and intelligence . 
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack . 
He was finally given leave when he was arrested for allegedly buying crack . 
DHAWK : 
The two are also signing a trade agreement . 
We see a whole flock of programs that will impose significant costs on the American economy in the form of burdensome regulation and higher liabilities . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.45 % 30 days ; 8.32 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.17 % 120 days ; 8.08 % 150 days ; 7.98 % 180 days . 
On Friday , the Merc 's board announced that it had approved Sabine Pipe Line Co. 's Henry Hub in Erath , La. , as the delivery site for its long-awaited natural gas futures contract . 
In yesterday 's third-quarter earnings report , the company alluded to a $ 40 million provision for restructuring costs involving U.S. exploration and production operations . 
In the second quarter , middle-market cross-border transactions -- deals under $ 100 million each -- numbered 619 and totaled $ 6 billion , compared with 478 such transactions totaling $ 4.9 billion a year earlier , the firm said . 
`` Other cities are calling { groups booked here for tours and conferences } and -- not to be crass -- stealing our booking list , '' said Scott Shafer , a spokesman for Mayor Art Agnos . 
The authors , from Boston 's Beth Israel Hospital , say that 84 % of the 50 births they followed occurred after only two in vitro cycles . 
This is like asking foxes to feel remorse about chickens , and naturally rescissions are almost never approved . 
Keeping the mood light , the two then chanted and chortled their way through some murderous polyrhythms , devised by Mr. Douglas as an alternative to Hindemith 's dry theory-teaching techniques , and then , with Mr. Gomez , soared and improvised on the composer 's tight `` Bebop Etudes . '' 
While flying home from those discussions , Mr. Bush drafted a letter to Mr. Gorbachev suggesting an informal get-together to precede their formal summit next year . 
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers . 
What about triple-A-rated asset-backed issues ? 
He visits the same department every two or three weeks . 
In Washington and on Wall Street . 
Since the troop withdrawal , Moscow has poured in an additional $ 200 to $ 300 million worth per month -- nearly $ 2 billion since February , equivalent to the total U.S. aid to the resistance in nine years . 
Several Cineplex analysts have speculated that outside bids received by the committee were either disappointingly low or for only part of the company . 
FEDERAL JUDGE ALCEE HASTINGS of Florida , facing impeachment , received an unanticipated boost yesterday . 
A capital-gains tax cut plan has been worked out by Senate Republicans . 
Furukawa said the U.S. market is strengthening as related computer technology gains in sophistication and quality . 
It also voted down proposals to give the secretary much more discretion on whether to block a buy-out and to require the department to consider the impact of a buy-out on workers . 
And if that happens , the entire process of transferring technology to the marketplace could be harmed , they say . 
The officials said the meeting agreed to continue working toward `` streamlining '' Cocom 's restricted products list , and to improve procedures for punishing companies that do n't comply with the export restrictions . 
Hughes Aircraft Co. , a General Motors Corp. unit , said the Intelsat VI commercial communications satellite is set to be launched Friday . 
`` His side of the business has been successful in a tough environment , '' Mr. Rubel said . 
Higher earnings helped some issues . 
The concern 's National Service Division opened a center for emergency service in Walnut Creek as part of its disaster-recovery plan . 
East Germany , it is clear , is no Poland , where the Communist Party now shares power with the democratically elected Solidarity union . 
About 5,500 hourly workers will be laid off for a week beginning Oct. 23 , and overtime has been eliminated at the plant for the fourth quarter , a Chrysler spokesman said . 
The stock closed down $ 8.375 , at $ 170 , after plunging $ 33 , to $ 145 . 
A United Steelworkers spokeman said Lynn Williams , the union 's president , was out of town . 
The Arizona regulatory ruling calls for $ 42 million in added revenue yearly , compared with a $ 57 million boost proposed by the commission hearing officer . 
JKD : 
The bonds of SCI TV now are being quoted at prices ranging from only five cents to about 60 cents on the dollar , according to R.D. Smith & Co. in New York , which trades distressed securities . 
The unit represents a small portion of Minneapolis-based Control Data 's overall computer-servicing business , which last year posted sales of about $ 400 million . 
Exports during the period were $ 7.01 billion , 2.6 % below $ 7.20 billion a year ago . 
But there was no way to prove Dr. Knudson 's `` two-hit '' theory . 
The Fed said the Comptroller of the Currency is expected to begin a Community Reinvestment Act examination of First Union 's Florida and North Carolina banking units in the next two weeks . 
During the latter part of the 19th century , Russia was on a gold standard and had gold reserves representing more than 100 % of its outstanding currency , but no one outside Russia used rubles . 
Besides creating joint manufacturing ventures , the accord is expected to give GM about a 15 % stake that eventually would rise to about 30 % . 
Another solution cities might consider is giving special priority to police patrols of small-business areas . 
Bond market analysts say the institutional selling was triggered by several factors . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Merck shares closed at $ 75.25 , up 50 cents . 
His attorneys claim he was framed by the FBI and New York police as part of a campaign to destroy the black liberation movement of the 1960s . 
With investors relieved at the overnight gain in New York stocks , small-lot buying orders streamed into the market from early morning , making traders believe the market was back to normal . 
He added that Eurocom and WCRS had agreed to provide a development fund of # 100 million for acquisitions . 
Our commitment to manage these businesses profitably will continue . '' 
Ultimately , whether the insurance provided by purchasing puts is worthwhile depends on the cost of the options . 
Perhaps even more offensive is the statement , `` It is surprising that George Bush and the White House inner circle would ally themselves with this crabby philosophy . '' 
Nashua announced the Reiss request after the market closed . 
Primarily because there 's more to the matter than Ronald Reagan 's personal values , or lack of them . 
An exemption will remain for flights longer than six hours to Hawaii and Alaska , but estimates by the tobacco industry yesterday indicate all but about 30 flights would be covered . 
As it is , waiting lists of a month are n't unusual for popular models . 
Olin Corp. said third-quarter net income rose 26 % on the strength of its chemical business . 
When President Bush arrives here next week for a hemispheric summit organized to commemorate a century of Costa Rican democracy , will he be able to deliver a credible message in the wake of the Panamanian fiasco ? 
Dealers said junk bond issues on average were up by 1\/4 to 1\/2 point with so-called quality issues from RJR Capital Holdings Corp. and Petrolane Gas Service Limited Partnership posting one-point gains . 
Holders of NRM 's $ 2 cumulative convertible acquisition preferred units will receive one new common share in Edisto for every 1.342 units they own . 
And despite the recent tough advertising climate , industry figures released at the meeting here indicate things may be turning around . 
The yen 's softness , she says , apparently stems from Japanese investors ' interest in buying dollars against the yen to purchase U.S. bond issues and persistent worries about this year 's upheaval in the Japanese government . 
`` I think it 's a pretty positive development , '' said Ross Cowan , a financial analyst with Levesque Beaubien Geoffrion Inc. , of the decision to concentrate on groceries . 
As Jaguar 's biggest holder and Britain 's biggest car maker , Ford could turn up the heat by convening a special shareholders ' meeting and urging holders to drop the limits early . 
Just say the offices are tastefully appointed , '' he says . 
`` You never know if you 'll be chosen to be the scapegoat or the lucky one . 
The retailer was unable to find a buyer for the building . 
The average seven-day compounded yield fell to 8.55 % from 8.60 % the week earlier , Donoghue 's said . 
But his complaint that `` Days of Rage '' does n't contain balanced comments from Israelis about how badly the Palestinians are behaving is irrelevant . 
The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit-taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29 . 
The Justice Department has distributed these new guidelines for U.S. Attorneys prosecuting RICO cases . 
The dollar finished lower yesterday , after tracking another rollercoaster session on Wall Street . 
Paper and forest-products stocks declined after Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. lowered investment ratings on a number of issues in the two sectors , based on a forecast that pulp prices will fall sharply . 
Refining and marketing operations earned $ 130 million in the quarter this year , compared with earnings of $ 186 million a year earlier that included $ 18 million in charges for environmental programs . 
Caltrans in Sacramento said total damage from the collapsed highway is estimated at around $ 500 million . 
According to its latest annual report , about a quarter of the company 's holdings are in Massachusetts , in the midst of a real-estate slump . 
After reportedly investing $ 100 million in the business , Discovision ceased manufacturing operations in 1982 and sold many of its assets to Tokyo-based Pioneer , among others . 
In the report , two molecular biologists suggest such embryo diagnosis can be used by couples at high risk of passing a genetic defect to a child . 
`` We 're making a fairly obvious plea for some emotional reaction , '' says Tom Rost , creative director at Ogilvy & Mather . 
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position . 
`` If the dialogue was based on the assumption that Arafat or the PLO would stop terrorism , and we have evidence of continued terrorism , what would be the logical conclusion ? '' Mr. Carmon asked . 
IBM , which said a year ago it was inviting companies to participate in some semiconductor work , has become far more open about its technology as it has tried to rally U.S. industry to head off the Japanese , who now dominate the market for dynamic random access memory chips . 
First of all , it is a friendly acquisition in which Rockefeller sought out Mitsubishi Estate and asked it to buy a majority share . 
Their legacy lives on . 
Made of sand , it receives around-the-clock maintainence against the battering waves . 
Communications Director 
The company said Mr. Franco developed a plan to establish a business that might be competitive with Capital Holding Corp. 's Accumulation and Investment Group , which Mr. Franco headed . 
`` I am staying my own sweet , reasonable self . 
The host , Costa Rican President Oscar Arias , did not invite Chile , Cuba , Panama or Haiti to the summit , which was to be restricted to democracies . 
Average daily volume in S&P 500 futures last year was 44,877 contracts . 
`` Because of distance , it takes a while for them to appreciate the economic stability we 've achieved , '' says one economic policymaker . 
However , he acknowledges they `` have the option of taking a swat at me if they really want to . '' 
Meanwhile , some legal observers say the Tele-Communications investment and other developments are weakening Viacom 's antitrust suit against Time . 
Without P&G 's backing , Noxell might not have been able to spend the estimated $ 5 million to $ 7 million needed to accomplish that without scrimping on its existing brands . 
Indeed , with demand for steel not growing fast enough to absorb capacity , steelmakers will have to change the way they do business . 
A den mother raising some lovable teen models . 
United Illuminating also amended its rate plan . 
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade . 
Ms. McFadden had been forced out in July in a bitter power struggle with Z. Lou Guttman , chairman and a longtime floor trader on the exchange . 
Ultimate Corp. signed a letter of intent to market Hewlett-Packard Co. minicomputers , the companies said . 
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead . 
New Jersey 's own highest court remains a liberal bulwark against major restrictions on abortion , but the U.S. Supreme Court ruling , Webster vs. Missouri , has engaged voters across the nation who had been insulated from the issue . 
`` We were never going to get these insurance companies to agree again , '' says John V. Trump , a San Francisco defense lawyer in the case . 
Sales eased 0.2 % to $ 8.88 billion from $ 8.90 billion . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Reynolds closed at $ 55.375 , up $ 1.25 . 
Pasquale Pignatelli , an unlikely but enthusiastic pipe major in an Essex County Irish bagpipe band , speaks sadly of Mr. Florio . 
The narrower Financial Times 30-share index fell 29.6 to 1730.7 . 
The greatest thing going for Mr. Gandhi and the Congress ( I ) Party is the poor reputation of the opposition . 
Christopher Smith ( R. , N.J. ) , a pro-life leader in the House , suggested a compromise that would have adapted restrictive language from rape and incest exceptions in the states . 
`` They want a lobster trap -- once you get in , you ca n't get out , '' he said . 
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back-pay grievance before the arbitrator . 
Shearson is about 60%-held by American Express Co . 
In Japan , the wineries are promoting their products ' Pacific roots and courting restaurant and hotel chefs , whose recommendations carry weight . 
Earnings from continuing operations of the Union Pacific Resources unit almost doubled , the company said . 
I would tend to trust their judgment . '' 
He 's now estimating that after a period of consolidation , the Dow Jones Industrial Average will once again forge new highs . 
Mr. Mitterrand also proposed a separate `` Bank for Europe '' that would channel development money to the East . 
Hundreds of smaller creditors could get nothing , according to attorneys involved . 
International Business Machines Corp. unveiled a broad strategy to tackle the biggest problem that manufacturers face when computerizing their operations : Most machines ca n't talk to each other . 
Emerging genetic tests will be able to spot such cancer-susceptible individuals , ushering in what some scientists believe is a new age of predictive cancer diagnosis . 
On Friday , when only a dozen common stocks hit 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange , five were gold-mining issues , and another four were utilities . 
The accident was caused by faulty operation of a valve . 
More than eight in 10 respondents reported such a stress-provoking situation in their company . 
The study also says that advent of new communications technologies makes `` an explicit congressional definition of the legal status of home copying more desirable in order to reduce legal and market uncertainties and to prevent de facto changes to copyright law through technology , '' and says that finding an `` appropriate balance of harms and benefits is a political decision , not a technical one . 
First section volume was estimated at 900 million shares , up from 605 million Monday . 
The two men spent an hour at Exit 10 , rehashing the event , `` fulfilling the lifelong dream of a young boy now turned 50 , '' Mr. Engelken says . 
Despite seeing his plan for Israeli-Palestinian elections wither , the cautious secretary of state is so far unwilling to cut U.S. economic or military aid to force Israeli cooperation . 
Norton had operating profit of $ 76.8 million , or $ 3.66 a share , up 11 % from $ 69.5 million , or $ 3.31 a share . 
Yet , all these issues are subsidiary to a more central issue : Who is and who should be making the criminal law here ? 
Today , with business activity in Hong Kong staggering along at an uneven pace , the economy itself seems locked in a struggle between hope and fear . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 350 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 11 classes by Greenwich Capital Markets . 
Pemex , which produces 40 % of government revenue , desperately needs new investment . 
But most of those stocks fared well . 
Moreover , Polaroid contends it could have sold them at a higher price -- and thus made higher profits -- because it would n't have been forced to match Kodak 's lower prices . 
No gas . 
But analysts said the combination of a second consecutive decline in monthly durable-goods orders and lackluster mid-October auto sales helped prop up the Treasury market . 
In two other cases , the possible consequences of the Supreme Court ruling appear even more unintended . 
She thought I was n't getting my practicing done . '' 
But the costly efforts did little to slow Japanese market gains , and domestic car sales have plunged 19 % since the Big Three ended many of their programs Sept. 30 . 
Dun & Bradstreet lost 1 7\/8 to 51 7\/8 on 1.8 million shares . 
In fact , Ms. Volokh was n't just a rich lady who needed a hobby . 
Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole named a mediator to help resolve the lengthy labor dispute between the United Mine Workers and Pittston Co . 
The production had actors playing Mr. Anderson and former hostages David Jacobsen , the Rev. Benjamin Weir and Father Lawrence Jenco . 
The company has toted up over $ 40 million in contracts in the past two days . 
`` People took separate development as an opportunity to use black labor without ever getting rid of it . 
`` I am the hope and the dream , the redemption of cowards , '' he says in one of many interior monologues . 
While domestic orders climbed an adjusted 8 % and a nominal 11 % in September , foreign orders declined 4 % after inflation and 1 % on a nominal basis . 
Previously United Illuminating had also called for seven years of 5.5 % increases . 
Borden sells considerably more whole milk than reduced-fat milks in southern and Hispanic markets , he says . 
While results were mixed in many states , `` small business got by fairly well , '' concludes Don L. Robinson , associate director of the National Federation of Independent Business , the largest small-business organization . 
CBS News interviewed Jack Hoffman and his sister , Phyllis , as well as Mr. Hoffman 's landlord in Solebury Township , Pa . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
`` The market started with several strikes against it , '' said Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , referring to news that the labor-management buy-out of UAL Corp. continued to unravel , and reports that the junk-bond market is disintegrating . 
But with industrial growth stagnant and inflation showing signs of easing , some voices may call for measures to pump new life into the economy . 
Coca-Cola Co. may be about to intensify the cola wars . 
The pilots could borrow against the value of their concessions , using the proceeds to buy back stock from the public and give themselves the majority control they have been seeking . 
If rates unexpectedly rise , the increasing return on the money fund will partly offset the lower-than-expected return from the bond fund . 
In the third paragraph it referred to the senators seeking loophole suggestions from lobbyists for various sectors of the economy . 
On June 30 , a major part of our trade deficit went poof ! 
There may be a few cases where the law breaking is well pinpointed and so completely non-invasive of the rights of others that it is difficult to criticize it . 
She keeps track of the rest of her hats by stapling Polaroid snapshots to the outside of each hatbox . 
Competitors are known as the `` enemy . '' 
Maybe he thinks they should also sell to the highest bidder . 
The Senate bill would only deny the deduction until interest is actually paid . 
Eastern has publicly stated it is exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and has predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 proceedings early next year , operating more flights than it originally had scheduled . 
There also has been speculation that Cathay will be among the major private-sector participants in the Hong Kong government 's plans to build a new airport , with the carrier possibly investing in its own terminal . 
But because the University of California , like many other universities , shares its royalties with researchers , it may disqualify itself from federal funds under the proposed guidelines , Mr. Daly says . 
Omni Capital Group surged 1 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 . 
The shift of retailing to large shopping centers has created even greater economies of scale for providing low-crime business environments . 
Congress has just made it easier for the affluent to qualify for insured loans from the deficit-ridden Federal Housing Administration . 
The vote in Ankara was boycotted by opposition politicians , who vowed to oust Ozal . 
Also beginning trading today on the Big Board are El Paso Refinery Limited Partnership , El Paso , Texas , ( ELP ) and Franklin Multi-Income Trust , San Mateo , Calif. , ( FMI ) . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
Biking groups in Montana , Idaho , Michigan and Massachusetts have won similar concessions , says Tim Blumenthal , mountain bike editor of Bicycling magazine . 
Late yesterday afternoon , DDB Needham executives were scrambling to figure out what to do about a new business presentation that had been scheduled for today , a spokesman said . 
From January to early September , the index of stub stocks -- the tiny portion of equity that 's publicly traded following a recapitalization -- outperformed Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index by about 20 % . 
But instead of thanks , Sen. Cranston was treated with cool formality . 
In the play 's major scenes Mr. Boyd demonstrates that he has a firm grasp of the Shakespearean dynamic . 
Len Kessler , a financial publicist in New York , sometimes uses it to get the attention of journalists who try to avoid him . 
Some consultants had insisted it would n't work . 
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sam Nunn ( D. , Ga . ) and other Senate conferees have opposed the House cuts , stalling for almost two months action on a number of big-ticket items in the Pentagon 's budget . 
He has not changed , but those around him have . 
A company spokesman declined to estimate the impact of the closures on earnings . 
Without question , something intriguing is going on in the policy chambers of the Politburo . 
Even so , few had ever dealt with an earthquake . 
He declined to make a specific earnings estimate . 
`` I 'm on my own land , '' Mr. Pyszkiewicz says . 
Included in the results was an adjustment to the Dallas-based company 's tax rate that reduced net income by about 10 cents a share , or approximately $ 2 million . 
A spokesman for CS First Boston said : `` We remain committed to a full range of businesses , including merchant banking . 
`` When I first got a glimpse at the witness list , I could n't believe that they were going to go ahead and do this , '' says Michael Waldman , director of Congress Watch , a consumer group . 
Instead , Richard Haskayne , president and chief executive of Interprovincial 's Calgary-based parent , Interhome Energy Inc. , said the company would prefer to work with other `` interested parties '' on a joint proposal . 
These revised figures also may explain some of the recent strength of the dollar . 
`` We 're in the dark , '' he said . 
Most oil companies , including Mobil , have been reporting lower third-quarter earnings , largely as a result of lower earnings from chemicals as well as refining and marketing businesses . 
For harried public-land managers across the nation , the response is increasingly to shut the gates . 
Lisa Zeidner 's third novel , `` Limited Partnerships '' ( North Point Press , 256 pages , $ 18.95 ) is a stylish , funny and thoughtful look at the way love relationships are affected by the pressures of money , or , more specifically , the lack of it . 
Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 . 
By a 26-7 margin , the committee scuttled the more expensive alternative , and the debate forced a strained confrontation between Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) and his party 's largest state delegation in the House . 
He visited the Hugo devastation but not until after local leaders urged him to do so . 
Nissan concedes that it wo n't recoup all its market-share losses in Japan until at least 1995 , and even that timetable might prove optimistic . 
That kind of spread can be critical for money managers who buy bonds in large quantities and whose livelihood depends on outperforming the money manager across the street . 
As a result , Ireland did n't spurn the Soviets after they shot down a Korean Air Lines jetliner over the Sea of Japan in 1983 , though it suspended direct Moscow-Shannon flights for two months . 
Both the Series 1989 A and Series 1989 B bonds were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.15 % in 2008-2009 , according to a Merrill Lynch official . 
A year at Harvard now goes for $ 19,395 . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 74 days ; 8.30 % 75 to 99 days ; 7.75 % 100 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Its advantage has been the peppy little Pride , sold as the Ford Festiva in the U.S. . 
HomeFed said most of the troubled assets are apartment complexes , shopping malls and other commercial real estate . 
Market makers in Nasdaq over-the-counter stocks are adding their voices to the swelling chorus of complaints about program trading . 
Chairman Antonio Asensio will retain a 70 % share in Zeta . 
`` The crucial thing is that we learn our lesson well , and to make sure other experimental drugs , like Bristol-Myers Co. 's DDI , do n't follow the same frustrating course as AZT . '' 
Most yields on short-term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields . 
William S. Leavitt , chairman , said Mr. Penn , 58 years old , would continue as a consultant and would work with the board in selecting a successor . 
But last February , a federal appeals court in New Orleans upheld a damage award against General Dynamics , rejecting the company 's use of the government contractor defense . 
He has argued that such presidential power is necessary to rein in congressional spending . 
It warns that the AIDS epidemic `` may reduce the rate of growth of the work force , curb productivity gains and slow economic growth . '' 
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen . 
Funds will be used to repay existing short-term debt and to finance capital spending , it said . 
`` They hope they can buy some government cost discipline , '' but this is a false hope , Mr. Schramm says . 
a - Ex-dividend . 
Analysts said SKF 's results for the first nine months lived up to market expectations as brokerage firms had predicted a pretax profit of 1.74 billion to 1.86 billion kronor . 
House and Senate appropriators sought to establish a Nov. 30 deadline after which their bill would become the last word on how funds are distributed . 
`` The number of correct responses was 45 % on the test and school absences did n't change much , '' said Mr. Bruner . 
They currently have large orders for cargo planes . 
One in 1981 raised to $ 2,000 a year from $ 1,500 the amount a person could put , tax-deductible , into the tax-deferred accounts and widened coverage to people under employer retirement plans . 
It named a new chief executive officer , former IMS International head Robert Louis-Dreyfus . 
If goods are shipped to Bloomingdale 's between Oct. 1 and Oct. 20 , manufacturers expect to be paid by Nov. 10 . 
Her new line of work has some perils . 
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation . 
Earnings fell to $ 877 million , or $ 1.51 a share , somewhat below securities analysts ' revised expectations of around $ 1.60 a share . 
Moreover , as a member of the Mitsubishi group , which is headed by one of Japan 's largest banks , it is sure to win a favorable loan . 
The other bidders , New England Electric System , Westboro , Mass. , and PS of New Hampshire , did n't change the value of their bids , although PS of New Hampshire changed its rate proposal . 
In both cases , Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover have been fighting ferociously over their shares of the pie . 
Polaroid reported operating profit before taxes and interest costs of $ 63.1 million for the third quarter , more than double the year-before $ 24 million . 
But rail , air and ocean-shipping links to the area escaped Tuesday 's earthquake with only minor damage , and many are expected to be operating normally today , government and corporate transport officials said . 
The disciplinary proceedings stem from trading in April 1987 . 
`` I upgraded the firm to my buy list because I certainly see signs of improvement , '' says Lawrence Eckenfelder , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities . 
The exchange , he says , must find new products and new markets . 
`` We 're not afraid of obsoleting some of our old stuff to stay ahead of the competition , '' he said . 
Official trading in the shares will start in London , Paris and Brussels on Nov. 6 , when the French-franc denominated offering , valued at the equivalent of nearly $ 1 billion , comes to market in the European Community . 
Growing public fears about the Soviet environment is one new factor affecting some joint-venture plans . 
`` Trelleborg is n't in the same league yet as mining giants such as RTZ Corp. or Anglo-American Corp. , '' says Mike Kurtanjek , a mining analyst at James Capel & Co. , London . 
It is insulting and demeaning to say that scientists `` needed new crises to generate new grants and contracts '' and that environmental groups need them to stay in business . 
The fuel-efficient Airbus planes will be used largely to replace Cathay 's aging fleet of Lockheed Tristars for regional flights , while the Boeing aircraft will be used on long-haul routes to Europe and North America . 
International Minerals & Chemical Corp. said it agreed definitively to sell its international fragrance business to Bayer AG of West Germany . 
Mr. Thornburgh will be free to disband the strike forces after Congress approves a $ 479 million appropriation for federal law-enforcement and drug-interdiction agencies , according to David Runkel , a Justice Department spokesman . 
Year-earlier net of $ 21 million , or 84 cents a share , included the results of Loral 's former Aircraft Braking Systems and Engineered Fabrics divisions , which were sold April 27 to the company 's chairman , Bernard L. Schwartz . 
CLOROX Co. , Oakland , consumer products , annual sales of $ 1.36 billion , NYSE , was closed yesterday but plans to reopen today or tomorrow . 
British Tissues decided to do away with its hard paper after a major customer , British Rail , switched to softer tissues for train bathrooms ... . 
Another focuses on Charles Brush , the first person to light a city electrically . 
Because the stock prices of some paper companies already reflect an expected profit slump , PaineWebber 's Mr. Ross says he thinks that next year the share prices of some companies may fall at most only 5 % to 10 % . 
He said the move could be the beginning of a broader relationship between the two companies , one that could open up new markets for Bethlehem . 
City fathers have managed to push through projects that are crucial for tourist growth , such as the expansion of McCarran International Airport to accommodate the 44 % of Las Vegas tourists who fly here . 
Minpeco now says it is willing to settle for up to $ 65.7 million from each brother , although the actual amount would probably be much less . 
In France , more than half the top 25 blue-chip stocks -- including such giants as BSN and Elf Aquitaine -- did n't open until Wall Street rallied late in the European trading day , traders say . 
After fees and repayment of debt , Avery is left with about $ 24 million in cash and securities from the Uniroyal sale . 
Video Tip : 
Triggering the re-examination is a recent city council decision to give preference in letting city contracts to suppliers with a stated policy on child care for their employees . 
While not specifically mentioned in the FBI charges , dual trading became a focus of attempts to tighten industry regulations . 
Often the genteel , conservative , long-term-oriented investment bankers were displaced by crude traders : `` When angered , he cursed so forcefully that his face reddened and his pale-blue eyes narrowed into tiny slits , '' the authors say of Lehman 's Lewis Glucksman . 
Mrs. Coleman , 73 , who declined to be interviewed , is the Maidenform strategist . 
The pact proposes a 2 1\/2-year contract with a raise of 8 % in the first year , 7 % in the second and 4 % for the final six months . 
Revenue more than doubled to $ 2.62 billion from $ 1.29 billion . 
`` I think this is a market that required some level of security . 
The conventional view , as voiced by Goldman , Sachs & Co. partner Fischer Black , is that stocks and `` derivatives '' such as futures and options `` form a single market , and that derivatives make it a more liquid market . '' 
At that rate , the defense plan is underfunded by $ 48 billion . 
Mr. Maynard claims this is a manageable problem . 
Those changes also would apply to two areas hit hard by Hurricane Hugo -- South Carolina and the U.S. Virgin Islands , according to an aide to Rep. Fazio . 
He added that the company expects `` strong '' operating profit for the year , `` but at a level significantly lower than last year . '' 
`` This is a one-time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia-Pacific bid . 
Atlanta 
MiniScribe said it expects to begin full volume production of the drives in the U.S. and Singapore in the first quarter next year . 
Since Friday 's dive in stock market prices , the Fed has injected reserves into the banking system in an effort to calm the markets and avert a repeat of 1987 's stock market debacle . 
Oil-related properties suffered a huge decline until I divested myself of all such stocks in 1985 , at which point the industry , while not lighting up any Christmas trees , began a slow recovery . 
Nearly one-fourth of participants age 60 and older claim brand loyalty for more than 10 of the 25 products in the survey ; only 9 % of those age 18 to 29 have such strong allegiance . 
`` On the way home , '' his notes recall , `` it took concentrated effort to keep that car pointed south . 
The Justice Department said it is seeking to join a private lawsuit challenging a Pittsburgh suburb 's zoning ordinance that sharply restricts the locations available to group homes for the handicapped . 
He made numerous trips to the U.S. in the early 1980s , but was n't arrested until 1987 when he showed up as a guest of then-Vice President George Bush at a government function . 
An admittedly limited survey by NASAA , whose members are state securities-law regulators , found that between 1986 and 1988 `` fraud and abuse '' by financial planners cost 22,000 investors $ 400 million . 
But everything is relative to Mr. Terrizzi , so stocks in his view can become more attractive in comparison with bonds or T-bills , even if shares are more expensive than when they were sold in January . 
But after about eight months , the vice president of the division , Ed Soule , learned about the sessions and brought them to a halt . 
Pinnacle West Capital Corp. said it suspended indefinitely its common stock dividend and reported a 91 % plunge in third-quarter net income . 
The funeral home and cemetery operator changed from a fiscal year to a calendar year in December . 
On the morning of the crash , he had been put on notice that an audit committee was recommending his dismissal because of invoicing irregularities in a company audit . 
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed . 
Polish peasants , spurning the collectivizers , were once a source of shame to orthodox Communists . 
Among other things , Mr. Bologna said that the sale will facilitate Gen-Probe 's marketing of a diagnostic test for acquired immune deficiency syndrome , or AIDS . 
In May 1988 , an ammonium perchlorate plant in Henderson owned by an American Pacific Corp. unit was leveled by a series of explosions . 
Earlier this month the company said its board approved a proposed management-led leveraged buy-out at $ 25.50 a share , or $ 750 million . 
In this scenario it 's hard to imagine that a pale imitation of the Federal Republic could avoid being pulled into some kind of tie -- economic , federal or stronger -- with West Germany . 
The company said that improved results in its financial-services sector were negated by increased costs in its government contract business , lower operating earnings in its commercial-products sector and soft automotive markets . 
About 25 adjusters were dispatched yesterday afternoon , along with laptop computers , cellular phones and blank checks . 
Theoretically , the brokers will then be able to funnel `` leads '' on corporate finance opportunities to Kidder 's investment bankers , possibly easing the longstanding tension between the two camps . 
Managing partners who responded to the survey typically spend over half their time supervising their firms ' day-to-day operations and just a little more than a third of their time practicing law . 
Ratners and Weisfield 's said they expect to sign definitive agreements shortly and to complete the transaction by Dec. 15 . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Colgate , which acquired Helena Rubenstein in 1973 , sold the brand seven years later after the brand languished . 
The report says that investigations were severely hampered by lack of cooperation from Bofors . 
( Mr. Quennell has said he plans to go with the grid , regardless . ) 
One analyst noted that the company often has better store locations than do its franchisees , thus aiding promotional efforts . 
Canada 's consumer price index rose a seasonally adjusted 0.2 % in September from August , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
Another -- and critical -- factor is the U.S. , Hong Kong 's biggest export market . 
Turkey in any event is long past it . 
Industry sources estimate the agency brokers property and casualty premiums worth about $ 25 million annually , and has revenue , based on a standard 10 % commission rate , of about $ 2.5 million . 
Even modernized , he said , the Crusaders represent an obsolete and dangerous protection for the aircraft carriers France has sent to meet such crises as the wars in Lebanon and the Persian Gulf . 
A $ 575 million San Antonio , Texas , electric and gas system revenue bond issue dominated the new issue sector . 
`` I do n't think it provides much new information on the economy , '' said Richard Rippe , economist at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
He said he would contact Mr. Ross and Warner Brothers Chairman Robert Daly and that , in a conference call , the three agreed they could n't let the producers out of their contract . 
On the plus side , Genentech is benefiting from a lower tax rate due to its research outlays , giving a boost to earnings , she said . 
One person familiar with Texas billionaire Robert Bass said he is n't likely to make any hostile moves . 
There has been a lot of talk that a large portion of the Colombian economy is sustained by the laundering of drug money . 
Consider the troubling dissonance between Mr. Shevardnadze 's speech of confession this week and the hang-tough defense of everyone concerned with the Iran-Contra affair . 
The North Texas Chevy Dealers recently had a record sales month after the debut of ad campaign that thumbs its nose at elite Easterners . 
That can be expensive , because the problem may not be noticed for a while , and the sheets are typically thrown away . 
October is a critical month for the privatization program . 
But Mr. Luzon has moved swiftly to streamline bureaucracy , cut costs , increase capital and build up new areas of business . 
Mr. Breeden instructed SEC staffers to inform the network that it was airing the wrong number . 
The price of attracting capital -- whether one 's own or that of foreigners -- is a trade deficit . 
The FDIC said it has issued five citations to banks over the past three years for discriminatory practices . 
-- `` More often than not , college athletes go through college never really experiencing collegiate life to the fullest . 
The Big Board 's disclosure of program trading activity on these two days was unusual . 
Mazda makes the Tracer for Ford . 
Dollar : 141.70 yen , up 0.25 ; 1.8470 marks , off 0.0015 . 
So why even consider stacking freeways now ? 
Today 20 million of the 25 million Americans using contact lenses are using the soft type . 
Stocks : Volume 237,960,000 shares . 
Last week , for instance , Compaq introduced its first notebook computer to rave reviews . 
Democrats voted to override by a 3-1 margin , but Republicans were equally firm in support of the president , who has threatened to make abortion a decisive issue on at least three separate fiscal 1990 spending bills . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the tax credit was $ 3.3 million . 
The relationship between surface release of CFCs and global stratospheric ozone loss was identified back in 1974 . 
125 million Australian dollars of zero-coupon Eurobonds due Dec. 12 , 1994 , priced at 50.9375 to yield 15.06 % less fees via Hambros Bank Ltd . 
Add the fact that any one of them , including Pa , could be her attacker , and you have a setting that does n't resemble small-town America , or even Hollywood 's nightmare of small-town America , so much as a paranoid feminist dystopia like Margaret Atwood 's `` The Handmaid 's Tale , '' itself soon to be ( you guessed it ) a Hollywood movie . 
The Patterson group , which controls about 42 % of Rally 's shares , also may seek control . 
This year , by one means of transport or another , more than 18 million people will visit the city . 
A new experiment , reported in this week 's New England Journal of Medicine , involved giving injections of Amgen 's EPO to 23 patients who wanted to store units of their own blood . 
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence . 
A price was n't disclosed . 
It should be noted that Mr. Schwartz , who operates out of Englewood , Colo. , is a puckish sort who likes to give his colleagues the needle . 
In short , the problem is not intra-administration disagreement , but preoccupation with the prospect that perestrokia might fail , and its political opponents will ask `` Who lost Gorbachev ? '' 
In addition , the regime has established well-paid paramilitary forces totaling more than 100,000 , including 35,000 Soviet-trained troops of the Interior Ministry ( KHAD\/WAD ) , which still is directed by 1,500 Soviet KGB officers . 
The only other endorsement permitted by the contract involves a series of Time-Life home improvement and repair books . 
So why does Renaissance 's computer like stocks with the Dow at 2653.28 , where it closed yesterday , when it did n't with the Dow at 2200 ? 
Mr. Franco , 47 years old , said in a telephone interview that he has been considering and discussing a number of possible business ventures , but that `` nothing is at a mature stage . '' 
Ms. Foster 's indulgence is nothing like the oily , hour-long rubfests enjoyed by spa visitors . 
Mr. Agnos declined the invitations , the White House said . 
Robert F. Singleton , Knight-Ridder 's chief financial officer , said the company was `` pleased '' with its overall performance , despite only single-digit growth in newspaper revenue . 
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission . 
`` If you have a position , you 're better off to stick with it than to move around very much , '' says Republican strategist John Sears . 
Now the Alley has moved ahead on both artistic and financial fronts . 
A spokesman attributed the bulk of a 14 % increase in selling , administrative and general expenses -- to $ 324.9 million -- to marketing costs . 
Now , with the opening of Maxim Gorky 's bourgeois-bashing `` Summerfolk , '' Ms. Bogart has laid her cards on the table . 
The Senate 's public gallery was packed with Judge Hastings ' supporters , who erupted into applause after he finished his argument . 
Now the question is : Is Poland ready for it ? 
The aftershocks of the highway tragedy are reverberating in Los Angeles as well , as local politicians spoke yesterday against plans to bring double-decking to Los Angeles freeways by 1994 . 
Closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions and regulatory approvals , the company said . 
It has also been a week when inside-the-beltway Washington has had a high old time gnawing over ex-President Reagan 's multimillion-dollar junket in Japan . 
At the same time , the expectations of the East German people are great and will continue to grow . 
`` That 's put some oomph back into this market , '' said Peter VandenBerg , a vice president of equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
But by 1992 , he added , Nissan will build one million vehicles a year outside Japan , or sufficient to equal exports . 
Ashland Oil Inc. said it will take after-tax charges of $ 78 million , or $ 1.40 a share , in its fiscal fourth quarter , ended Sept. 30 . 
Hydro-Quebec said it notified Central Maine Power Co. it will cancel a $ 4 billion contract to supply electricity to the Maine utility . 
`` RJR Nabisco and Planters LifeSavers will concentrate more on our own core businesses , '' Mr. Gerstner said Friday . 
Donna Rice of Gary Hart fame failed to obtain a book contract and lost her modeling contract for `` No Excuses '' jeans . 
On so-called Manic Monday , Oct. 16 , stock prices plunged across Europe and trading problems erupted . 
The offering will include $ 729 million of 20-year tax-exempt bonds and $ 57.8 million of taxable bonds . 
People close to the GM-Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors . 
Before this bullish theory surfaced , some insurance stocks initially fell , indicating that investors thought the quake might cost insurers a lot of money . 
`` Maybe the next day or even an hour later , I would n't have done it . '' 
So far , Nissan 's new-model successes are mostly specialized vehicles with limited sales potential . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : 
Eventually , he believes , investors will be willing to pay higher prices for companies with proven track records of earnings growth . 
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored . 
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
The Oakland Athletics won baseball 's World Series , defeating the San Francisco Giants in a four-game sweep . 
NBC 's `` On-Line '' consumer minutes have increased advertiser spending during the day , the network 's weakest period . 
Art prices are skyrocketing , but a good deal of legerdemain is involved in compiling statistics on sales . 
The other came in 1974-75 from the combined shock of world recession and a severe local stock market crash . 
Shell 's chemical earnings fell by $ 67 million , to $ 137 million , reflecting lower margins and less demand for commodity chemicals . 
Britain 's latest trade figures contained some positive news for the economy , such as a surge in the volume of exports , which were 8.5 % higher than a year earlier . 
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders . 
Investment-grade corporate bonds ended 1\/4 to 1\/2 point lower , while most junk bonds ended unchanged . 
Depending on the outcome , the merged company may face union elections this fall among airplane mechanics , ramp workers , stock clerks and flight dispatchers . 
In the 12 months ended in September , wages and salaries of private-sector workers rose 4.4 % , while health insurance costs spurted by 13.7 % . 
Mr. Pilson 's `` Major Events '' strategy jelled after Mr. Tisch took over . 
The stock recovered somewhat to finish 1 1\/4 lower at 26 1\/4 . 
In making polyethylene sheets out of plastic chips , for instance , a chip sometimes does n't melt , gets caught in the machinery and creates a run in the sheets . 
Then I noticed the overhead light was swaying on its cord and realized what had happened . 
The group , Mr. Wohlstetter said in an interview , wants to end the market 's wild price swings that critics blame on computer-aided program-trading strategies . 
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies . 
A warm foster home has been found . 
Minpeco has threatened a `` volcano '' of litigation if the Manufacturers Hanover Corp. unit attempts to force such a plan through the court . 
In addition , local banks say the new contract is important in helping them offset their Hong Kong-dollar exposure . 
Other retailers are also preparing for a ho-hum holiday . 
Istat said a national survey during the first week of July showed the number of job seekers was 2,888,000 up from 2,822,000 in April , and from 2,853,000 a year ago . 
But the lack of lines became painfully apparent . 
The U.S. argues that its plan would ease the transition to freer agriculture trade by converting certain non-tariff barriers into tariffs that , together with existing tariffs , then would be phased out over 10 years . 
`` I may want to offer additional amendments to improve it when the bill comes to the floor , '' said Sen. David Boren ( D. , Okla. ) , a leader of those Democrats . 
He was shocked , associates say , to learn of Mr. Icahn 's new takeover threat . 
`` When there 's a clutter of brands , consumers simplify the complexity by telling themselves , ` All brands are the same so what difference does it make which I buy , ' '' says Karen Olshan , a senior vice president at BBDO . 
For one thing , it may be tough to attract people because skiing is still expensive : a lift ticket can cost up to $ 35 a day and equipment prices are rising . 
Results for 1989 will include about 40 cents a share from the dilutive effects of snack-food and bottling company acquisitions . 
Freddie Mac 's 9 1\/2 % issue was quoted at 99 20\/32 , up 3\/32 from Monday . 
Rounding-off keeps them at $ 1 . 
CHARLES SCHWAB & CO. , San Francisco , discount brokerage firm , annual sales of $ 392 million , had only minor damage to headquarters building and was up and running for yesterday 's market open . 
`` When a company realizes that , it 's hard to go with Wang . '' 
If the case is converted to Chapter 7 , what remains of the oil tycoon 's once-vast estate -- now believed to have a value of less than $ 125 million -- would be sold off quickly with most of the proceeds going to the Internal Revenue Service , whose claim for $ 300 million in back taxes has priority in the case . 
The dollar is still highly volatile . 
Swiveling in his chair , Mr. Straszheim replies that the new outlook , though still weak , does n't justify calling a recession right now . `` 
Many of the adjusters employed by Aetna and other insurers have some experience with construction work or carpentry . 
The increased demand would normalize trading and stabilize prices . 
Revenue grew 13 % to $ 734.8 million from $ 650.9 million . 
Negative answers crackle back . 
The company has denied the allegations but has negotiated a proposed $ 18 million settlement of related lawsuits . 
`` I think inflation is going to pick up through the fall , '' said Joel Popkin , a specialist on inflation who runs an economic consulting firm here . 
And the successful son wishes his embarrassing siblings dead . 
Of 14 activities , the Journal survey found that 12 -- including bicycling , skiing and swimming -- are being done by fewer Americans today than eight years ago . 
The composite finished up 0.7 % from last Friday 's close . 
Imagine a widow who wants to maintain her standard of living at the same level she had before she had to pay the catastrophic surtax . 
Operating profit rose 5.5 % to 332.38 billion yen from 315.12 billion yen . 
The NSC staff `` does n't have the horsepower that I believe is required to have an effective interagency process , '' says Frank Gaffney , a former Pentagon aide who now runs the Center for Security Policy , a conservative Washington think-tank . 
The solution , at least for some investors , may be a hedging technique that 's well known to players in the stock-options market . 
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy . 
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written . 
A direct hit on a major city , Mr. Goldberg figures , would cause $ 20 billion to $ 40 billion of damage . 
In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast . 
And there were other blunders . 
GE , which vehemently denies the government 's allegations , denounced Mr. Greenfield 's suit . 
But in another sense , the $ 846 million purchase is uncharacteristically nervy , industry analysts say . 
Mr. Lagnado said strength in employment appears to have the biggest impact on sales growth . 
Spiegel Inc. , citing continuing improvement in the apparel market , said third-quarter net income jumped 65 % from the soft year-earlier period , on an 11 % increase in revenue . 
Moreover , P&G shifted its ad campaign from one targeting older women to one featuring a woman in her mid-30s vowing `` not to grow old gracefully . '' 
Tom Herman contributed to this article . 
The tapes included wiretaps of Gen. Torrijos 's own phone , according to American intelligence officials . 
`` The main problem , '' Mr. Reinhold said in an East German radio interview monitored by Radio Free Europe in Munich , stems from the fact that `` the GDR is different '' from other East European states . 
After the October 1987 market crash , Mr. Brady as a private citizen headed a presidential commission that tried to decide what went wrong and what should be done about it . 
One section of the bill would make all commodity brokerage firms and floor brokers liable for damages without willful misconduct . 
As he handed over the reins to successor Charles A. Corry , steel profits were close to a cyclical peak . 
Last October , Quebecor bought 23 Canadian printing plants from BCE Inc. , a Montreal telecommunications , manufacturing , energy and real estate company . 
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer . 
`` It provided an excuse for people to get back to reality and to look at the economic data , especially the third-quarter economic numbers , and to realize that we ca n't continue to gloss over what is going on in the junk bond market . '' 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
The action capped a spurt of grim Arizona banking news for the third quarter , and emphatically signaled that Arizona is challenging Texas 's long reign as banking 's busiest graveyard . 
Home delivery is the fastest growing segment of the Times 's 1.1 million daily circulation . 
Although sports officials predict jumps of 50 % to 100 % in the major contracts coming up for renewal , ad rates may rise only 20 % . 
Vickers makes tanks for the U.K. army , Rolls Royce cars , and has marine and medical businesses . 
Futures prices rose modestly , but trading volume was n't very heavy . 
It estimates the time between college graduation and the awarding of a Ph. D. has lengthened by 30 % over the past 20 years , with the average gap now ranging from about 7.4 years in the physical sciences to 16.2 years in education . 
`` The problem is that while on the surface everything is all right , the question is , '' said Mr. Barakat , `` was there any structural damage to the pipelines or anything else . '' 
Perhaps it does . 
One thing that makes E-mail difficult to sift through is that each item looks the same . 
While computer stocks have taken the biggest hit from the slowdown in the industry , many software and semiconductor stocks have continued to outperform the market . 
The volume of red cells donated by the EPO-treated patients was 41 % higher per donor , the research team representing a number of hospitals and blood banks reported . 
If a compromise ca n't be reached , the pilots maintain they can do a transaction without the support of the machinists . 
CBS executives said the program is also slated to undergo some plot changes . 
PS New Hampshire received a sweetened bid from another suitor , United Illuminating , which valued its new proposal at $ 2.29 billion , apparently topping all others so far . 
The Sheraton Moscow will charge about $ 140 to $ 150 a day for each of its rooms , and it will accept payment only in currencies that can be traded in foreign exchange markets , according to a Sheraton executive . 
`` What you 're really asking is , Are the profit and loss margins anticipated on the events acceptable to management ? '' he says . 
We 'll raise it through { new } equity . 
The guide is young and he knows this business but he wants a different life after college , such as working for IBM and wearing a necktie . 
There may be some activity in soybean prices this week as investors try to get rid of the contract for November delivery . 
Sources said a `` complex and detailed '' announcement of a joint agreement between General Motors and Jaguar would be made by Jaguar `` some time in the next 2 1\/2 weeks . 
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker . 
News of the arrest and charging of the two men helped to push prices on the Singapore Stock market sharply lower in early trading yesterday , but brokers said that the market and CDL shares recovered once it became apparent the charges were limited to the two men personally . 
The contract settled at $ 1,014 a ton , off $ 13 . 
Maybe we recognize values the other guys do n't , '' Mr. Pilson says . 
The bills will be dated Oct. 31 and will mature Dec. 21 , 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Connaught closed at $ 28.625 , up $ 1.25 . 
The Allianz statement led to speculation that Allianz eventually could sell to Paribas . 
Most important , hospital admission rates are stabilizing after several years of decline . 
DIET COKE : 
The President came up with a good bill , but now may end up signing the awful bureaucratic creature hatched on Capitol Hill . 
The concern grows out of increased efforts by the insurers to woo the small-business market . 
Odds and Ends 
William Rothe , head of OTC trading at Alex . Brown & Sons , in Baltimore , said program trading is keeping the markets unsettled . 
One takeover expert noted that arbitragers could force a recapitalization through the written consent process under which holders may oust the board by a majority vote . 
The Food and Drug Administration that day said Bausch & Lomb could start selling them in the U.S. . 
Those supermarket tabloids Make me feel slow Because I still have n't seen 
Banc One Corp. said it agreed in principle to buy five branch offices from Trustcorp Inc. , Toledo , Ohio , following the planned merger of Trustcorp into Society Corp. , Cleveland . 
Japan is a major target for the Soviets . 
The opposite is true : It 's the product of many meetings with administration officials , Senate staffers , advocates , and business and transportation officials . 
They had dealt a major setback that afternoon to President Bush 's capital-gains tax cut proposal , which had seemed in the bag after it passed the House overwhelmingly earlier in the month . 
About 400,000 commuters trying to find their way through the Bay area 's quake-torn transportation system wedged cheek-to-jowl into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited forlornly for buses yesterday . 
To be economically feasible , the 11 billion Canadian dollar ( US$ 9.37 billion ) project requires almost a doubling of natural gas export prices . 
Many Japanese companies expect record profits this fiscal year , and Japanese interest rates , though up a bit recently , are still low . 
There was n't any evidence of survivors . 
She has thrown extravagant soirees for crowds of people , but prefers more intimate gatherings . 
Despite the tragic loss of more than 270 lives , and damage estimated in the billions , most businesses and their plants and offices in the Bay area were n't greatly affected . 
Because of the business-like manner in which the Bank goes about development , financial markets have confidence in it . 
National Taxpayers Union 
Deeply ingrained in both the book review `` Kissing Nature Good-bye '' by Stephen MacDonald ( Leisure & Arts , Sept. 27 ) and the books reviewed is the assumption that global warming is entirely a result of human activity . 
WCRS Group , for its part , will now be able to follow its longstanding plan of becoming `` a holding company for a series of media-related businesses , '' said Peter Scott , the firm 's chief executive . 
Estimated volume was three million ounces . 
`` I would say he 's definitely not in need of money , '' says Matt Merola , an agent of Mr. Jackson 's based in New York . 
IRA account assets have grown to about $ 400 billion from $ 393 billion last year and just $ 26 billion in 1981 . 
-- During the 1970s the commercial banks lured the country loan business away from the bond markets where the discipline of a prospectus and `` Use of Proceeds '' confirmation allowed lenders to audit expenditures of old loans before new loans were made . 
Its relationship with parent General Electric Co. had been frayed since a big Kidder insider-trading scandal two years ago . 
In a paper presented at the recent annual meeting of the National Association of Business Economists in San Francisco , Mr. Durkin comments that `` installment credit always grows rapidly in cyclical advances , and growth in this cycle is very typical of earlier experiences . '' 
`` More than ever , people should realize they should have a diversified portfolio , '' said Jeremy Duffield , a senior vice president of Vanguard Group . 
For Iowa , a $ 1.8 million request became $ 12 million for Senator Grassley , ranking minority member of a military construction subcommittee . 
`` We never thought we 'd own a car , '' says Kwang Ok Kyong , who just bought a Daewoo LeMans on a five-year loan . 
Total magazine ad revenue for the same period increased 12 % to $ 4.6 billion . 
The space shuttle Atlantis blasted into orbit from Cape Canaveral , Fla. , and its crew of five astronauts launched the nuclear-powered Galileo space probe on a flight to the planet Jupiter . 
In addition , the company cited cost-reduction moves and interest income . 
Other Saatchi units include ad agency McCaffrey & McCall , which has the Mercedes account and which has been attempting to buy itself back ; and Howard Marlboro , a sports and event marketing firm . 
Only three of the 25 corporate pension fund managers attending a Lowry Consulting Group client conference say they plan to change the asset allocation mix in their portfolios because of the market drop . 
He thinks that progress in cooperation can be made in areas where no vested interests have built up . 
Ronald B. Koenig , 55 years old , was named a senior managing director of the Gruntal & Co. brokerage subsidiary of this insurance and financial-services firm . 
So many companies are investing in high-tech machinery that Fanuc Ltd. , a robot maker , also had to build a new plant . 
MLX Corp. said it reached a preliminary agreement with senior lenders to its refrigeration and air-conditioning group to restructure the $ 188.5 million of credit facilities the lenders provide to the group . 
On the U.S. over-the-counter market , Jaguar 's American depositary receipts rose 12.5 cents to $ 11.125 . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady , Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp are members of the board . 
Mr. Wohlstetter , for example , said he wrote to Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. about program trading after the 190-point Dow plunge , and as in previous queries , `` what I get back is gobbledygook . '' 
Sales rose 50 % to $ 2.1 billion from $ 1.4 billion . 
Commonwealth leaders issued a declaration giving South Africa six months to deliver on pledges to ease apartheid or face new reprisals . 
Apple Computer Inc. posted improved fiscal fourth-quarter profit due largely to a $ 48 million gain on the sale of its stock in Adobe Systems Inc . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
In only one presidential election year prior to 1948 did more than 20 % of the nation 's congressional districts choose a different party 's candidate for the White House than for the House of Representatives . 
And powerful political pressures may convince the Conservative government to keep its so-called golden share , which limits any individual holding to 15 % , until the restriction expires on Dec. 31 , 1990 . 
The project appeared to be on the rocks earlier this month when the other major partner in the project , China General Plastics Corp. , backed out . 
There have been three days of hot , wind-swept rain , and now with the first sun we are after speckled seatrout , which with redfish provides most of the game fishing hereabouts . 
This statement surely buttresses your editorial viewpoint that environmental protection is generally silly or excessive , but it is simply wrong . 
John Harland , which will replace American Medical International on the S&P 500 following Wednesday 's close , gained 5\/8 to 24 1\/8 . 
Individual and Japanese participation in the auction was disappointing , according to dealers . 
`` We were unprepared for the deterioration in net exports , '' said Daniel Van Dyke , vice president of U.S. forecasting at Bank of America in San Francisco . 
At a back-yard barbecue , for example , a friend boasts that she 'll only have to pay premiums on her John Hancock policy for seven years and that her death benefits will then be `` guaranteed . '' 
The fund is required to pay claims up to an additional $ 86 million . 
`` But it still has n't shown that it can win in a state like Pennsylvania or Missouri , where abortion has been clearly an electoral issue and where it 's been an emotional issue for a long time . '' 
Predictably , when confronted with morally dubious behavior , prosecutors will exploit the latitude such openended statutes give them . 
Workers and management , Mr. Tyszkiewicz said , would lose the `` flexibility and diversity '' that has so far allowed them to adapt to local conditions and traditions . 
`` With E-mail , you do n't have the visual clues of paper , '' says Mr. Tarter , the editor of SoftLetter . 
The White Sands missile range and CIA contractor Mitre Inc. were among the targets . 
Experienced resistance commanders wanted to use guerrilla action and siege tactics to wear down the regime . 
It may even be possible to replace defective genes with healthy versions , though no one has come close to doing that so far . 
More dual-career couples also are getting help , with men increasingly bringing their working wives for joint counseling . 
One auto-industry union leader said , `` If they try to build it somewhere else { in Europe } besides the U.K. , they are going to be in big trouble '' with unionists over any Jaguar deal . 
She wants something big , and already has looked at the Chrysler New Yorker and Lincoln Town Car . 
`` It 's now a very good time politically to get this over and done with , '' observed Daniel Jones , professor of motor industry management at the University of Cardiff in Wales . 
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now . 
Or land in Russia so often . 
CalMat said the sale is part of its previously announced plan to sell much of its real estate holdings to focus on its core business of mining and producing asphalt , concrete , rock and sand . 
Stocks : Volume 126,630,000 shares . 
Sales of domestically made trucks also continued to be sluggish in mid-October , dropping 22.8 % to 94,543 from a year ago . 
ABM will also increase its stake in Sonora Gold Corp. to 42 % from 26 % . 
The survey reported the number of people who said they bowl regularly has fallen to just 8 % from 17 % in 1981 . 
It makes only a handful of abortion-related decisions . 
It would go along doing nothing but dissociating the heavy water and then at totally unpredictable times , it would begin producing excess heat for as long as 10 or 11 hours before quieting down . 
In pursuit of this mystery , Keynesian adepts and twin-deficit mavens need not apply . 
The matter may never even be tried in court . 
As of Sept. 30 , American Brands had 95.2 million shares outstanding . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
At the core of all this stands a hotel . 
Wells Fargo Investment Advisers , for example , managed $ 25 billion in stock investments tracking the S&P 500 at the end of June , according to Standard & Poor 's Corp . 
The disagreement centers on testing deadlines and other issues involving a FileNet system installed earlier this year . 
Even if the gross national product is either flat or in the growth range of 2 % to 2.5 % , `` we can handle that , '' Mr. Marous said . 
It was offered as an expression of cooperation to Mr. Gonzalez , who is investigating the $ 2.5 billion failure of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association . 
Most other states have enacted similar bans . 
NASA said the Galileo worm had nothing to do with either delay . 
`` I expect all the companies to appeal , '' he added . 
OUSTED EXECUTIVES over 50 years old take slightly less time than their younger colleagues to find a job -- 3.23 months vs. 3.26 for the juniors -- outplacement firm Challenger , Gray & Christmas finds . 
New approaches to mall design and operation make it possible to tap these markets . 
Excluding the increase in loan-loss reserves , Bankers Trust said third-quarter net income would have increased 11 % to $ 180 million . 
USED-CAR BUYERS who try to avoid sales tax by understating prices paid in private deals are the targets of a New York drive . 
But others remained skeptical . 
Nixon , Hargrave , Devans & Doyle , based in Rochester , N.Y. , has opened an office in Buffalo , N.Y ... . 
But administration officials were concerned over the bleak trade report , which showed the deficit in the country 's trade of goods and services swelling to a $ 74 billion annual rate in the third quarter from a $ 51 billion rate in the second quarter . 
Beijing 's periodic clampdowns on imports have taught many trading companies that the best way to get through the drought is by helping China export . 
Cie . Financiere de Paribas said it intends to transfer its 30 % shareholding in Societe Commerciale to a new company which will be jointly owned with Lonrho . 
`` She just wiggled her fanny and all the French fell in love with her , '' sniffed the literary world 's Maria Jolas , not entirely inaccurately . 
She and some friends are considering offering earthquake victims free yoga classes and `` aroma therapy '' -- massages with scented oils . 
The association said it would monitor the conduct of lawyers and warned that solicitation of business is unethical . 
After the split , the company will have more than 4.7 million shares outstanding . 
The fund has about $ 1 billion and is set up to handle `` precisely the kind of emergency '' the state faces , said Tom Beermann , the Governor 's deputy press secretary . 
`` We would have to go outside to banks to get the money and I am not ready to do that , '' he said . 
The SEC reassigned trading in the options , however , to allow investors to do more than simply exercise the options . 
The criminal charges brought against him involved GE technology , according the court documents . 
When only civil liability is involved , this method has the undeniable strengths of factual specificity and avoidance of overgeneralization . 
The city 's main library is closed because of fissures that opened in its walls , and marble facings and ornamental plaster at the Beaux Arts City Hall broke off in the temblor . 
A panel system like that in the Bob Stone example enjoys such advantages as high credibility and , for the panelists , mutual support . 
Consider a $ 500 million offering of 9 % securities issued last spring and backed by Citibank credit-card receivables . 
( General Dynamics Corp. vs. Trevino 
The $ 320 million purchase of MTM represented an audacious international move for TVS , which then was about half the U.S. concern 's size . 
Guaranteed by Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd . 
However , Tesoro , based in Houston , already has rejected a suitor in the past year . 
But this is not enough . 
Anglo American Corp. of South Africa Ltd. said the third-quarter combined profit of its six gold mines dropped 8.5 % from the previous quarter . 
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects . 
As of June 30 , 1989 -- the day our past fiscal year came to a close -- only 4.1 % of the Bank 's portfolio was affected by arrears of over six months . 
Using estimates of the company 's future earnings under a variety of scenarios , First Boston estimated UAL 's value at $ 248 to $ 287 a share if its future labor costs conform to Wall Street projections ; $ 237 to $ 275 if the company reaches a settlement with pilots similar to one at NWA ; $ 98 to $ 121 under an adverse labor settlement , and $ 229 to $ 270 under a pilot contract imposed by the company following a strike . 
They note that stocks experienced volatile swings long before futures . 
`` Once people got into it , I was allowing them to live a dream , '' he says . 
A year earlier , Chrysler 's net was $ 113 million , or 50 cents a share . 
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain-bike business in 1987 . 
The potential is displayed along every road into Warsaw : row upon row of greenhouses , stretching out behind modern mansions that trumpet their owners ' wealth . 
The rejection by Aoun , who has demanded a total and immediate pull-out of Damascus 's 33,000 troops , puts the future of the agreement in doubt . 
The IRS says the question wo n't be settled until the regulations are issued `` shortly . '' 
It was n't until the early 1980s that Akzo nursed itself back to health . 
Many couples `` are like ships passing in the night , '' a communications gulf that sparks problems on the job and at home , says psychologist Harry Levinson . 
Sonja Steptoe and David Wilson contributed to this article . 
`` It gave me great pride to see the inventor of the microcassette in Japan look at the pico and shake his head and say ` unbelievable , ' '' says Mr. Jachmann . 
According to industry lawyers , the ruling gives pipeline companies an important second chance to resolve remaining disputes and take advantage of the cost-sharing mechanism . 
Shell Canada Ltd. said it plans to build a lubricants blending and packaging plant at Brockville , Ontario , with start-up scheduled for 1992 . 
Litigation consulting is , as New York trial attorney Donald Zoeller puts it , `` highly manipulative . '' 
Dreyfus alone has seen its money market funds grow from $ 1 billion in 1975 to closes to $ 15 billion today . 
For example , in a special meeting Monday with Mr. Phelan , senior officials of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms complained that the exchange is no longer representing their interests . 
True , the amount of money investors are willing to entrust to their brokers has been growing lately . 
When he sells it , he says , the Cowboys will move to a more practical -- read affordable -- grass practice field near Texas Stadium . 
`` I want my dignity back , '' he says . 
Whitbread of Britain put its spirits division up for sale , setting off a scramble among distillers . 
`` Traders five feet from each other were making bids and offers that were a full point apart , '' said one S&P 500 broker . 
The industry used 82.2 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.8 % the previous week and 84 % a year ago . 
Mr. Friend says he passed that along to his adversary , and soon they were talking about the ground rules under which Derr could keep its money and the plaintiffs could take a shot at Mr. Alexander . 
The vaccine , VaxSyn HIV-1 , has been safely given to 14 people , some of whom are experiencing substantial increases in certain antibodies . 
The malaise has created a nostalgic longing for the uncomplicated days of the mid-1980s , before a rash of securities-firm mergers on the eve of the industry 's deregulation in 1986 . 
The 1989 act simply extends these guarantees to the private sector . 
Control Data Corp. , which just months ago was hemorrhaging financially , thinks it will be healthy enough soon to consider repurchasing public debt . 
But all funding is cut for the Philippines , and projects in South Korea are cut to $ 13.6 million , or less than a sixth of the administration 's request . 
I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate . 
HONECKER WAS OUSTED as leader of East Germany amid growing unrest . 
A spokesman for Phoenix , Ariz.-based Valley National , said the concern will be able to withstand the current downturn in Arizona real estate . 
Imports rose 11 % to 18.443 trillion lire in September from a year earlier , while exports rose 17 % to 16.436 trillion lire . 
That 's not character . 
Our copy of Racine ( Wis . ) Labor comes through the mail wrapped around two sections of Baseball Card News . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , BroadBeach said it sold the 101,000 McGill shares for $ 7.3 million in a private transaction on Oct. 12 . 
The offering , Series 1989-82 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 1\/2 % securities and used at-market pricing . 
A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs . 
One of Ronald Reagan 's attributes as President was that he rarely gave his blessing to the claptrap that passes for `` consensus '' in various international institutions . 
The DAX index closed at 1472.76 , up from 1466.29 . 
In its letter to him , dated March 2 and shared with reporters , Alex Hager , the chief of the thrift-institution bureau in the comptroller 's office , expressed puzzlement that the S&L could be so profligate when it had reported losses of more than $ 13 million in its two preceding quarters . 
`` Developers are teaming up with institutions often acting as project managers , '' says Smedes York , ULI president and president of York Properties Inc. , of Raleigh , N.C . 
This magazine and book publisher said three men were elected directors , increasing the board to 10 . 
Next 's computer also needs more software applications , but Mr. Jobs said he expects more soon . 
Those withdrawals , most of which were transferred to other T. Rowe Price funds , followed little change in the fund 's sales picture this year through August . 
Mr. Dannemiller , 51 , joined Bearings in August 1988 from Leaseway Transportation Corp. , where he was president and chief operating officer . 
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds . 
Other major players in intimate apparel apparently feel the same way . 
He considered himself intellectually superior to his Peruvian peers , many of whom were wayward sons sent by their well-off families to the highly disciplined , French-modeled academy as a sort of reform school . 
There are 3.5 million shares of Applied Solar , of which American Cyanamid owns 2.7 million . 
( Within her garden , she has decreed a waterfall , a rill , ponds and other costly , trivial waterworks beside the Hudson . ) 
At the end of the term of the convertible loan , Sears could still own half the building , and AEW could own the other half . 
Debenture holders will also receive the equivalent of 10 % of the common stock of CNW Holdings . 
Champion International Corp. 's third-quarter profit dropped 17 % , reflecting price declines for certain paper products , operating problems at certain mills , and other factors . 
The products range from computer-edited , personal newsletters to systems that sit inside a personal computer and pick stories on selected topics off news wires . 
In yesterday 's composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Louisiana-Pacific shares closed at $ 39.25 , down 37.5 cents . 
`` All of us are on a base salary of $ 200,000 if the firm makes nothing -- and that 's pretty low as far as Wall Street goes , '' Mr. Montgoris said . 
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener . 
Cincinnati Gas & Electric Co. tops the companies portion of the accompanying Insider Trading table this week . 
f - As of Wednesday 's close . 
That does n't appear to be the case in Singapore , a country of about three million people with a relatively high soft-drink consumption rate -- a key indicator of Coke 's success in a market . 
The company continues to trade in the over-the-counter market with an exception to listing requirements . 
Nissan will build only about 3,500 of the $ 38,000 Infiniti Q45 sedans each month , sending about 2,000 of them to the U.S. and keeping the rest for sale in Japan . 
In the 1970s , several pharmaceutical and packaged-goods companies , including Colgate-Palmolive Co. , Eli Lilly & Co. , Pfizer Inc. and Schering-Plough acquired cosmetics companies . 
When the Supreme Court opened the door this year to new restrictions on abortion , Ms. Ehman opened her mind to Democratic politics . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Both men were unavailable to comment . 
It 's a horrible machine , actually . 
But in 1989 most senators have other ideas . 
While `` the tone '' of domestic and international air-freight markets remains sound , seasonal factors are likely to hinder Burlington Air from matching third-quarter results in the fourth quarter , Pittston said . 
Well , mankind can rest easier for now . 
Glaxo was the biggest gainer , jumping 35 to # 13.78 ( $ 21.72 ) on anticipation of a stock split next week . 
According to one London-based analyst , even higher interest rates wo n't help the pound if Britain 's government continues to appear unstable . 
Mr. Siegel asked Mr. Freeman who his source was and , on hearing that it was Bunny Lasker , responded : `` Well , your bunny has a good nose . '' 
They worried about an Interior Department directive to log all communications with Members or their staffs . 
Consumers Power Co. filed with the Michigan Public Service Commission a contract to buy power from the Palisades nuclear plant under a proposed new ownership arrangement for the plant . 
As orders for its aircraft and submarine parts dwindled , three years of steady growth ended with a 69 % drop in income in this year 's first half . 
Among them , he says , is the family 's traditional ties to old wealth and decision-makers in banking and industry throughout Europe and beyond . 
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs . 
Experiments showed that the new , non-virulent toxin is capable of inducing immunity , according to the researchers from the Selavo Research Center in Siena , Italy , the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee and the Japanese National Institutes of Health . 
The fund 's strategy is to sell when a stock appreciates 30 % over its cost . 
But while history can suggest what is reasonable to expect there 's no guarantee that the past will repeat itself . 
All the senators say they merely were trying to ensure fairness for a constituent . 
Hewlett-Packard is a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer maker . 
Mr. Calloway also noted that soft-drink volume rose a hefty 9 % in last year 's third quarter , making the comparison more difficult . 
Suits are likely to be filed against engineering firms , contractors and developers , as well as against local-government agencies . 
The acquisitions , officials said in a letter to Mr. Paul , were `` unsafe , unsound and unauthorized . '' 
Wives May Not Benefit When Men Do Chores 
For the nine months ended July 29 , SFE Technologies reported a net loss of $ 889,000 on sales of $ 23.4 million . 
Through the first nine months of the year , the unadjusted total of all new construction was $ 199.6 billion , flat compared with a year earlier . 
Dollar : 
As a last recourse , when all else has failed and you are pinned , apologize for having disappointed those who trusted you but deny having actually done anything wrong . 
Dr. Vogelstein hopes soon to isolate one on chromosome 18 , also involved in colon cancer . 
When UAL finally opened a half hour late , some 400,000 shares traded at $ 150 . 
Specific terms are subject to review and a final agreement with debt holders , the company said . 
Here is the red tape that irks surveyed business owners the most : 
The marriage of news and theater , if not exactly inevitable , has been consummated nonetheless . 
Eastern 's creditors committee , along with the company , has consistently opposed the pilots ' claim , which if paid would have to come out of money both hope to use to pay off other bankruptcy claims . 
After 20 years of pushing labor proposals to overhaul the nation 's health-care system , Bert Seidman of the AFL-CIO is finding interest from an unlikely quarter : big business . 
Details of the restructuring wo n't be made final until regulators approve the regulations mandated by the new federal act , the company said . 
U.S. reserve assets consist of foreign currencies , gold , special drawing rights at the International Monetary Fund and the U.S. reserve position -- its ability to draw foreign currencies -- at the IMF . 
Sales rose 8 % to $ 456.2 million from $ 422 million . 
Analysts say Mr. Suominen had grown increasingly worried about the state 's potential financial exposure as Waertsilae Marine 's losses ballooned to more than double the figure estimated in August . 
Mr. Foret is one of a handful of executives Mr. Lorenzo has relied on over the years . 
`` That means that if the offense deals with one part of the business , you do n't attempt to seize the whole business ; you attempt to seize assets related to the crime , '' he explained . 
However , HomeFed 's loan originations and purchases plunged 26 % in the quarter , to $ 1.4 billion from $ 1.9 billion a year earlier . 
Mr. Byrne says Fireman 's Fund will probably pay hundreds of millions in primary claims , but , after taxes and use of its reinsurance lines , the company 's fourthquarter charge against earnings should n't top $ 50 million . 
The new facility is expected to begin operations in early 1991 . 
Seita and Matra currently are negotiating with city officials for the right to begin service . 
Some machines make charts for presentations . 
Trouble was , nobody thought they looked right . 
Up in his stadium box , their new and controversial owner , Jerral `` Jerry '' Jones , watches anxiously as the team bounds up to the scrimmage line . 
`` The ( CD ) market is unsettled right now , '' said Banxquote 's Mr. Mehl . 
But under Jerry Perry 's direction the current Steppenwolf production , scheduled to play through Nov. 19 , breaks through the flat and boring ritual that `` The Homecoming '' had become . 
What 's worrying her supporters is that the economic cycle may be out of kilter with the political timetable . 
Mr. Teagan cites a list of substitutes but none , so far , match the nonflammable , nontoxic CFCs . 
Susan Rogin , a consultant to abortion-rights activists in the state , takes comfort from the fact that the state 's House abortion opponents `` have n't been able to muster the votes to overturn a veto on abortion in 16 years . '' 
One consequence of the trend toward tabloid standards of taste will be fierce attacks from politicians who will find sufficient evidence of abuse to arouse an already cynical public to control the press . 
European venture capital funds total about $ 14 billion and are expected to continue growing 35 % annually . 
The sheer number of planners makes the business extremely difficult , if not impossible , to regulate . 
Still , Mr. Carew thinks he can reach a good chunk of the three million-plus black homes he needs by mailing to the almost 10,000 blacks who form what he calls `` the grapevine . '' 
On the week , UAL was down nearly 40 % . 
Orin Kramer , an insurance consultant in New York , estimates that the 1906 San Francisco destruction , on an inflation-adjusted basis , included insured losses of $ 5.8 billion . 
It comes down to a question of whether to try to `` time '' the market . 
On the other hand , Mr. Evans expects the hurricane and the earthquake `` to take a hunk out of fourth-quarter GNP . '' 
Coca-Cola Enterprises , which is 49%-owned by Coca-Cola Co. , also said it repurchased about 1.2 million of its common shares during the third quarter . 
After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in . 
Now there are many cars for every purse and purpose . 
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December . 
And it 's going to be done more frequently as the result of having more access to it at different places . '' 
It said the venture , expected to take control of the facilities Dec. 1 , would also serve another 3,300 independent Unocal gasoline stations . 
Farmers was quick yesterday to point out the many negative aspects it sees in having Axa as its parent . 
A former Oklahoma governor , he 's a thoughtful defender of presidential powers in foreign policy . 
Third-quarter profit was 16 % below the $ 304 million , or $ 1.50 a share , earned in the 1989 second quarter . 
After all , she reasons , `` there were housewives with Nikons and degrees from cooking schools in France who would kill for her job . '' 
Mrs. Burford remains bitter over the overwhelming legal expenses involved in clearing her name . 
Robert Crandall , with the Brookings Institute , agrees . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year rose fractionally . 
Here , too , Mr. Roberts is way off the mark . 
East Rock Partners , which has indicated it might make a bid for the company , said A.P. Green , a refractory products maker , told the partnership it is n't for sale . 
Each share point is worth about $ 60 million in sales . 
But the plan now is being `` reformulated , '' Delmed said , declining to provide most of the new terms of the combination . 
Because the carrier is still pledging to do that , some committee members successfully argued that there 's little reason yet to explore a different plan , according to one person familiar with the creditors ' position . 
But the New Jersey U.S. attorney averaged 16 . 
The ball he hit was n't a strike . 
`` Stop-close-only orders '' are stop orders that only become active during the closing minutes of trading . 
One of the friends sweeps broken dishes and shattered glass from a countertop and starts to pack what can be salvaged from the kitchen . 
The average yield on both two-year CDs and five-year CDs was 7.98 % . 
Its 1.7 million-share offering was priced at 15 . 
`` There are so many possible proportions when you consider how many things are made out of eggs and butter and milk . 
Is n't it true that you were so worked up that framing Mr. Laff for this crime was the least that you planned for him ? '' 
Recently , in Wollo province in the center of Ethiopia , Tigrean forces have killed , wounded and captured an additional 20,000 government troops . 
She said the mural `` preserves an era in Stamford and in our country when this type of work was being done . 
In my opinion , this is not true . 
Mr. Brady also agreed with senators ' concerns about recent stock-market volatility , and said he realizes that the gyrations are scaring investors from investing in stocks . 
Digital Equipment Corp. is planning a big coming-out party on Tuesday for its first line of mainframe computers . 
Meanwhile , Toshiba 's Japanese rivals , Hitachi , Fujitsu Ltd. and NEC Corp. , are n't sitting still . 
Even if there is no restructuring , Manville seems to be attractive long-term . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Enviropact closed at $ 3 a share , up 25 cents . 
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share . 
Dell Computer dropped 7\/8 to 6 . 
Construction shares that gained included Shimizu , which rose 130 to 2,080 . 
`` I feel better than I ever have in my life , '' he says . 
The SEC also charged that Mr. Holmes acted as an officer or director of New Ventures , in violation of his previous consent agreement . 
Among the things I learned covering the World Series these past few weeks is that the Richter scale , which measures earthquakes , is n't like the one in your bathroom . 
For the year , net income tumbled 61 % to $ 86 million , or $ 1.55 a share . 
The San Francisco Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals also has been providing medical care , food , water and foster homes for quake-displaced animals . 
If profits do n't improve , Mr. Whitten says he may quit the exchange . 
The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months . 
Burmah Oil PLC , a British independent oil and specialty-chemicals marketing concern , said SHV Holdings N.V. has built up a 7.5 % stake in the company . 
But Pemex 's courtship with private companies , and especially foreign ones , is controversial in a country where oil has been a symbol of national sovereignty since foreign oil holdings were nationalized in 1938 . 
The Dow Jones Transportation Average fell 32.71 to 1230.80 amid renewed weakness in the airline sector . 
The nine months include $ 125 million of royalty income , up from $ 98 million last year . 
Discussing future monetary arrangements , Mr. Lawson repeated the Thatcher government 's commitment to join the exchange rate mechanism of the European Monetary System , but he did n't indicate when . 
Trelleborg 's internationally traded `` Bfree '' series stock plunged SKr29 ( $ 4.48 ) to SKr205 ( $ 31.65 ) in volatile trading Monday in Stockholm . 
But many Californians may not have adequate insurance coverage to pay for damages to their property . 
Georgia-Pacific Corp. , exceeding some analysts ' expectations , said third-quarter earnings rose 56 % to $ 178 million , or $ 2.03 a share , from $ 114 million , or $ 1.19 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
`` You can tell they 've got nothin ' . '' 
Japan and Europe , far more dependent on Mideast oil than the U.S. , would n't offend the Arabs or trade off their precious supplies . 
Mr. Kasparov 's continuation was slower but , in the end , just as deadly . 
The loan was to have matured in just two to three years , as soon as construction was completed . 
Both products were immensely popular . 
They are in the forefront of opposing the search for new landfills and methods of incineration and even oppose new methods of research such as genetic engineering . 
Bank of New England Corp. , seeking to streamline its business after a year of weak earnings and mounting loan problems , said it will sell some operations and lay off 4 % of its work force . 
All this is causing convulsions in professional football . 
Through August , the top five program trading firms in volume were Morgan Stanley & Co. , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , Merrill Lynch & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Sales rose 9.7 % to $ 351.5 million from $ 320.4 million . 
`` There are enough enlightened and spirited individuals who know their responsibilities , '' he says . 
Mr. Guber also says in his affidavit that Mr. Daly `` told us that even if Sony did not want us , Warner 's relationship with us already was irreparably damaged , that there was no way ` to put the egg together , ' and that it would sue Sony for tons of money . '' 
Eventually , the money funds ' success forced relaxation of curbs on bank interest rates to allow banks to offer competing yields . 
Kent Walker , 45 , a former partner at the Philadelphia law firm of Mesirov , Gelman , Jaffe , Cramer & Jamieson , will specialize in antitrust , real estate and mergers and acquisitions . 
Farm-machine makers such as Caterpillar and Deere work in the metric system . 
Today , though the public is barely aware , much of U.S. industry , particularly companies manufacturing or selling overseas , have made metrics routine . 
Hostile takeovers are quite a new phenomenon . 
I 'm sure she 'll appreciate what an efficient reaction to her problems the price system has created . 
Faced with the virtually impossible task of supervising the execution of each trade , many commodity brokerage firms are likely to stop doing business with independents and instead hire their own salaried floor brokers . 
I believe the U.S. is becoming more patient and circumspect , '' he said . 
Revenue rose 11 % to $ 4.56 billion from $ 4.12 billion . 
It also charges that Imperial , the holding company for Imperial Savings & Loan , experienced major losses and writedowns because of improper assessment of the risks of junk-bond investments and wholesale consumer loan packages . 
At the same time , many of Spain 's traditional export markets in Latin America and other developing areas faced a sharp decline in economic growth . 
In the year-ago quarter , net totaled $ 14.7 million , or 38 cents a share , including $ 4 million , or 10 cents a share , reflecting a tax-loss carry-forward . 
That news , plus recent signs of economic sluggishness , greatly increases pressure on the Federal Reserve to ease credit further , which in turn would be good news for stocks , investment managers say . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar . 
SOFT CONTACT LENSES WON federal blessing on March 18 , 1971 , and quickly became eye openers for their makers . 
Now is the time to reform the government from a provider , developing-country vanguard role to that of a modern , industrialized nation in which consumers have the ultimate choice . 
The amount Bally and Mr. Trump will pay to settle the class-action suit pales in comparison to the $ 45 million Walt Disney Co. and Saul Steinberg 's Reliance Group Holdings Inc. agreed to pay to settle a similar suit in July . 
In the new show , he said , `` we 're going to spend $ 60,000 building a start-up house '' for a young couple . 
Before the loan-loss addition , it said , it had operating profit of $ 10 million for the quarter . 
With the advantage of playing white ( which moves first ) , Mr. Kasparov followed up cleverly against the computer 's defense , a Queen 's Gambit Accepted . 
Everyone around me lives well . 
After Sony Corp. 's recent headline-grabbing acquisition of Columbia Pictures , many say it makes good political sense to lie low . 
Sen. Dixon held the hearing to follow up on a provision in the savings and loan bailout bill that required regulators to report on evidence of discimination in mortgage lending . 
Of Morgan Stanley 's 66.8 million shares in program trades for the month , 53.1 million were in stock-index arbitrage trades . 
So many people fudge on answers about exercise , the president 's council now uses specific criteria to determine what is considered vigorous : It must produce contractions of large muscle groups , must achieve 60 % of maximum aerobic capacity and must be done three or more times a week for a minimum of 20 minutes . 
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares . 
Although a Finnish group has a minority interest in an already operating Moscow hotel , the Sheraton-Pan Am venture will be the first joint-venture hotels in the Soviet Union to have as much as 50 % foreign ownership . 
Clean Harbors , based in Quincy , said it `` will proceed expeditiously '' to submit the data requested . 
`` It has never been done before , but there 's always a first . 
In the nine months , earnings rose 12 % to $ 555.6 million , or $ 1.49 a share , from $ 494.4 million , or $ 1.31 a share , a year earlier . 
Negative money was invented in 1988 to make the 1990-94 Five Year Defense Plan conform to the numbers in President Reagan 's final budget submission to Congress . 
SciMed said the appeals court remanded the case back to the district court for further proceedings . 
Hitachi Zosen Corp. , a shipbuilder buried in debt just a few years ago , will build a machinery plant , its first expansion in 14 years . 
`` I do n't have anything much to say , and I think that 's what you 're going to find from everyone else you talk to up here , '' says local attorney Edward F. Peduzzi . 
The agreement calls for MCI to provide data service , 800 and Vnet service , a virtual private network service . 
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury . 
As if he were still in his old job , Mr. Wright , by resigning with his title instead of being forced from his job , by law enjoys a $ 120,000 annual office expense allowance , three paid staffers , up to $ 67,000 for stationery and telephones and continued use of the franking privilege . 
This could mean diminished issuance of derivative mortgage issues during the next few weeks . 
They included one of Mr. Noriega 's closest friends and business partners , Carlos Wittgreen . 
France will propose a slightly watered-down version of the charter to be discussed by EC social-affairs ministers on Monday , officials said . 
But the amount was still 39 % higher than the year-ago level , and 25 % higher as a percentage of total loans . 
So , is the tax code now open game again ? 
I am not a proponent of everything Gandhi did , but some of his law breaking was justified because India was then under occupation by a foreign power , and Indians were not able to participate fully in decisions that vitally affected them . 
In any settlement , Warner is almost certain to demand rights to most of the 50 or so projects Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters have locked up for the next few years , notably sequels to `` Batman . '' 
In addition to the stock and 20 % of Manville 's profits beginning in 1992 , the trust is supposed to receive $ 2.5 billion over its 27-year life . 
The bank holding company said stock repurchased will be used to meet requirements for the company 's benefit plans . 
The drugstore chain reacted cautiously , saying the plan would further swell its huge debt , which forced the company into Chapter 11 protection last year . 
`` If you take away the outside influences , the market itself looks very cheap . 
Union Pacific Corp. 's rail unit said that except for damage to shipping containers in its Oakland yard , its track , bridges and structures were unharmed . 
On Thursday , a day after he took office , East German television broke into regular programming to launch a talk show in which viewers call in questions for a panel of officials to answer . 
He dies . 
The declines mainly reflected widespread weakness in durable goods , those intended to last more than three years . 
Private security guards and moonlighting police can invoke the law of trespass to regulate access to these quasi-public places . 
However , Bear Stearns on Monday reported improved earnings for its first quarter , ended Sept. 29 , partly because of a 31 % increase in commissions during the quarter . 
A good deal of the book is boring , particularly the endless allusions to high and pop culture and the frequent jokes festooning the text . 
Mr. Runkel says he doubts Mr. Kennedy can muster enough congressional support to reorganize the Justice Department . 
Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher , who attended the ceremony , called the undertaking a `` historic step '' in the evolution of U.S.-Soviet ties . 
He adds , `` The notion they try to sell is that juries do n't make decisions rationally . 
Kodak , based in Rochester , N.Y. , said IBM also had bid for the business . 
But he warns that banks will have `` to have enough discipline '' not to make loans that are too risky . 
But the proposals also display political savvy , couching some of the most controversial ideas in cautious language so as not to alienate powerful conservatives in the government who stand to lose out if they are implemented . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A rose 1 1\/4 to 22 3\/8 . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Esselte closed yesterday at $ 43.50 a share , up $ 1 . 
`` The idea is to keep the clothes on and to keep people seated . 
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation . 
AFTERSHOCKS RATTLED Northern California amid an earthquake cleanup . 
It is difficult , however , to justify civil disobedience , non-violent or not , where citizens have full recourse to the ballot box to effect change . 
The year was already shaping up as a difficult one for the recreational vehicle industry , which makes products such as motor homes , travel trailers , folding campers and van conversions . 
Employees wore identification badges listing not only their names but also their dates of hire . 
Allianz of West Germany entered the takeover battle between France 's Paribas and Navigation Mixte . 
H&R BLOCK Inc. had net income of $ 100.2 million , or $ 1.90 a share , in the fiscal year ended April 30 . 
Japan normally depends heavily on the Highland Valley and Cananea mines as well as the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea . 
`` But I would n't write off '' Sir James or other potential bidders . 
Guarantee by Credit Lyonnais . 
Although Paribas denies it , analysts say the new bid in part simply reflects the continuing rivalry between France 's two largest investment banking groups . 
The bikes are unwelcome on trails in national parks . 
Last year 's results reflected a gain of $ 28.2 million on disposition of assets and a $ 165 million pretax provision mainly from costs of completing certain waste-to-energy and other power plants . 
We think that the ratings revision is unfortunate but not unexpected . 
Most recently he had been executive vice president for planning and finance at Texas Air . 
Pachinko , a kind of pinball , is Japan 's favorite form of legal gambling . 
This past summer , Quotron sold its customer-service unit , employing 600 , to Phoenix Technologies Inc. , a closely held computer-service firm in Valley Forge , Pa . 
`` It 's like kicking the tires of a car ... . 
The vast majority of the U.S. corn crop now is grown from hybrid seeds produced by seed companies . 
Chimanbhai Mehta , a parliamentarian and former Gandhi ally , predicts Congress ( I ) will win only 150 seats , a quarter of the house , if the opposition fields single candidates in 80 % of the races . 
Clinton and Timken agreed not to disclose the value of the contract . 
CBS held the previous record for consecutive No. 1 victories -- 46 weeks -- during the 1962-63 season . 
But it may amount to little more than posturing ; the two have continued on-again , off-again settlement talks over the last few weeks , and people familiar with the talks say the matter could be resolved within a week . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.47 % 30 days ; 8.30 % 60 days ; 8.27 % 90 days ; 8.08 % 120 days ; 7.98 % 150 days ; 7.90 % 180 days . 
Asarco said it plans to shut down or sell its Rapatee coal mine and will end its involvement in southern Illinois strip mining . 
The Soviet Union 's jobless rate is soaring to 27 % in some areas , Pravda said . 
At Scudder , Stevens & Clark Inc. , phone calls came in at 40 % more than the normal pace through early afternoon . 
Other stocks were affected by corporate earnings . 
Military buyers have shown interest , National says , because ferroelectric chips resist atomic radiation . 
Indeed , Mr. Gorbachev 's proposals display a close conceptual resemblance to the tenets of Italian fascism , whose architects spoke specifically of a `` third way '' : of having produced a historic synthesis of socialism and capitalism . 
The metaphor of theater is not entirely coincidental . 
Bristol-Myers said net income rose 15 % to $ 266.2 million , or 93 cents a share , from $ 232.3 million , or 81 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Mazda has the Bongo truck and , under its Autozam nameplate , a `` microvan '' called the Scrum . 
Their report galvanized other molecular biologists . 
Signs of revival seem evident in Hong Kong 's hard-hit hotel sector . 
The first GAF trial ended in a mistrial after four weeks when U.S. District Judge Mary Johnson Lowe found that a prosecutor improperly , but unintentionally , withheld a document . 
He notes that , as a lawmaker from the San Francisco area , he fights each year to preserve federal funds for the Bay Area Rapid Transit system . 
Many thanks for Alexander Cockburn 's comic masterpiece ( `` U.S. . Economy : A House Built on Junk-Bond Sand , '' Viewpoint , Oct. 19 ) . 
`` There 's some price at which we 'd stop bidding . '' 
A report issued late yesterday by Standard & Poor 's Corp. concluded the quake wo n't cause `` wide-scale credit deterioration '' for issuers and debt issues in the 12-county area of Northern California affected by the quake . 
In the diversifed businesses segment , which includes herbicides , profit grew to $ 64 million from $ 27 million . 
Analysts at Standard & Poor 's say junk bond offerings by `` tightly stretched '' issuers seem to be growing . 
And in addition to the $ 5,000 , he has promised the winner a `` My Favorite Bureaucrat '' plaque and offered each of two runners-up $ 500 . 
On July 18 , 1974 , International Nickle of Canada -- advised by Morgan -- offered $ 28 a share , equal to $ 157 million , for ESB , a Philadelphia battery maker . 
The last time cocoa traded at prices as low as currently was in 1974 . 
`` I 'm really wiped out after walking five hours , '' she says . 
Most of the earnings decline reflected an increase in the company 's effective tax rate to 44 % from 37 % in the year-ago third quarter when nonrecurring tax credits were recorded , the company said . 
A friend of mine was in an underground computer center in downtown SF when the quake hit . 
But these days , large firms hire as many as 30 new associates a year , and it 's impossible to personally train everyone , says Joel Henning of Hildebrandt Inc. , a consulting firm that runs training classes . 
`` We 're going to see another big wave of failures and defaults between now and year-end ... . 
Despite the Orange Workers ' intention to put them all out of work , they are in no hurry to leave . 
`` It happens . '' 
In the 45 minutes before the 9:30 opening bell , the Jacobson specialists kept getting sell orders , heavier than they imagined . 
Trucking , shipping and air-freight firms are all planning rate increases , reflecting higher costs and tightened demand . 
`` UAL is a small deal as far as the overall market is concerned . 
Cases in Los Angeles County involving dependent children are usually heard in the Criminal Courts Building . 
Soon after the release of the U.S. trade figures , the dollar plunged to an intraday low of 140.95 yen . 
As for California being a state run by liberal environmental loonies , let 's not forget where Ronald Reagan came from . 
Securities of MeraBank were placed under review last May , and will remain under review for downgrade , the agency said . 
Minpeco attorney Thomas Gorman decribed the plan as one step toward an overall settlement of the W. Herbert Hunt case but Hugh Ray , attorney for Manufacturers Hanover , called it `` silly '' and said he would fight it in court . 
Prices for general-purpose PVC resin have dropped more than 15 % since last December , he said . 
When they reapportion their districts after the 1990 census , every other municipality and state in the country will face this issue . 
For instance , employment in Denver will be reduced to 105 from 430 . 
Stock prices , meanwhile , posted significant gains in later trading and closed down by only 3.69 points on the day . 
Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly mellifluous , reassuring , and designed to make financial products and maneuvers appear better , safer or cheaper than they really are . 
Can a security analyst call an investment banker to make certain that a seemingly improbable rumor is in fact false ? 
On Tuesday , for instance , the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 80 points in little more than an hour . 
Among takeover stocks , Jefferson Smurfit jumped 1 1\/4 to 42 1\/2 after SIBV-MS Holdings said the price to be paid to Jefferson Smurfit 's minority holders has been raised to $ 43 a share . 
There is n't enough . 
Exxon Capital , long-rumored to be a potential debt issuer , offered $ 200 million of 10-year notes priced to yield 8.31 % . 
Their reaction was to do nothing and ride it out . '' 
Several cotton analysts said that the move appeared to be mostly technical . 
Some 1,111 Big Board issues advanced in price and only 448 declined , while broader market averages rose sharply . 
The commercial , created by Bateman , Bryan & Galles Inc. , of Dallas , adds derisively : `` I bet it takes a real tough truck to haul your Ivy League buddies to the yacht club . '' 
Standard cases would require less judicial attention , and fast-track cases could be resolved quickly . 
Warner , in its court filings , calls it `` a piece of fiction created for this litigation . '' 
Harry J. Gray and Melvyn N. Klein , along with five other IMA designees , were named to join American Medical 's 10-member board . 
Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. , continues to lose money , the executives acknowledged , but they said they consider some of the technology vital to national defense and so are reluctant to dispose of it . 
Prudential currently is seeking approval to offer a new fund offering a return equal to the S&P 500 index plus 5\/100 of a percentage point . 
It also marks a `` major commitment to { real estate } development , which we have n't been involved with before , '' said Dale Hanson , the fund 's executive director . 
In contrast , sell limit orders must be placed above the market price and buy limit orders are placed below . 
Moreover , 41 companies that paid no federal income tax from 1981 through 1985 -- despite billions of dollars of profits -- ended up paying an average of 27.9 % of their income in federal taxes in 1988 . 
Other tax benefits probably will be restored and created . 
And the show 's creativity makes up for any technological deficiencies . 
Mr. Clanahan says FEMA now possibly may have the heaviest caseload in its history . 
But Smith Barney 's Mr. Doyle , who yesterday trimmed his 1990 Anheuser earnings projection to $ 2.95 a share from $ 3.10 , called the market 's reaction `` justified . '' 
Sales jumped 12.2 % to 232.12 billion yen from 206.87 billion yen . 
Back in the chase car , we drove around some more , got stuck in a ditch , enlisted the aid of a local farmer to get out the trailer hitch and pull us out of the ditch . 
The year earlier , the company had a net loss of $ 4.3 million , or 20 cents a share , based on 21 million common shares and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
The offering , Series 1989-87 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 1\/2 % securities . 
AMR , the parent of American Airlines , continued to retreat in the wake of New York developer Donald Trump 's decision to withdraw his $ 120-a-share takeover bid . 
The committee intends to meet next week to make a recommendation on the new plan . 
Before that , he was an executive with a manufacturing concern . 
Explosions shook a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas , hurling debris and causing a fire visible from 10 miles away . 
Genentech 's first product , a brain protein called somatostatin , proved its technology . 
The trust also owns half of Manville 's 48 million common shares outstanding . 
Asked about the consultants ' reports , an Eastern spokeswoman said `` we totally disagree . '' 
They commonly give two scenarios : One is based on interest rates that the company guarantees ( usually 4 % to 4.5 % ) and the other on the rate it is currently getting on investment , often 8.5 % or more . 
While a few assets are still being shopped -- including the sports and entertainment ticketing portion of the company 's Ticketron unit -- Mr. Price said future restructuring would be a question of strategy . 
`` It 's very easily influenced by changes in the stock market and the junk bond market . '' 
`` The word surrender has a precise psychoanalytic meaning . 
The Arab states , always bitterly resentful of U.S. support toward Israel , realized they held an irresistable weapon -- oil . 
There also is concern that once Hong Kong reverts to China 's sovereignty in 1997 , Cathay will be forced to play second fiddle to China 's often-disparaged flag carrier , Civil Aviation Administration of China , or CAAC . 
`` We think it 's very important to provide as much information as possible on the drugs consumers take , '' said Searle Chairman Sheldon Gilgore . 
Australia 's National Companies and Securities Commission said it will allow S.A. Brewing to acquire an option on as much as 20 % of Bell Resources Ltd. , a unit of Bond Corp. that is in the process of acquiring Bond Corp. 's brewing businesses for 2.5 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 1.93 billion ) . 
Consolidated Freightways Inc. reported a 77 % drop in third-quarter net income , citing expected losses in its Emery Worldwide shipping business . 
Statistics Canada said service-industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July . 
It gave 1,124 businesses a questionnaire and analyzed 353 responses . 
He won D.T. 's queen for two minor pieces and two pawns -- not enough compensation , in this position , to give the computer much hope . 
GE , which was surprised by the last-minute subpoena for more than 100 boxes and file cabinets of documents , countered that senior GE managers did n't find out about questionable billing practices until 1985 , and that the information was passed on quickly to Mr. Orr at his first meeting with company representatives . 
When the Congress ( I ) lost the 1977 election , following Mrs. Gandhi 's hated emergency rule , a similar coalition took power and then disintegrated . 
The AFL-CIO , which previously opposed the administration 's subminimum idea , said the compromise has `` adequate safeguards , so the youth are not exploited and older workers are not displaced . '' 
B.A.T has been London 's best-performing blue chip over the past six months , up 40 % against a 4 % rise in the Financial Times 100-Share Index . 
Weirton Steel Corp. said it reached a tentative agreement on a 48-month labor contract with the Independent Steelworkers Union covering production and maintenance employees . 
However , those premiums are usually far smaller than on zero-coupon CDs , and the simpler pricing structure of a standard CD makes it more apparent when a premium is paid . 
American journalist William L. Shirer , in his book `` The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich , '' wrote of how in Vienna he had witnessed `` squads of { Nazi } SS men carting off silver , tapestries , paintings and other loot from the Rothschild palace . '' 
The fiscal 1989 budget deficit figure came out Friday . 
Mr. Ishiguro 's ability to create a fallible narrative voice that permits him to explore such intertwining domestic , cultural and political themes was abundantly clear in his previous novel , `` An Artist of the Floating World , '' set in Japan after the war . 
Mr. Rambo says that a 3.2-acre property overlooking the San Fernando Valley is priced at $ 4 million because the late actor Erroll Flynn once lived there . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Baxter closed at $ 22.25 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
It does n't help that sometimes Ms. Rose 's language fails to deliver the effect she appears to want . 
And Robert D. Arnott , president of asset allocator First Quadrant , notes that before Friday 's tailspin , daily volatility on the New York Stock Exchange in recent weeks had reached `` historically low levels . '' 
But , so far , the change of scenery has n't ended his string of bad breaks . 
The wall behind me was slightly deformed , but the center had held . 
He was all too aware of how a large , inadequately supervised NSC staff had spun out of control and nearly wrecked President Reagan 's second term . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
That 's more than 10 times the usual housing site size . 
Savings and loans reject blacks for mortgage loans twice as often as they reject whites , the Office of Thrift Supervision said . 
Mr. Johnson has been a managing director at Shearson Lehman Hutton since 1985 , and before that was president of Public Strategies , a Washington consulting firm . 
The market hovered near Friday 's closing price of 328.85 for about a half hour , moving several index points higher or lower in seconds , then broke higher and did n't look back . 
Both residents ' organizations admit to receiving some funding from abroad . 
Their effort to run him out of Washington is an embarrassment to the original purpose of their own movement . 
Then take the expected return and subtract one standard deviation . 
Parsow Partnership Ltd. and Elkhorn Partners L.P. said they may seek proposals from third parties relating to a sale or restructuring of CACI International Inc . 
Since the bureau 's estimates for the business sector provide the numerator for the productivity ratios calculated by the Department of Labor , underestimated growth rates artificially depress official productivity statistics . 
This trend appears to be especially true at General Motors Corp. , which used both dealer and consumer incentives to ignite sales in August and September . 
Part of the drop will come from an anticipated charge of as much as $ 500 million from the proposed sale of its Rouge Steel unit . 
Gabriel W. Gorenstein , the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case for the FBI , said no decision has been made about appealing the judge 's ruling . 
Some plan to pursue foreign development ventures , mostly in Europe . 
Detrex said it is one of at least 17 companies notified by the Environmental Protection Agency that they may be potentially responsible for cleaning up the Fields Brook watershed near Detrex 's Ashtabula plant at a total cost the EPA estimates at $ 48 million -- a figure Detrex said the companies dispute . 
It was considered a victory for Democratic leaders , who favor a law barring flag burning . 
Within two days , he was on his way to New York and Tokyo to meet with top brass at Sony . 
And what about insurance firms ? 
More than 50 % felt the same way about air bags . 
The announcement dispelled some Wall Street observers ' fears that New World might demand a huge premium for the delay , or scrap the deal entirely . 
All the preferred stock is held by the Yukon Office Supply Stock Ownership Plan . 
Sales fell 1.2 % to $ 190.1 million from $ 192.5 million . 
To ask those questions is to answer them . 
`` This , '' says Ms. Peterson , `` is what it 's all about . '' 
`` There 's a 99 % chance that the Fantasy will be delivered close to schedule , '' said Caroline Levy , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Such moves have helped Mr. Rosen weather the industry slump of recent years . 
Critics have said the payment looked like an attempt by the Dinkins camp to get Mr. Carson to stop leading confrontational demonstrations protesting the Bensonhurst murder -- protests the campaign may have feared could cause some white voters to turn from a black candidate . 
Over the past two years , Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms , including Occidental Petroleum Co. and Combustion Engineering Inc. of the U.S. , Montedison S.p.A. of Italy and several Japanese groups , about jointly building and operating several big petrochemical plants . 
\* Actual performance , not annualized 
He also is close to American Express 's chairman and chief executive officer , James D. Robinson III . 
As previously reported , the account is troubled , with Philip Morris asking Backer Spielvogel Bates , Ogilvy & Mather , and possibly others to try their hand at developing new creative work . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % four months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % five months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % six months . 
Yesterday , in national trading in the over-the-counter market , Gen-Probe common closed at $ 3.25 a share . 
A heavy dose of cash is prescribed , along with a heavier-than-usual allotment to bonds -- preferably government bonds . 
The council 's annual report has psyllium on its last page , lumped with such unglamorous export items as sarsaparilla and `` Nux vomica , '' a plant that induces vomiting . 
Since those bonds already pay a slightly higher yield , an extra premium for the earthquake risk , they were n't materially affected . 
Mr. Bush even disclosed privately that one Reagan-era deal with Congress required him to notify the odious Panamanian dictator , Manuel Noriega , if the U.S. learned of a coup plot that might endanger his life . 
A year ago , the Minneapolis glass products and aluminum window maker earned $ 4 million , or 30 cents a share , on revenue of $ 114 million . 
That was followed by three months at the Aetna Institute in Hartford , where she was immersed in learning how to read and interpret policies . 
From Asia , he has mink jackets with floral patterns made by using different colored furs . 
Guber Peters stock , which traded as low as $ 6 a share last year , closed yesterday at $ 16.625 . 
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds . 
Westmoreland 's strategy is to retain and expand its core business of mining and selling low-sulphur coal in the Appalachia region . 
Its many lively stories include the Gutfreund-Postel holiday cheer imbroglio . 
The interviews took place two years ago . 
He had worked with Mr. McDonough on an earlier project and recruited him as architect for the trade center . 
And in a Japanese corporate first , Nissan recently opened the first coed company dormitory for single employees at the suburban Tokyo technical center . 
The New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group earlier this year began offering advertisers extensive merchandising services built around buying ad pages in its Golf Digest magazine . 
However , the company also lost orders because of prolonged labor talks in the second quarter . 
The trust will issue the certificates . 
Over the past two years , the Fed has given a handful of banks ' securities affiliates permission to underwrite and deal in a variety of corporate , asset-backed and municipal securities that had previously been the sole domain of securities firms . 
The elections will be a rigorous test for the 45-year-old prime minister and Congress ( I ) , which in various forms has ruled for 40 of India 's 42 years of independence . 
`` Our { computer } model has a certain trigger point , '' he said . 
Sunday , Nov. 5 , 10:30 a.m.-1:30 p.m. EST , on ABC : New York City Marathon . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
`` It 's hard to imagine how the markets were speculating , given that nobody could get through to San Francisco , '' said one amazed oil company executive . 
By comparison , global asset allocation funds have turned in an average total return of about 19 % , while domestic flexible portfolios are up about 17 % . 
A former vice president of the Singapore branch of Drexel Burnham Lambert Group Inc. was charged in court yesterday on 19 counts of cheating . 
In addition , a second Part B premium to cover the cost of the new program of insurance against catastrophic illness will rise to $ 4.90 a month from $ 4 , if Congress does n't change the program . 
`` The philosophy is to make the patient and the family very responsible for a portion of their own care , '' says Anthony J. Grieco , medical director of cooperative care at New York University Medical Center , where the concept began 10 years ago . 
Toyota plans to raise Lexus exports when a new plant starts up next year . 
But early on , IBM offered its basic design to anybody wanting to copy it . 
Dan J. Hartwell , 41 , executive vice president of Bank One , Dover , was named president and chief executive of the Dover bank , succeeding Mr. Pissocra . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.04 % two months ; 8.03 % three months ; 7.96 % six months ; 7.92 % one year . 
The House version of the bill would make debt non-deductible if it pays five percentage points above Treasury notes , has at least a five-year maturity and does n't pay interest for at least one year out of the first five . 
Spurred by growth in world-wide sales of the company 's prescription drugs , Warner-Lambert said 1989 will be the best year in its history , with per-share earnings expected to increase more than 20 % to about $ 6.10 . 
I 'm at extension 29 . ' '' 
Capital has been democratized , and people want in . 
As of late yesterday , the IPO was still on . 
Gaylord Container said analysts are skeptical of it because it 's carrying a lot of debt . 
Third-quarter net income slid to $ 5.1 million , or six cents a share , from $ 56 million , or 65 cents , a year earlier . 
The House joined the Senate in making federal reparations for Japanese-Americans held in World War II internment camps a legal entitlement requiring the Treasury Department to meet expedited payments of an estimated $ 1.25 billion during the next several years . 
Nor is it a Hungary , where yesterday the parliament approved constitutional changes meant to help turn the Communist nation into a multiparty democracy . 
Farmers Home Administration ( FmHA ) loans have turned into de facto giveaway programs ; losses over the next three years are expected to exceed $ 20 billion . 
One former executive says , `` Nobody wanted that deal inside USX except Dave Roderick , '' who was a hunting and fishing buddy of William L. Hutchison , chairman of Texas Oil & Gas . 
The 49-nation organization , meeting in Malaysia , called for tighter financial pressure immediately . 
It may also lead to new safeguards in major construction projects such as double-deck highways . 
`` It may very well be what the Japanese banks want , '' he told Radio New Zealand . 
Stock prices fell and bonds rose as worries mounted about the economy and the junk bond market . 
Both have been raised at least 30 % in recent years , even while the price of gasoline has fallen . 
As many as 50 of his employees at Specialized Bicycle Components Inc. ride with him . 
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands . 
But when the judge received his payment book , he disavowed the deal . 
Mr. Jobs , co-founder of Apple Computer Inc. , founded Next four years ago in the hopes of fomenting a revolution in the way desktop computers are designed and used . 
WEIRTON STEEL Corp. said it completed a $ 300 million sale of 10-year notes , the final step in the 1984 buy-out of the company from National Steel Corp . 
But some time ago , researchers discovered that soluble fibers also lower cholesterol levels in the blood . 
It switched to a caffeine-free formula using its new Coke in 1985 . 
`` I was near the top of the stadium , and saw a steel girder bow six feet from where I sat , but I stayed put for 10 or 15 minutes , '' confessed a friend . 
Turner has made several movies , docudramas and documentaries for its networks in recent years , but the company has never acted as a full-fledged movie studio and released its own pictures to theaters . 
People on fixed incomes get a break at Espre ; over 55 wins a 45 % discount at Anaheim Imperial Health Spa . 
The bureau said some 3.5 million fewer people would have fallen below the poverty line in 1988 -- and the poverty rate would have been 10.5 % instead of 13.1 % -- under the alternative calculation . 
The company had a loss from operations of $ 1.7 million . 
California , where earthquake damage may top $ 5 billion , plans a special legislative session . 
Small investors perceive that `` big operators '' dominate the market , said Thomas O'Hara , chairman of the National Association of Investors and head of the exchange 's Individual Investors Advisory Committee set up after the 1987 crash . 
The investment boom is mainly sparked , they say , by strong domestic demand and is n't likely to increase exports sharply . 
`` He did n't say much , but what he said was important because it 's not in the score . 
`` If you look at 75 years worth of investment history -- including the Great Depression and every bear market since -- stocks have outperformed almost everything an individual could have owned by a long shot , '' says Barry Berlin , vice president at First Wachovia Capital Management . 
`` Instead of buying masks for your kids , just cut out the columnists ' pictures ... . 
Comair said it paid cash but declined to disclose the price . 
Median family income was $ 32,191 , down 0.2 % . 
Also , the soil in the Valley is solid , unlike the landfill of San Francisco 's downtown Marina District , which was hit with fires and vast destruction . 
How could he be ? 
And Democrats , who are under increasing pressure from their leaders to reject the gains-tax cut , are finding reasons to say no , at least for now . 
For years , the canceled checks of a small number of well-known baseball players have been bought and sold . 
The bureau found that only two of six New York furniture stores could prove their presale prices were higher . 
Members of Congress have proposed restricting dual trading in bills to reauthorize CFTC operations . 
In Tokyo Friday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 142.02 yen , up from Thursday 's Tokyo close of 141.90 yen . 
According to Mr. Frawley , floor traders say there is good support for December gold in the $ 374 to $ 375 per ounce area , around $ 5.20 an ounce for December silver and in the $ 485 to $ 490 an ounce range for January platinum . 
A Soviet legislative panel rejected as not radical enough a government proposal on decentralizing economic control . 
Sure . 
In the third quarter , the company , which is 61%-owned by Murphy Oil Corp. of Arkansas , had a net loss of $ 46.9 million , or 91 cents a share , compared with a restated loss of $ 9 million , or 18 cents a share , a year ago . 
`` Capitalizing on the brand is key , '' says Mr. Brawer , whose immediate plans include further international expansion and getting better control of distribution outside the U.S. . 
G.D. Searle & Co. , a Monsanto Co. unit , is launching a program to give consumers more information about its drugs when doctors prescribe them . 
Entertainment shows tend to cost twice that . 
Here 's a Waltana , '' he exclaims , picking one off a tree . 
Yesterday , American Medical said that the two other parties told the company that they do n't have any current intention of making a takeover bid . 
Payment by Allianz for the insurance interests it has just bought will help swell the French concern 's treasury to an estimated 11 billion francs . 
Mr. Johnson said the first-quarter loss also heavily reflected a rapid change in graphics technology that left reseller channels with too many of the old computer graphics boards and too few new monitors compatible with the new graphics boards . 
The chords modulate , but there is little filigree even though his fingers begin to wander over more of the keys . 
Integrated Resources Inc. , the troubled financial-services company that has been trying to sell its core companies to restructure debt , said talks with a potential buyer ended . 
Bonds : 
The decline reflected the expense of buying three magazines , lower earnings from the forest-products group , and what is proving to be a nagging major problem , continued declines in advertising linage at the New York Times , the company 's flagship daily newspaper . 
MCI claims about 12 % of the overall long-distance telephone market but just under 10 % of the $ 23 billion residential market . 
Western Union Corp. took steps to withdraw its proposed debt swap for $ 500 million in high-interest notes and said it is looking at other alternatives for refinancing the debt . 
Still , Mr. Peladeau stuck with the venture . 
`` They may get passed up later when other publishers get their acts together , but for now they are the quickest offering the most extensive plan , '' he said . 
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services . 
But it has been an open question whether Mr. Sikes , an extraordinarily cautious man , would continue pushing deregulation at the FCC in the face of what is likely to be great political pressure . 
Prices also rose on almost every other major exchange in Europe , Asia and the Pacific . 
It was the most exercise we 'd had all morning and it was followed by our driving immediately to the nearest watering hole . 
If it is n't , the black market for dollars probably will continue to thrive . 
And the winners will be the colleges , not either network . 
Talks between the two sides could unravel , of course , as they have more than once since Sony announced its plans to hire Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
The result , according to many analysts , is higher prices and less innovation . 
The investor will be out the cost of the put , which is called the `` premium , '' and this loss will reduce the stock-market profit . 
U.S. producers had a $ 2.15 billion backlog of unfilled orders at the end of September . 
Ad industry executives were n't surprised by Mr. Roman 's decision to leave Ogilvy . 
Fannie Mae also said James A. Aliber , chairman of First Federal of Michigan and a director since 1985 , moved up the date of his retirement from the board to accommodate Mr. Johnson 's election as a director . 
The one-hour program will be repeated with updates throughout Saturday mornings . 
Billing is included in a caller 's regular phone bill . 
Spiegel , which also owns Eddie Bauer and Honeybee , says that since 1987 , sales have doubled during the week before Christmas . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Sales rose 11 % to $ 7.73 billion from $ 6.94 billion . 
So its senior executives are talking openly about possibly buying back some of the company 's $ 172.5 million in subordinated convertible debentures next year . 
Winnebago posted a widened quarterly loss and slashed its dividend in half , reflecting the deepening slowdown in recreational vehicle sales . 
Drugs were a major issue in two days of talks between French President Francois Mitterrand and Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez . 
For the year , however , access lines in service have increased 5.5 % . 
Still , a few individual companies , most likely smaller ones , could be devastated . 
A.G. Edwards & Sons runs training classes and looks for experienced brokers . 
Moreover , their balance sheets are rich with diversity , their old plants shuttered , and work forces lean . 
British life insurer London & General , which firmed 2 pence to 356 pence ( $ 5.70 ) , and composite insurer Royal Insurance , which finished 13 lower at 475 , were featured in the talk . 
But London 's problems were nothing compared with the Continent 's . 
It also operates Waldenbooks , Pay Less Drug Stores and Builders Square home improvement stores . 
Mr. Gould finds this oddly exhilarating ; like an existentialist of old , he views our contingency as `` a source of both freedom and consequent moral responsibility . '' 
The National Taxpayers Union would like Congress to add 800,000 acres to the 453,000 of shoreline in the system by enacting `` The Coastal Barrier Improvement Act of 1989 . '' 
Individuals familiar with the negotiations said the partial settlement being negotiated would remove the Boesky partnership , the British fund and Mr. Boesky as defendants , while Drexel and other defendants would remain . 
Since then , prices have slumped , to an average of $ 395,374 this summer . 
The Freind legislation -- the state 's House Judiciary Committee approved it in Harrisburg this week and the full Pennsylvania House is expected to take up the bill next Tuesday -- includes a provision to ban abortions after 24 weeks of pregnancy , except to avert the death of the mother . 
Still , the restructuring could create one of the most powerful alliances between advertising and media-buying firms that Europe has seen . 
Thomas H. Johnson , president of the Coatedboard division of Mead Corp. , was named president of Manville Forest Products Corp. , a Manville unit , and senior vice president of Manville Corp . 
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said . 
But whatever their advice about timing , none of these experts recommend jettisoning stocks entirely during a recession . 
`` A package of credit support was put together -- including the assets of Steve and his firm . '' 
Mr. Finkelstein is apparently referring to B. Altman and Bonwit Teller , two New York retailers that have recently filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , as well as the retail chains owned by financially troubled Campeau Corp . 
William J. Montgoris , chief financial officer , defended the lofty salaries at Bear Stearns . 
There is no way to get an ambulance in quickly to move him to a hospital . 
Dun & Bradstreet 's stock price began its recent spiral downward last Wednesday , when the company reported third-quarter results . 
But it was Frank Lloyd Wright who said , `` Is this not Anti-Christ ? 
Mr. Stoll was scanning the heavens at the Keck observatory of the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in 1986 when his grant ran low and he was asked to switch to helping run the lab 's computers . 
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named . 
The Serious Fraud Office , a division of London 's Metropolitan Police responsible for investigating financial crimes , said its work would take in `` allegations of fraud prior to , surrounding and subsequent to the merger . '' 
The Examiner and the San Francisco Chronicle were able to publish despite Tuesday 's quake , which occurred close to deadline for many newspapers . 
London 's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index finished 19.2 points higher at 2189.3 . 
This measure had dropped sharply in August . 
In the additional time they provide even more order imbalances might pile up , as would-be sellers finally get their broker on the phone . 
Trading was suspended in WCRS Group , a U.K. advertising concern , pending an announcement that it is buying the remaining 50 % of France 's Carat Holding for 2.02 billion French francs ( $ 318.7 million ) and expanding commercial and equity ties with advertising group Eurocom . 
Finding him became an obsession for Mr. Stoll . 
Some analysts remain bullish and point out that the dollar continues to be well bid despite key rate increases in Europe and Japan , several weeks of aggressive dollar sales by the world central banks -- some traders estimate that the barrage of sales topped $ 12 billion -- and a 190-point plunge on the New York Stock Exchange . 
A labor chief speaks sardonically of having to `` man and woman '' Election Day phones . 
Opponents say Mr. Thornburgh 's plan will needlessly break up longtime , tightly knit crime-fighting units that have successfully prosecuted major organized-crime figures . 
That 's based on a multiple of anywhere between 8.5 to 10 times UAL earnings , which are estimated to come in somewhere around $ 16 a share this year . 
Welcome to the 28th Tokyo Motor Show . 
LIN 's suitor , McCaw Cellular Communications , dropped 1 to 40 on almost 350,000 shares . 
A third-quarter charge of $ 3.5 million related to planned restaurant closings resulted in a net loss for the quarter . 
HEXCEL Corp. , Dublin , manufacturer of engineered parts , annual sales of $ 399 million , NYSE , had little damage beyond some phone trouble . 
Profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items increased 22 % to # 92.6 million from # 75.6 million a year earlier , while fully diluted earnings per share rose to 29.90 pence ( 47 cents ) from 24.68 pence ( 39 cents ) . 
The Camden County congressman still carries himself with a trademark `` I'm-coming-down-your-throat '' intensity , but at a pause in Newark 's Columbus Day parade recently , he was dancing with his wife in the middle of the avenue in the city 's old Italian-American ward . 
Their machine tools are even bolted to the shop floor . 
On the Chicago Board of Trade , soybeans for November delivery closed at $ 5.63 a bushel , down half a cent , while the December wheat contract rose three-quarters of a cent to $ 4.0775 a bushel . 
International Business Machines Corp. made news this summer when it landed an unusual contract to manage all of Eastman Kodak Co. 's data-processing needs . 
According to Teikoku Data Bank Ltd. , which tracks company earnings , Aichi 's revenue rose 15 % to 49.3 billion yen ( $ 348.4 million ) in the year ended February . 
The earnings-per-share figures reflect a 25 % stock dividend in June 1989 . 
Vanguard Group said it had a more than $ 50 million net inflow into its stock funds last week . 
Steve Jobs took a step back from the frontier of personal-computer technology in an effort to spur sales of Next Inc. 's new machine . 
The offering , Series 1989-3 , is by a company established by First Boston for issuing Remics and other derivative mortgage securities . 
State Farm said about 25 % of its policyholders in California have also purchased earthquake insurance . 
The team was composed of representatives from engineering , manufacturing , corporate estimating , flight test , material , quality control , and other departments . 
The idea behind the Egg King is pretty simple : put the eggs into a cylinder that contains perforated baskets , spin them at a high speed to break the shells and strain the edible part through the baskets . 
Employees have n't yet been notified . 
The operator of fast-food restaurants , whose shares began trading last Friday , climbed 3 1\/8 to 23 on 944,000 shares . 
The No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.22 , down 0.17 point , to yield 5.41 % . 
The company said it was `` concerned about the announced intent to acquire control of the company '' by a Sugarman-led group . 
Teijin was up 15 at 936 , and Kyowa Hakko gained 30 to 1,770 . 
That task is one of Washington 's perennial problems . 
Gasoline margins may rebound this quarter , some industry officials say , but they believe chemical margins could worsen . 
USAir and Mr. Buffett wo n't talk about Mr. Steinhardt at all . 
Thus , options traders Friday were stuck with losses that also were several times larger than those suffered by many stock traders in New York . 
But that does n't necessarily mean thrifts are discriminating against blacks , the agency said . 
Rochester Telephone Corp. said it completed its purchase of Urban Telephone Corp. , of Clintonville , Wis. , the second-largest unaffiliated independent telephone company in that state . 
In a rare package sale of its real estate , K mart Corp. , Troy , Mich. , has sold 17 of its strip shopping centers to a limited partnership led by New York developer Philip Pilevsky , according to sources familiar with the transaction . 
Mr. Kossuth was vice president and director , corporate finance , of Nesbitt Thomson Deacon Inc. , a Toronto investment dealer . 
They do indeed want their own nation . 
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke . 
Mr. Nowak said he attaches particular importance to the proposed sale because it suggests that the company is willing to sell oil and gas assets that are n't part of its major strategic strengths . 
They do n't like the risks they are forced to assume when prices swing so drastically . 
At the last minute , however , Pakistani officials sent in Gulbuddin Hekhmatyar , perhaps the most hated and feared of the extremists , with a demand that the surrender be made to his forces . 
Machine tool shipments last month were $ 281.2 million , a 24 % rise from a year earlier and a 25 % increase from August . 
Britain 's economic fundamentals , he said , `` do n't look very bright . '' 
Shearson Lehman , however , executes program trades for clients . 
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount . 
Which types of stocks are most likely to qualify ? 
White House spokesmen last week said Mr. Bush is considering simply declaring that the Constitution gives him the power , exercising a line-item veto and inviting a court challenge to decide whether he has the right . 
Rather , they tend to have a set of two or three favorites . 
Skopbank ( Finland ) -- 10 billion yen of 5 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 20 , 1992 , priced at 101 3\/8 to yield 5 3\/4 % less full fees , via IBJ International . 
Meanwhile , Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , the two lead lenders on the UAL buy-out , met with other banks yesterday to determine if they would be willing to finance the buy-out at a lower price . 
Mr. Stone thought the discipline was unfair ; he believed that his manager wanted to get rid of him for personal reasons . 
Hiroshima 's waterworks bureau said the municipal government had budgeted about 11 million yen ( $ 77,500 ) for the project . 
And when you 're making a movie this big , you need all the help you can get , '' Mr. De Palma adds . 
He says he has quit the business and is back in school , majoring in psychology with aspirations to go into industrial psychology . ) 
The counter-argument , which he has heard , is that if he and his fellow Democrats are successful in killing the president 's proposal , the revenue gap will open up tremendously in 1990 because of the weakened economy . 
The newspaper also ran a series of controversial short stories by Nguyen Huy Thiep , a former history teacher , who stirred debate over his interpretation of Vietnamese culture and took a thinly veiled swipe at writers who had blocked his entry into their official association . 
Consolidated , which had 1988 revenue of $ 400 million , makes aluminum sheet and foil products at its Hannibal , Ohio , and Jackson , Tenn. , rolling mills and recycles aluminum at a plant in Bens Run , W.Va . 
Fresenius , a West German pharmaceutical concern , has been discussing a transaction in which it would buy Delmed stock for cash to bring its beneficial ownership to between 70 % and 80 % . 
The canceled Shanghai loan leaves Asia Development , a small concern , saddled with a half-completed 32-story apartment building and heavy debts . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Parsow and Elkhorn , which together hold 8.685 % of CACI 's common shares , said they think it is in the best interest of CACI stockholders that the company be sold . 
The TVA bonds also `` served to remind the market that there will be even more new supply , '' said Lawrence N. Leuzzi , a managing director at S.G. Warburg Securities & Co . 
For Mr. Jones , losing his quarterback temporarily was just the latest in a string of setbacks that has beset the Dallas Cowboys -- and , this year , much of the National Football League . 
Employers Casualty , which reported a $ 53.9 million third-quarter loss late Friday , fell 2 1\/4 to 13 3\/4 . 
South Carolina 's congressional delegation has entered Senate and House bills to provide special casualty-loss treatment and other tax relief for timber growers in the hurricane disaster areas . 
Sales for the Deerfield , Ill. , company rose 5.8 % to $ 1.81 billion from $ 1.71 billion . 
The picocassette recorder also helped transform the company 's reputation from follower to leading-edge innovator . 
Banc One said `` it is contemplated '' that John B. McCoy , chairman and chief executive officer , will assume the additional position of president upon Mr. McKinney 's retirement . 
It also will hand Unilab new markets . 
Amoco also sharply boosted natural-gas output , part of it from properties acquired from Tenneco Inc. last year . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered its rating on about $ 400 million of this bank holding company 's senior debt to B2 from Ba3 . 
The nation 's savings rate was unchanged in September at 4.9 % of after-tax income , far below the 5.6 % it reached in July . 
Just when Ms. Gruberova sat down away from her guests to cough in private , her salon began sliding around the stage ; her country hideaway also has a very active set of drapes . 
Assets soared $ 4.5 billion in the previous week . 
Another agency issue came to market yesterday . 
When , however , Claudio 's sister , Isabella , a novitiate in a convent , goes to Angelo to plead her brother 's case , the obdurate ruler immediately falls in love with her and , in a supreme act of hypocrisy , demands that Isabella yield up her virtue to him in exchange for her brother 's life . 
Merieux , a vaccine manufacturer based in Lyon , France , is 51%-held by French state-owned Rhone-Poulenc S.A . 
In addition , he noted , the issue would normally be the type purchased by property and casualty insurers , but recent disasters , such as Hurricane Hugo and the Northern California earthquake , have stretched insurers ' resources and damped their demand for bonds . 
None of the problems is necessarily fatal , and they are n't all necessarily even related . 
Rep. Bill McCollum ( R. , Fla. ) reports that these included 20,000 to 30,000 Soviet Central Asian KGB Border Guards , ethnically indistinguishable from Afghans and wearing unmarked uniforms . 
If mutation and natural selection slowly but surely give rise to more and more advanced forms of life , then it was only a matter of eons before splendid beings endowed with reason , self-awareness and taste shimmered onto the scene . 
Humana Inc. , Louisville , Ky. , also reported favorable results , with net income of $ 66.7 million , or 66 cents , in the fourth quarter ended Aug. 31 , up from $ 58.2 million , or 59 cents , a year earlier . 
Goya is selling Leche Fresca in nearly 500 grocery stores and bodegas in New York and parts of New Jersey . 
Ms. Garratt was the subject of a Wall Street Journal article in March . 
Mail-order ministers have been squelched . 
It is expected that the current surge in demand for new power will be filled primarily by independent producers which , unlike utilities , are n't regulated and therefore do n't need government approval to construct new plants . 
The other , called the Solo , is battery operated and is the first high-performance radar detector that does n't need a power cord , the company said . 
Closely held Automax has annual sales of about $ 10 million . 
Some loyal voices , in and out of the East German Communist party , saw the nation 's unrest coming . 
Soybeans averaged $ 5.28 a bushel , down 42 cents from September ; corn averaged $ 2.20 , down seven cents , and sorghum grain averaged $ 3.61 for each hundred pounds , down 19 cents , according to the department . 
Richard Firestone , chief of the FCC 's common-carrier bureau , said he expected the agency to propose new rules next year . 
In fact , we have agents assigned full time to assist the MPD in drug-related crimes such as homicide and other crimes of violence . 
`` You gave them some excitement that they did n't have in their lives . '' 
Warner executives also filed new sworn affidavits denying claims by Messrs. Guber and Peters that the two sides had an oral agreement that enabled the producers to terminate their contract with Warner should the opportunity to run a major studio come up . 
But not because resources are going to their most efficient use , leaving scarce goods `` allocated to those buyers who place the highest value on them . '' 
Meanwhile , Prudential , the nation 's largest insurer and the biggest investor in junk bonds , has seen the value of its junk bond portfolio drop to $ 6.5 billion from $ 7 billion since August because of falling junk prices . 
HomeFed had been one of the handful of large West Coast thrifts that in recent quarters had counteracted interest-rate problems dogging the industry by keeping a lid on problem assets and lending heavily into the furious California housing market . 
`` Adverse pressure on gross margins ... has subsided , '' Mr. Sculley said . 
Revenue rose 6.4 % to $ 415.3 million from $ 390.5 million . 
If sales do n't pick up , the cuts will go deeper and incentives will sprout again . 
Forest-products issues showing strength included Champion International , which went up 1 3\/8 to 31 7\/8 ; Weyerhaeuser , up 3\/4 to 27 1\/4 ; Louisiana-Pacific , up 1 1\/8 to 40 3\/8 , and Boise Cascade , up 5\/8 to 42 . 
Goldman Sachs placed the stock back on its list of recommended issues , raised its 1990 earnings estimate and recommended that its clients shift funds from Kellogg to General Mills . 
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place . 
The new dividend rate is payable Nov. 15 to holders of record Oct. 31 . 
But before Athena was able to get an exclusive license to the technology , the Federal Register published most of the details , `` giving all of the company 's potential competitors a chance to exploit it , '' Mr. Bock says . 
The next most active top-tier stock was B.A.T Industries , the target of Sir James Goldsmith 's # 13.4 billion bid . 
He earlier denied the allegations against him in the lawsuit by Norton and GE . 
Finally , the case of Dr. Morgan gave Congress an opportunity to act with unaccustomed decisiveness and to engage in one of its favorite pastimes -- bashing the District of Columbia government . 
Both Philip Morris and Backer Spielvogel declined to comment . 
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism . 
He said Jaguar `` should n't be smothered by anyone else , '' recalled one participant . 
These campaign problems have echoed difficulties Mr. Dinkins has run into before . 
Kawasaki Steel Corp. bought a Soviet steel-casting patent two years ago and has jointly developed the system with the Soviets . 
New customers , the source of higher commissions for salespeople and the key to Wang 's long-term viability , are even tougher . 
International copyright secured . 
Business lines increased 3.7 % to 3.3 million . 
Senior ministry officials huddled with creditors during the week in an attempt to agree on some form of restructuring that would keep Waertsilae Marine operating . 
At the same time , steelmakers are trying to invest more to modernize technology and make themselves more competitive . 
Soon after that report , two other research teams uncovered evidence that the same damaged p53 gene is present in tissue from lung and breast cancers . 
When the economy stumbled in the mid-1970s , Akzo NV fell out of bed . 
`` Everything is going through firehoops right now , and { Chicago & North Western } is no exception , '' said Mariel Clemensen , vice president , high-yield research , at Citicorp . 
VALLEY National Corp. -- 
Moreover , much investment is n't aimed at increasing capacity . 
More recently , property rates have increased . 
An AP-Dow Jones survey of integrated oil companies , independent refiners , and oil industry consultants indicates that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries increased its production to 22.2 million barrels a day in September . 
The judge ordered that a hearing be held Nov. 17 to determine how much the city should pay Mr. Hoelzer for his services . 
Those hearings also highlighted how Gen. Noriega was able to use his relationships with these agencies to delay U.S. action against him , and to exploit the administration 's obsession with overthrowing the Sandinistas to protect his own drug-dealing . 
The average maturity of the funds tracked by IBC\/Donoghue 's remained at 38 days for the third consecutive week . 
The U.S. discovered the young Tony Noriega in late 1959 , when he was in his second year at the Chorrillos Military Academy in Lima , according to former U.S. intelligence officials . 
Mikhail Gorbachev , he said , is ahead of China 's leaders in his awareness of the world . 
I just do n't understand it . 
But no one could disagree that Ken Burns has made a fascinating film about this famous American painter . 
Until then , they expect the cost of integrating the two carriers to continue crimping profits . 
But the EC is strongly opposed to converting agricultural supports into tariffs . 
It also allows people to buy the best and the cheapest goods from anywhere in the world . 
Viacom said it also restructured bank debt under a $ 1.5 billion unsecured bank agreement that offers significant interest rate savings . 
But bond investors continue to keep a close watch on the jittery stock market . 
LIVESTOCK AND MEATS : 
City and County of Honolulu , Hawaii -- $ 75 million of obligation bonds , 1989 Series B , due 1993-2009 , via competitive bid . 
B.F. Goodrich Co. said third-quarter profits dropped 34 % because of lower prices for polyvinyl chloride materials , the company 's largest product group . 
The naczelnik stands , too . 
The three offerings together bring Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 32.4 billion and its total Remic volume to $ 44.5 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
Shearson , with its in-house order execution system , has handled the bulk of such program trades in the over-the-counter market . 
He said IBM has not only hurt its short-term revenue outlook but has also been losing money on its leases . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
The 150,000-square-foot plant will be constructed on a 55-acre site near Dublin . 
It made the estimates based on data collected from more than a dozen big junk funds . 
`` I 've got 70 kinds of apples . 
He adds that the company is trying to keep up with demand `` by overworking '' its employees . 
The Santa Fe Pacific spokesman declined to comment on that aspect , saying the deal was still under negotiation . 
Columbia officials also said the thrift should n't face problems meeting regulatory capital requirements , despite the large reserves and write-downs and stiffer regulatory requirements that should be in place by year 's end . 
Since then , Moon 's organization has inaugurated a pair of high-quality glossy opinion magazines , The World and I and Insight , which are a further drain . 
`` In the past , you just wore Fruit of the Loom and did n't care , '' says Peter Kim , U.S. director of consumer behavior research for the J. Walter Thompson ad agency . 
My wife and I will stay through the skiing season , or until the money runs out -- whichever comes first . 
C. Hyde Tucker will become president and chief executive officer of Bell Atlantic International Inc. , a unit of this telecommunications concern , effective Jan. 1 . 
Citizens , based in Atlanta , said it has about $ 4.6 billion in factored sales annually ; the Security Pacific unit has about $ 1.8 billion annually . 
-- `` The coaches should have a more personal and sympathetic attitude toward the athletes -- not treat us like pieces of meat . 
European Investment Bank ( agency ) -- 200 billion lire of 12 % bonds due Nov. 16 , 1995 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 12 % less full fees , via lead manager Banco Commercial Italiana . 
Warner executives blame Mr. Guber 's and Mr. Peters 's lack of involvement in `` Caddyshack II '' for casting and production problems and the film 's ultimate dismal failure . 
The Roper Organization , which conducted the survey , said almost half of the exercise equipment owners found it duller than they expected . 
They set up absurd situations , detached from reality , and then try to reason from them . 
Goya Concocts a Milk For Hispanic Tastes 
The ministry has never even suggested that Japanese banks be cautious about leveraged buy-outs in general , Mr. Utsumi said . 
Net income includes an extraordinary gain of about $ 100,000 from the reversal of bad debt and interest income . 
The company has no immediate plans to close any operations , she said , but Quotron may subcontract some work that it has been doing in-house , including refurbishment and production of Quotron 1000 equipment used in delivering financial data . 
Mercury 's stock closed yesterday at $ 4.875 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
`` It was whooosh ! '' said one futures trader . 
In September , it announced plans to acquire the tropical-fruit business of RJR Nabisco Inc. 's Del Monte foods unit for # 557 million ( $ 878 million ) . 
The firm 's new head of mergers and acquisitions under Mr. Newquist , B.J. Megargel , talks of the opportunity to `` rebuild a franchise '' at Kidder . 
The ads featured fences , rocks and pussy-willow buds -- almost anything but the cars themselves . 
To promote Jack Daniel 's overseas , Brown-Forman uses the same photos of front porches from Lynchburg , Va. , and avuncular old men in overalls and hightops . 
OPPENHEIMER CAPITAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP increased the quarterly distribution to 40 cents a limited partnership unit from 36.25 cents . 
Mr. Spielvogel said he hopes Mr. Achenbaum will do some strategic consulting at the agency for `` non-clients , in hopes that they become clients . '' 
Royal Insurance was the sector 's hottest issue , ending 15 higher at 465 . 
But advancing issues on the Big Board were ahead of decliners 784 to 700 . 
Nine-month net climbed 19 % to $ 174.8 million , or $ 2.21 a primary share , from $ 147.5 million , or $ 1.94 a share . 
Aussedat Rey S.A. , a French paper producer , said it concluded an agreement with Japan 's Fuji Photo Film Co. that will allow Aussedat Rey to manufacture and sell thermal paper using Fuji technology . 
George Douglas , first vice president at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , says that individuals have a particular edge now in `` small to medium-size niche companies with exciting earnings prospects '' -- a traditional stomping ground for small investors . 
The Milwaukee toy retailer said the agreement calls for Everything 's a Dollar holders to receive for their holdings a total of 354,600 newly issued Wisconsin Toy shares . 
Says New York-based short seller Mark Cohodes , `` In my mind this is a $ 7 stock . '' 
The value of the company has changed . '' 
That 's right , money market mutual funds . 
The Hildebrandt course enables students to brush up on negotiation skills by role playing in simulated deals . 
The balance of the company 's assets and liabilities would be transferred to a new company that would be owned by Sharon 's creditors . 
From then on , the Dow industrials held at a loss of 40 to 50 points . 
`` What a good feeling it would be for me to do that , '' he says he thought . 
On a number of occasions , he adds , he tried to get Warner to buy Guber Peters outright . 
Norman L. Owens Tempe , Ariz . 
Many investors have nagging worries , however . 
One dealer , Martin Zimet of French & Co. in New York , says he `` would have loved to buy '' a Jan Davids de Heem painting from the bank . 
The dispute started when China , angry that Hong Kong had allowed dissident swimmer Yang Yang to flee to the U.S. , halted the usual daily transfer of illegal immigrants caught in this British colony , which reverts to Beijing 's control in 1997 . 
The telephone network simply could n't handle the large number of people seeking to make a call at the same time . 
Instead , Chrysler officials in late May slapped $ 1,000 cash rebates on the vehicles , including the first such incentives on the popular four-door Cherokee since Chrysler bought Jeep in 1987 . 
Bankers Trust `` has had the capacity to do this for some time , '' the analyst said . 
And today , many of their children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren remain on welfare . 
1:11 a.m. 
Politics and economics conspired . 
`` What we want to do is take a more aggressive stance . 
It also tracks personnel and financial announcements by NEC 's distributors and customers . 
`` We 've demonstrated that you can . '' 
By comparison , the Dow Jones Industrials and the New York Stock Exchange Composite each rose 1.5 % . 
That 's a big number . 
Ferro also said it would cancel the unused portion of a 1987 buy-back plan for administrative reasons . 
You have to beat everyone around the world , '' says Mr. Dennis . 
LUTHER BURBANK CROSS-BRED PLANTS to produce the billion-dollar Idaho potato . 
Lynch Corp. said its Lynch Telephone Corp. subsidiary completed the acquisition of Western New Mexico Telephone Co. for $ 20 million plus assumption of $ 24 million of debt . 
Maybe -- if every senator shared the principles of Mr. Boren . 
`` We need to have somebody worried so they do n't do this again . '' 
Ad Notes ... . 
Now the assault is on , '' said one top trader . 
`` In the U.S. , there are still people who want to crush China and interfere in our internal affairs , '' Zhu Qizhen , China 's new ambassador to the U.S. , said as he left for Washington last week . 
Leucadia , New York , estimated it had a pre-tax gain on the transaction of $ 57 million , including its part of Brae 's gain . 
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward-rate agreements that failed to envision an interest-rate environment where short-term rates were equal to or higher than long-term rates . 
Congress seems likely to let the new chairman have his way for a while . 
When they determined that GM needed parts more quickly , Armco convinced a steel service center to build a processing plant nearby so shipments could be delivered within 15 minutes . 
Funds that invest internationally were the top-performing stock and fixed-income funds . 
The Bush administration has at its disposal $ 273 million in funds remaining from the $ 1.1 billion Congress released for the cleanup after Hurricane Hugo . 
Vista Chemical rose 1 3\/8 to 38 5\/8 after Bear Stearns added the stock to the firm 's buy list , citing recent price weakness . 
At the very least , it would appear that Sis is a poor judge of masculine charm . 
The purchase includes a coffee-roasting plant in Omaha , Neb. , and a leased facility in Houston . 
The year-earlier figures included $ 9.9 million , or three cents a share , in income from discontinued operations . 
A Paramount spokesman says that decision was based on the financial , not political , drawbacks of junk bonds . 
The high court majority said it was up to the state courts for now to decide whether the definition has any bearing on other state laws . 
In the year-ago period , Goodyear had net of $ 63.5 million , or $ 1.11 a share . 
a - reflects 2-for-1 stock split effective Dec. 30 , 1988 . 
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions . 
Bethlehem Steel Corp. has agreed in principle to form a joint venture with the world 's second-largest steelmaker , Usinor-Sacilor of France , to modernize a portion of Bethlehem 's ailing BethForge division . 
That 's higher than some other estimates . 
It is shown weekdays on two of the country 's five networks . 
A man said he saw the upper rim undulate . 
Canada was the second most pro-NATO country with 78 % supporting the alliance , followed by the U.S. with 75 % , Britain with 71 % , Belgium with 69 % and West Germany with 63 % . 
`` I think it would be irresponsible and I am not about to be blackmailed by Japanese banks or any other international interests . '' 
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order-processing services . 
When traders see the Fed is in the exchange market it may make them tread a little carefully , for fear of what the central bank may do . 
Mr. Keating arranged nearly $ 1 million in donations to Sen. Cranston and his various political causes , and hundreds of thousands more to other lawmakers . 
The combined company would have had 1988 sales of $ 13.1 billion . 
The company 's chemicals interests include , among other things , petroleum additives , pharmaceuticals ingredients and polysilicon used by the semiconductor industry . 
In the case of Peter and Jon , the ink has been very , very black . '' 
Lee Seidman of Cleveland says Infiniti `` was a bear on interiors '' but at least let him retrofit an existing building -- without the stream . 
Barely visible on Hong Kong 's property scene in 1985 , by last year Japan had become the top foreign investor , spending $ 602 million . 
For the Alley production , scene designer Peter David Gould has arranged a stark but extremely effective set featuring a rectangular platform of white-washed boards that extends into the audience . 
`` Let me say there is a symbolic component to this trip , '' Secretary of State James Baker told reporters Wednesday . 
The owner of the company , Stephen Smith , who has since pleaded guilty to state and federal fraud charges , confided to investors that he had a secret agreement with Amoco Oil Co. and said the location of his wells was confidential , according to a civil suit filed in a Florida state court by the Florida comptroller 's office . 
For example , Mr. Arbel says , stocks of small companies are selling for about 19 times cash flow . 
Guarantee by Industrial Bank of Japan . 
It now is quietly circulating among creditors a preliminary plan to restructure debt . 
Nissan 's risk is that its low-base-price strategy might get lost amid the highly publicized rebates being offered by Detroit 's Big Three . 
During the same period , the company has sold about 1.6 billion guilders of assets . 
It 's reassuring , and it usually works . '' 
Later , the government reclassified several basic petrochemicals as secondary products . 
Robertson , Stephens & Co. , a San Francisco investment banking concern , has a client that looked forward to making its initial public offering yesterday . 
Mr. Bartlett managed to more or less maintain Moliere 's Alexandrine verse form , 12 syllable lines in rhyming couplets . 
The beneficiaries were those financiers whose icon was the topic figure of '80s capitalism , Michael Milken 's $ 517 million salary in one year . 
The Philippine merchandise trade deficit widened to $ 1.71 billion during the first eight months of 1989 from $ 807 million a year earlier . 
People in Glass houses tend to look stoned . 
`` It 's a whole new generation , '' he said . 
`` Lloyd 's has lost control of the situation , '' he says . 
The tougher new regulations under the savings-and-loan bailout law are accelerating the thrift industry 's shrinking act . 
North Carolinians , New Yorkers , Californians , Chicagoans and Ohioans own Texas banks . 
Renaissance 's last portfolio shift , carried out by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , was a highly publicized decision last January to sell its entire stock portfolio and buy Treasury bills . 
Shearson , meanwhile , posted net income of $ 106 million for the first nine months of the year , down slightly from $ 110 million for the year-ago period . 
With Mr. Vila as host , `` This Old House '' became one of the Public Broadcasting Service 's top 10 programs , airing weekly on about 300 of the network 's stations and seen by an average of 12 million viewers . 
`` The whole idea here is the automobile and oil companies have joint customers , '' said Keith McHenry , a senior vice president of technology at Amoco Corp . 
Veiling his message has helped him endure . 
If they finish today , the Sharpshooter can pump tomorrow . 
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion . 
He 's the kind of guy who rescues trampled flags . 
The Bloomfield Hills , Mich.-based real-estate holding company said it will offer the rights at $ 8.75 a share to shareholders of record on Oct. 26 . 
The company 's shares closed yesterday at $ 4.25 , off 25 cents , in national over-the-counter trading . 
Then , he asked Mr. Pilson to raise his offer anyway : `` If we can have a number that starts with a three , you can have a dea . '' 
The buyer was GE Capital Railcar Services , Chicago , a major owner of railway equipment and part of the GE Capital operations . 
Within six years many figures were convicted for their illegal abuse of Franklin funds . 
Newport said Mr. Hollander is asking shareholders to retain only one director , James R. Lees , a Newport vice president . 
Field offices at New Orleans ; Houston ; Denver ; Midland , Tex. ; Bakersfield , Calif. ; Oklahoma City ; and Liberal , Kan. , will be maintained . 
The law is meant to overcome delays caused by defendants ' use of foreign procedures to block U.S. requests for records , Judge Keenan said in his opinion . 
The group has forecast 1989 revenue of 56.9 billion francs . 
The new accusations come at a delicate time in U.S. efforts to bring about talks between Israel and Palestinian representatives . 
A number of agencies , including Thompson and Foote , Cone & Belding , said some employees who live outside of San Francisco , fearful that they would n't be able to get home , spent the night at the agency . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained nearly half a point , or about $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
But sponsors might not pick the stocks that will match the market . 
One analyst , who asked not to be identified , said he believes that the UAL pilots and management can put together a bid `` in the $ 225 area , '' but that it could take three to four months to close . 
Mr. Ireland said current demand for used aircraft is strong , partly because surging orders for new aircraft have lengthened waiting lists . 
This wo n't happen until strategists come down from their ivory tower and learn to work in the real world of limited budgets and uncertain futures . 
But the club still insists that public lands ought to be closed to the bikes unless studies indicate the bikes wo n't injure the environment or other users . 
Still , today 's highest-yielding money funds may beat CDs over the next year even if rates fall , says Guy Witman , an editor of the Bond Market Advisor newsletter in Atlanta . 
Outside the white-walled headquarters of the socalled Society of Orange Workers , all seems normal in South Africa 's abnormal society . 
Kwek Hong Png , chairman of CDL , and director Quek Leng Chye were arrested by the republic 's Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau Tuesday night . 
The frenetic stock and bond markets cooled off , but the dollar slumped . 
Most of those markets had rebounded the day before from Monday 's slide . 
2 . In seeking approval of a TRO , the prosecutor must articulate any anticipated impact that forfeiture and the TRO would have on innocent third parties , balanced against the government 's need to preserve the assets . 
Here , then , is where the Orange Workers have come to make apartheid 's last stand . 
American Express Bank earnings fell 50 % to $ 21.3 million from $ 42.5 million despite a 29 % revenue gain . 
NBC Productions or NBC News could supply the network with other Saturday morning shows , a move that would control costs . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
Honecker 's departure came after weeks of street protests and an exodus to the West of East Germans who had become disenchanted with his rule . 
The United Kingdom reports came from Dr. Patrick Toseland , head of clinical chemistry at Guy 's Hospital in London . 
The issue arose last week when Vice President Dan Quayle told an audience in Chicago that Mr. Bush was looking for a test case . 
`` When I saw the Lexus sales projections , I got worried , '' confesses Takashi Oka , who led the Infiniti development team . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Friday , gold was at about $ 366.85 an ounce . 
But Mr. Powers has purchased asset-backed issues for individuals with tax-deferred accounts , such as retirement plans . 
Late Friday , the company reported a loss of $ 51.3 million for the third quarter after earning $ 9.2 million a year before . 
The talks in New York are the first since Bush and Soviet Foreign Minister Shevardnadze unveiled proposals in September to scrap existing weapons . 
The Federal Reserve Board said it is delaying approval of First Union Corp. 's proposed $ 849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks of Florida Inc. , pending the outcome of an examination into First Union 's lending practices in low-income neighborhoods . 
A poll conducted in 12 of 16 NATO countries shows that the Dutch appear to be the strongest supporters of the alliance . 
National Patent Development Corp. said it plans to purchase as many as 200,000 common shares of its 81%-controlled Interferon Sciences Inc. unit in periodic , open-market purchases . 
The move , which injects capital into the system , is seen as an effort to reassure the finanicial markets that the U.S. central bank is ready to provide the ample liquidity . 
Such fervor for cycling helped Mr. Sinyard build a creative company at the forefront of its industry . 
They add that the Fed has allowed the key federal funds interest rate to dip to about 8 5\/8 % from its levels of just below 9 % last week . 
At Nissan , `` we felt we wanted to do something to help them gather money , and we had this airtime on Monday Night Football , '' explains Brooke Mitzel , a Nissan advertising creative manager . 
Foiled in their effort to get a national ban , the egg producers turned their attention to the states . 
Analysts hailed the sweetened pension package , which they said had been the subject of rumors for several months . 
Shearson was sued by money manager George Soros , who claimed one of his funds was defrauded out of $ 60 million during stock-index futures trading just after the 1987 crash . 
FirstSouth 's former chairman and chief executive officer , Howard Weichern , is also charged with conspiring to conceal the agreements with Messrs. Watson and Taylor . 
National Market System volume improved to 94,425,000 shares from 71.7 million Monday . 
One recruiter working with Mr. Meyer was so generous with $ 10 and $ 20 bills that prospects sang `` Here Comes Santa Claus '' when he approached . 
COPPER : 
The firm 's brokerage force has been trimmed and its mergers-and-acquisitions staff increased to a record 55 people . 
In addition , the 1988 results included a $ 20 million charge reflecting a reserve for relocation related expenses at American Television & Communications Corp . 
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . '' 
Numerous injuries were reported . 
These groups have been trying to improve the mountain biker 's image ; in the San Francisco-area park district where a ranger was clobbered by a cyclist this summer bikers have formed a volunteer patrol to help rangers enforce regulations , and to school riders in proper trail etiquette . 
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag . 
But even though companies are paying more taxes , many are still paying less than the statutory rate , the report said . 
Many big Wall Street brokerage firms who eliminated their research effort in stocks of emerging growth companies a few years ago are now resuming coverage of this area , he notes . 
The presence of so many people , cars and competing businesses is evidence of a healthy economy in a place where people want to live . 
In a sagging market , the Federal Reserve System `` might flood the market with funds , and that should bring interest rates down , '' says Leonard T. Anctil , vice president of the Bank of New England , Boston . 
Take Cleveland . 
And those who remain , he says `` will demand a higher return and over time raise the cost of capital to companies . '' 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery rose $ 1.30 to $ 368.70 an ounce in moderate trading . 
Indeed , at least four other West German banks are believed to be making inquiries . 
Some of the money will go to the Chico Mendes Foundation , but it is n't earmarked for groups trying to save the rain forest . ) 
He also is working with a real-estate agent to help find them an apartment to rent while their home is being built . 
The biotechnology concern said Spanish authorities must still clear the price for the treatment , but that it expects to receive such approval by year end . 
Judge Hastings , who was acquitted of similar charges by a federal jury in 1983 , claims he is being victimized and that the impeachment proceedings against him constitute double jeopardy . 
`` Dave thought the country needed a strong U.S. Steel and , while Chuck agreed , he was more apt to say , ` Not at any cost to shareholders , ' '' a former executive says . 
Any reorganization proposal , Mr. Sells said , is difficult to assess because it must be agreed upon by the company , bondholders , banks and other creditors . 
The initial $ 11 million research program will conduct the most extensive testing to date of reformulated gasolines , said Joe Colucci , head of fuels and lubricants at General Motors Corp. research laboratories . 
Merrill Lynch & Co. -- $ 200 million of 8.4 % notes due Nov. 1 , 2019 , priced at 99.771 to yield 8.457 % . 
And instead of buying the UAL stake , the U.K. carrier will be able to reduce its high debt level and build an acquisition war chest . 
The Fed 's move , however , only proved a stopgap to the pound 's slide and the Fed intervened for a second time at around $ 1.5825 , according to New York traders . 
Under current rules , that accrued interest is deductible by the company issuing the debt . 
Tom Trettien , a vice president with Banque Paribas in New York , sees a break in the dollar 's long-term upward trend , a trend that began in January 1988 . 
Japanese researchers have bred dozens of strains of Fujis to hone its color , taste and shelf life . 
Delmed Inc. 's top two officers resigned and were succeeded by executives of Fresenius USA Inc. and its parent , Fresenius AG , a major Delmed holder that has been negotiating to acquire a controlling stake . 
If the request is approved by both the House and Senate , Mr. Cheney would need only permission from the White House Office of Management and Budget to move the money , according to Senate budget analysts . 
`` More rooms are n't the answer for us , '' says Caesars World chairman Henry Gluck . 
`` He 's a genuine Wheaties-box athlete , '' gushes Mr. Jones . 
In the nine months , EDS earned $ 315.8 million , or $ 2.62 a share , up 13 % from $ 280.7 million , or $ 2.30 a share . 
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench . 
Friday 's stock market plunge claimed its second victim among the scores of futures and options trading firms here . 
Mr. Gillett is said to be proud of his operating record ; he has lifted some stations ' ratings and turned around a Detroit station . 
Janice Duclos , in addition to possessing one of the evening 's more impressive vocal instruments , brings an unsuspected comedic touch to her role of Olga , everybody 's favorite mom . 
In the year-earlier quarter , Comprehensive Care earned $ 1.6 million , or 18 cents a share . 
A `` big chunk '' of that additional spending came in the third quarter , he said . 
( Some courts release names and addresses , and researchers can drive by houses , look up credit ratings , and even question neighbors . ) 
That should happen by today , he said . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.50 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days . 
ATARI CORP. , Sunnyvale , maker of personal computers and software , annual sales of $ 700 million , Amex , had minor damage and expects to be fully operational by tomorrow . 
`` And we are looking for the most cost-effective way to clean up the air . '' 
Provigo was the most active industrial stock on the Montreal Exchange , where it closed at C$ 9.75 ( US$ 8.32 ) , up 75 Canadian cents . 
The Fort Worth , Texas , company is generally regarded as one of the best-run in the business , and its difficulties are likely to be reflected industrywide as other major carriers report third-quarter results over the next several days . 
This year , it has moved to cut costs in its newspaper division through layoffs and asset sales , while reaching joint venture and acquisition agreements in other areas . 
The IRS has been seeking more than $ 300 million in back taxes from Mr. Hunt . 
The report said that utilization management should have more of an impact as federal research on the effectiveness of medical treatments helps lead to medical practice guidelines . 
It 's like `` fire insurance , '' says Harrison Roth , the senior options strategist at Cowen & Co . 
On top of this , the traveler who converts his dollars into foreign currency before the trip starts will lose interest from the day of conversion . 
With no floor debate , the Senate on Friday voted 69-26 to convict Mr. Hastings of perjury and conspiring to accept a bribe , five votes more than needed . 
The market 's attention is especially focused on a preliminary report on the U.S. third-quarter gross national product , due out Thursday , which could show the economy is continuing to expand at a relatively brisk pace . 
Under the firm 's original bank credit agreement , it was required to raise $ 250 million of subordinated debt to be used to repay some of the bank borrowings drawn to redeem $ 526.3 million of increasing rate debentures in August . 
Per-share earnings also shrank because of dividends on a new series of preferred stock . 
The project could result in the U.S. taking more than 10 % of its natural gas supplies from Canada , up from about 5 % currently . 
For the nine months , net totaled $ 526 million , or $ 3.74 a share , up 5 % from $ 501 million , or $ 3.71 a share , a year ago . 
Speaking to reporters this week after Bank Bumiputra 's shareholders approved a rescue plan , Tan Sri Basir said heavy lending to the property sector rocked the bank when property prices in Malaysia plummeted in 1984-85 . 
A spokesman for Southern Co. would say only that discussions are continuing between Gulf Power and federal prosecutors . 
That division 's revenue rose 2.3 % to $ 472.5 million from $ 461.9 million in the year-ago period . 
In the six months since the current fiscal year began April 1 , the surplus totaled # 500 million , compared with a surplus of # 3.6 billion in the year-earlier period . 
Two Mexican college dropouts , not professional art thieves , have been arrested for a 1985 Christmas Eve burglary from the National Museum of Anthropology in Mexico City . 
A new Maryland law frees store owners of liability if a customer trips or otherwise gets hurt on the way to the restroom ... . 
South Africa negotiated a new debt agreement with its major foreign creditors for about $ 8 billion of its foreign debt outstanding , said Chris Stals , governor of the Reserve Bank and the country 's chief debt negotiator . 
What far too many people concerned about education either fail to understand or choose to ignore is that American children , on the whole , are among the most undisciplined in the world , making any attempt at improvements in the mode of education potentially unsuccessful . 
In the final trading , the House was insistent on setting aside $ 500 million to carry out base closings ordered to begin in fiscal 1990 . 
`` The New York Stock Exchange has vested interests '' in its big member securities firms `` that cloud its objectivity , '' Mr. Timbers said . 
The two big banks were instrumental in designing the new contract . 
The two banks appear to be a good fit . 
The White House said Mr. Quayle 's staff had invited the mayor to two meetings of the vice president and groups of local officials and had offered to dispatch a helicopter to pick him up . 
He will compensate with the guile learned from his years in the majors . 
Mr. Bass is based in Fort Worth . 
Rep. Hamilton said the purpose of the meetings would be to `` improve communications and perhaps coordination between the executive branch and the Fed . '' 
But analysts estimated that GM had a loss of as much as $ 300 million on domestic vehicle operations . 
This creates several problems . 
They warn that asset-backed securities are only as good as the assets and credit backing that support them -- and those are hard to evaluate . 
But as the French embody a Zen-like state of blase when it comes to athletics ( try finding a Nautilus machine in Paris ) , my fellow conventioners were having none of it . 
The White House is purposely not calling the meeting a summit so that there wo n't be any expectation of detailed negotiations or agreements . 
Robert H. Knight 's Oct. 5 editorial-page article bemoaning violence in comedy movies ( `` Hollywood , You Slay Me '' ) is interesting , but somewhat off-base . 
Malaysia 's High Court is expected to approve the plan . 
Already `` it 's hard to get people . 
A Wellcome spokesman declined to comment on the discovery of the antibody in Japan . 
A section of the Bay Bridge had collapsed , as had a part of Interstate Highway 880 in Oakland . 
He might have added an interesting historical fact : The last Series sweep , by the Cincinnati Reds , came in 1976 , which also was the first year of baseball player free agency . 
Under the law , Gramm-Rudman 's across-the-board-cuts in federal programs are supposed to be permanent . 
But yesterday , the company said this year 's profit will be lower . 
It said its real-estate operations earned a record $ 21.7 million , more than double year-earlier real estate profit of $ 9 million . 
In 1986 , India signed a $ 1.4 billion contract with AB Bofors , a unit of Nobel Industries Sweden AB , to purchase 400 artillery pieces . 
But as they hurl fireballs that smolder rather than burn , and relive old duels in the sun , it 's clear that most are there to make their fans cheer again or recapture the camaraderie of seasons past or prove to themselves and their colleagues that they still have it -- or something close to it . 
Dow , of Midland , Mich. , said its unit will begin by Thursday a tender offer of $ 12.25 a share for all PSE common shares outstanding . 
Separately , UAL stock rose $ 4 a share to $ 175 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange on reports that Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis has asked United Airlines unions if they 're interested in cooperating with Mr. Davis in a new bid for UAL . 
Roughly $ 2 billion of that debt has already been repaid from previous asset sales , and RJR expects to use another $ 2 billion from the pending , two-part sale of most of its Del Monte unit . 
Mr. Whitford drew on voluminous news media coverage of the SMU scandal , and on a university internal investigation . 
`` No one is willing to place a firm bet that the stock market wo n't take another tumultuous ride . '' 
Many modern scriptwriters seem to be incapable of writing drama , or anything else , without foul-mouthed cursing . 
Yesterday , she was still waiting at a bus stop after three hours , trying to transfer to a bus going to the financial district . 
`` The downside is very considerable , and at the moment the upside is very marginal . '' 
Atlantic Richfield 
The issue includes current interest bonds due 1991-2000 , 2009 , 2012 , 2014 and 2016 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2001-2005 . 
Net loss : $ 46.5 million ; 30 cents a share 
Today 's most widely used data-storing chips have `` volatile '' memories -- their data disappear if they are n't fed a steady diet of electricity , so they need external power supplies . 
`` My first reaction is I do n't understand why it 's taken so long . 
Fosset so far is the only member of a financial exchange to be forced to be taken over by another firm as a result of Friday 's rout . 
In the year earlier period , the New York parent of Republic National Bank had net income of $ 38.7 million , or $ 1.12 a share . 
Texaco , thinking in terms of $ 18-to-$19 oil for 1990 , may raise spending , especially for low-risk prospects , an official says . 
The move was approved at a special shareholders ' meeting yesterday . 
The company has consistently earned more than a 20 % annual return on its net worth while many companies would be happy with 15 % . 
However , he said officials conducting the study had n't been looking for signs of problems related to hypoglycemia unawareness . 
Friday , Qintex Entertainment Inc. , a 43%-owned U.S. affiliate , filed for protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code . 
If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of medical devices , color and food additives and all other non-drug products that required Food & Drug Administration approval . 
The average interest rate rose to 8.337 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.292 % at last week 's sale . 
According to William Orbe , an attorney at Grais & Richards , the escrow agents for the fund , as of Sept. 30 the fund amounted to $ 60.5 million . 
In 1980 , 18 % of federal prosecutions concluded at trial ; in 1987 , only 9 % did . 
Poachers would control the underground trade . 
In European trading it declined to $ 1.5890 and 2.9495 marks from $ 1.5940 and 2.9429 marks late Thursday . 
And now he 's busily trying to explain an arrangement in which he sold stock in Inner City Broadcasting Co. , headed by his old friend and patron , Percy Sutton , to his son , David Dinkins Jr. , for $ 58,000 . 
Bank of New England plans to sell some operations and lay off 4 % of its work force after a year of weak earnings and mounting loan problems . 
Mr. Sagan , a former publisher and real estate developer , has put together an $ 8 million financial package that includes approximately $ 4 million of tax exempt bonds issued by the State of Illinois ( the first time that a state has used its educational facilities authority to support construction of a theater ) , and approximately $ 1 million in grants from the National Endowment for the Arts , the MacArthur Foundation , and a few other deep pockets . 
In the fiscal year ended Jan. 31 , the company reported sales of $ 59.5 million and pretax profit of $ 2.9 million . 
The company also said it will adopt new accounting standards in the first quarter . 
Lawyers for the company and executives could n't be reached for comment . 
Texaco acquired Tana before it completed those sales because Tana 's properties are high quality and near other fields Texaco already owns , a company spokeswoman said . 
Electronic theft by foreign and industrial spies and disgruntled employees is costing U.S. companies billions and eroding their international competitive advantage . 
Like many of his colleagues , he did n't serve in Vietnam in the 1960s yet embraced a hawkish defense and foreign policy -- even voting against a 1984 resolution critical of the U.S. mining of Nicaraguan harbors . 
Gillette said its continued presence in South Africa `` enables it to make meaningful contributions to South African society , to the lives of its employees and to the communities in which it operates . '' 
In part , this division is dictated by economics : West Germany is a net exporter of capital while the U.S. is n't . 
Or would he interpret it as instruction to give more weight to these other objectives that the secretary represents -- low interest rates , short-run economic expansion , and stabilization of exchange rates at internationally managed levels ? 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered ratings on long-term debt of CS First Boston Inc. , the holding company of Wall Street giant First Boston Corp. , because of First Boston 's `` aggressive merchant banking risk '' in highly leveraged takeovers . 
In late August , four contract workers were injured and one Phillips employee died after an explosion at a fuel supply line near the facility 's boiler house . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index jumped 0.7 % , or 3.35 , to 463.28 . 
`` United pilots have shown on a number of occasions they are willing and able to strike , '' said an executive at Fuji Bank , one of UAL 's large lenders . 
If that money were being taxed , it could bring the government a badly needed several trillion yen . 
The Costa Mesa , Calif. , maker of computer tape drives also projected record revenue for the year of $ 181 million , up from $ 122.7 million for the previous year . 
`` It 's much bigger than we expected , '' said one German banker , who asked not to be named . 
Sir Piers Jacobs , Hong Kong 's financial secretary , says a further downward revision may be justified unless the economy stages a more convincing rally . 
Anti-nuclear activists took a less positive view . 
`` One thing that is a little unnerving is that you had three old men on the court of appeals in California coming up with a statement that Nancy Sinatra is not distinctive but that Bette Midler is . 
`` You are mad because he 's making so much money , '' say President Reagan 's defenders . 
`` What about those institutions that are supposed to be the bedrock of society , the banks and the bar association ... ? '' wrote a columnist for the Tribune-Democrat , a newspaper in nearby Johnstown , shortly after the scandal became public . 
Kevin Logan , chief economist with the Swiss Bank Corp. , said that both PPI and CPI climbed around 4 1\/2 % year-to-year in September . 
Name-dropping recently helped Mr. Houston-Montgomery crash a party Fame magazine threw for 100 of the 2,809 people mentioned in the diaries of the late Andy Warhol . 
From a helicopter a thousand feet above Oakland after the second-deadliest earthquake in U.S. history , a scene of devastation emerges : a freeway crumbled into a concrete sandwich , hoses pumping water into once-fashionable apartments , abandoned autos . 
The exclusion would apply to assets sold after Oct. 1 . 
In Tokyo Tuesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 142.32 yen , up from Monday 's Tokyo close of 142.17 yen . 
The trend has prompted Beijing to intensify efforts to curb imports . 
Its capital will also be raised to 232.4 billion lire ( $ 172.5 million ) from the current 204.3 billion lire . 
At the heart of Israel 's report is a list of a dozen incidents Jerusalem attributes to Fatah , including the use of bombs and Molotov cocktails . 
`` It increasingly appears that 1987-88 was a temporary inflation blip and not the beginning of a cyclical inflation problem , '' argued Edward Yardeni , chief economist at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. in New York . 
We would even save on freight . '' 
The Polish fund would be seeded with $ 160 million , the Hungarian fund with $ 40 million . 
Chip 's Memory Is Here Today , Here Tomorrow 
`` The ultimate form of charity is when you do n't tell anyone . '' 
For the 10-month fiscal year ended Sept. 30 , Chairman Eli Broad said he expected earnings results to approximate analysts ' estimates , which the company said have been revised upward to 80 cents a share . 
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika . 
At the very least , Mr. Ross clearly sees an opportunity to use the two men to get a pound of flesh from Sony . 
In July , 11 NFL owners , almost all of them new , blocked an effort to install Jim Finks as a replacement for retiring league commissioner Pete Rozelle . 
A cultural center has been built , shops . 
Each share of Eagle , based in Bristol , will become 0.95 share of Webster\/Eagle . 
After 75 years there may be a few things that are worth reexamining . 
Ford 's need to acquire some or all of Jaguar became more acute last week when it abandoned a four-year effort to market its German-built Merkur Scorpio sedan as a European luxury import in the U.S. . 
That means huge travel bills . 
He told reporters he had information that Mr. Fournier was preparing to buy as much as 20 % of Paribas , up from less than 5 % currently . 
For a cloture vote to stop the filibuster , Republicans must muster at least 60 votes . 
Terms were n't disclosed , but Duriron said the deal will be completed through an exchange of stock . 
Mr. Peterson took the plaintiffs ' and other investors ' money to a meeting of the bank 's directors . 
The increase in wage and benefit costs in the third quarter was greater than the 1 % rise reported for the third quarter of 1988 . 
But when they discover that markets are n't always as liquid as they supposed -- markets jump . 
In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such profoundly held humanist assumptions and such passionate commitment to moral and ethical principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art , idealism and revolution seem modest . 
The Association of Outplacement Consulting Firms says the industry 's volume has soared tenfold since 1980 , to $ 350 million a year ... . 
Last week , Mesa rejected a proposal by StatesWest to acquire it or merge . 
James Burke and Larry Evans , formerly owners of the now-defunct Barclay Gallery , and Prudence Clark , a Barclay sales representative , were charged with conducting high-pressure telephone sales in which they misrepresented cheap copies of Dali artwork as signed , limited-edition lithographs . 
Now , the threat of further restrictions adds a new dimension , bringing an upsurge in political activity by abortion-rights forces . 
Trading was moderate , with 176,100,000 shares changing hands on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Much of the excess spending will be pushed into fiscal 1991 , and in some cases is temporarily parked in slow-spending accounts in anticipation of being transferred to faster-spending areas after the budget scorekeeping is completed . 
Against this background , the new East German leader must move quickly to shore up his government 's standing . 
Such an embarrassment of riches was inconceivable to the man who discovered the Burgess Shale , one Charles Doolittle Walcott . 
In July , Viacom Inc. formed Viacom Pictures to produce 12 low-budget movies a year that will premiere on Showtime network and be distributed later in various markets , including foreign theaters . 
With a jazz-piano tape playing softly in the background , the soothing hands of Sabina Vidunas begin to work on Ms. Foster 's neck and shoulders . 
It is n't ... . 
`` The market has been overly harsh to them . '' 
The rich image of Newport Beach also helps lend the con artists ' operation an air of respectability . 
Subsequent margins set by agreement between NatWest and Merrill . 
Revenue rose 3.5 % to $ 8.47 billion from $ 8.18 billion . 
It is also likely to bolster fears that the Japanese will use their foothold in U.S. biotechnology concerns to gain certain trade and competitive advantages . 
Kurt Sanger , ABC Sports 's marketing director , says that now `` tens of thousands '' of fans call its 900 number each week to vote for the best punt return , quarterback sack , etc . 
The Poles have had it all along . 
Then , perhaps , Mr. Ovcharenko 's ideas would n't sound like so much blarney . 
`` They ought to be able to do this . '' 
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . '' 
With prices already headed lower , news of a series of explosions at a major Phillips Petroleum Co. chemical facility on the Houston Ship Channel also was bearish for prices . 
But here is where the entrepreneur made a very risky bet , and where society was maybe foolish to look the other way . 
Payments averaged nearly $ 200,000 a year from the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency and the CIA . 
Summarizing data derived from a March 1989 survey of 58,000 households , William Butz , associate director of the Census Bureau , said that `` most groups either stayed the same or improved . '' 
`` That 's OK , '' Mr. Sagan replies . 
ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS : 
The provision rate was far above BankAmerica 's actual net credit losses of $ 24 million in the third quarter , compared with $ 18 million in the second period and $ 38 million a year earlier . 
Edward J.M. Little , one of the assistant U.S. attorneys who prosecuted the case , said the Garcia trial `` is the last of the Wedtech prosecutions . '' 
At the appointed exit , the family pulled over , and Mrs. Engelken went to get her papers . 
BOTH SIDES NOW : 
Chief executives and presidents had come and gone . 
In an interview , Mr. Joseph says his dinner discussion with the Prudential executives acknowledged problems for junk . 
Columbia also added $ 227.3 million to reserves for losses on the portfolio , increasing general reserves to $ 300 million , or about 6.7 % of the total portfolio , as of Sept. 30 . 
`` He was constantly picking up new things to fill out his experience ; he is very well-balanced , '' said Takuro Isoda , chairman of Daiwa 's U.S. unit in New York . 
A spokesman for GE said that the company has been working with the FAA all along on this issue and `` will comply fully with the required inspections . '' 
Governments have become sophisticated in handling moments of panic ( a word the London Times forbade my father to use when he was reporting the Wall Street crash in 1929 ) . 
`` If you have both { labor } groups on strike , you 've got no revenue and that 's a very scary thing for a bank to be looking at . '' 
And that , naturally , exacerbates price movements . 
Nervousness that the market has n't seen the last of its recent volatility kept trading at a moderate pace , as did anticipation of a report on the economy 's third-quarter performance . 
Northgate Exploration Ltd. said it is proposing to amalgamate four of its associated companies . 
In the past , the company usually took token equity positions in power plants it supplied as a `` kicker '' to close deals . 
He moved quickly through the ranks with the help of his patron , Mr. Honecker , and emerged as the heir apparent . 
The $ 125-billion-a-year Bay area economy represents one-fourth of the economy of the nation 's most populous state and accounts for 2 % to 3 % of the nation 's total output of goods and services , according to the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy in Palo Alto . 
But supporters argue that grounding an airline is so drastic that the department would hesitate doing it . 
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves . 
Some 46 % give foreign cars higher quality ratings , down from 50 % two years ago . 
Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary pleaded guilty to two felony charges of conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion , and paid $ 500,000 in fines . 
Polly Peck International Inc. 's agreement to acquire 51 % of Sansui Electric Co. proves that foreign companies can acquire Japanese companies -- if the alternative for the Japanese company is extinction . 
To an unusual degree , the massive bill has become a vehicle for lawmakers to earmark funds for projects in home states . 
Hardly . 
He hit the lanes three years ago on the advice of his doctor . 
Why should they have to co-exist with opportunists rushing in to turn a quick profit ? 
Some are even coming up with their own novel designs . 
Storage , Louisville , Colo. , which makes data-storage devices for mainframe computers , said the huge increase in net reflects `` strong sales '' of its tape products , particularly the 4400 Automated Cartridge System , which holds a library of tape cartridges . 
Probing with the stimulators , National Institutes of Health scientists recently showed how the brain reorganizes motor-control resources after an amputation . 
Honecker , who was reported ill following gall-bladder surgery in August , said he was resigning for health reasons . 
Craig Torres and Anne Newman contributed to this article . 
Roche Holding AG , parent of the Swiss chemical and pharmaceutical group , said its group sales rose 22 % in the first nine months of the year to 7.32 billion francs ( $ 4.51 billion ) . 
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own . 
The internal transaction within the Rey empire puzzled Harpener 's small shareholders , but analysts say it makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of product inspection and temporary help . 
Among other actual and rumored targets , Woolworth rose 1 1\/4 to 60 1\/2 , Upjohn went up 1 1\/8 to 39 3\/4 , Armstrong World Industries gained 1 to 40 1\/8 and Kollmorgen rose 3\/4 to 13 7\/8 . 
In late April , when interest rates were at their recent highs , short-term CDs sold by brokers were offering yields half a percentage point or more higher than banks . 
Another lifelong complication , as Phyllis Rose makes clear in `` Jazz Cleopatra : Josephine Baker in Her Time '' ( Doubleday , 321 pages , $ 22.50 ) , was racism . 
Some of the biggest service-industry exporters -- American financial-service companies , for example -- have yet to be fully included in our export statistics . 
In an advisory letter , the department said that , starting Oct. 18 , loans could be limited to `` parties in interest , '' which generally means active workers but also includes retirees who continue as directors and 10 % shareholders . 
The latest period includes 14 months instead of 12 because Bear Stearns changed to a fiscal year ending in June instead of April . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
However , he said he planned to spend the weekend making calls to gather additional support . 
( It should be noted that these requirements are in addition to any other existing requirements , such as review by the Asset Forfeiture Office . ) : 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
The reason is simple , Mr. Wyss says : `` Interest rates almost always decline during recession . '' 
Joann S. Lublin in London contributed to this article . 
This would be the department 's first suit challenging a local zoning ordinance under 1988 amendments to the Fair Housing Act . 
Executives universally believe workers should know their employer-sponsored benefits . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Stocks also rose in London , while the Frankfurt market was mixed . 
The Treasury Department proposed that banks be required to keep detailed records of international wire transfers , which officials believe is the main vehicle used by drug traffickers to move billions of dollars in and out of the U.S. . 
But since the member countries of the International Monetary Fund agreed to the `` Guidelines to Floating '' in 1974 , such difficulties have been avoided . 
This recommendation might have encouraged a turf-hungry bureaucrat to try to expand his power , but so far Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has n't made a pitch for the job . 
The debt-rating concern cited the bank 's move into the Texas market , noting its profitability and capital adequacy measurements will be depressed relative to the bank 's past performance . 
Ford is `` in the driving seat at the moment , '' observed Bob Barber , an auto analyst at brokers James Capel & Co . 
At the start of trading last Wednesday , the average appeared to plunge more than 200 points . 
\*\* As of August 30 
The announcement coincides with the start of the Commonwealth Ministers Conference in Kuala Lumpur , where proposals for renewed sanctions against South Africa , including moves to block settling of a new debt agreement , were scheduled to be discussed . 
In addition to supporting the landmark Roe vs. Wade Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion , Mr. Bush said he opposed the constitutional ban on abortion that Mr. Reagan was promising to promote . 
GM 's Cadillac division , ignoring Detroit 's long-held maxim that safety does n't sell , is airing television commercials touting its cars ' safety features . 
Average daily trading volume : 74,351 shares 
The estimated $ 1.8 billion for the space station would be double last year 's level , and total appropriations for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration would grow 16 % to nearly $ 12.4 billion . 
The repair shops are n't united , however . 
Bush is to visit the area today , and officials in Washington estimated that emergency assistance would total at least $ 2.5 billion . 
Line-item veto . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Turner 's Class A stock closed at $ 50.50 , down 37.5 cents . 
Revenue climbed 25 % to $ 3.3 billion from $ 2.6 billion . 
United Education & Software posted a $ 250,000 bond against potential losses to the student aid commission and to taxpayers in guaranteeing any more loans for National Technical Schools students prior to the hearing . 
The transaction called for Mr. Murdoch 's News International PLC , a unit of Australia-based News Corp. , to subscribe to a rights issue by Zeta valued at 6.65 billion pesetas ( $ 57 million ) . 
On the prospect for rebuilding northern California , investors bid up cement-makers Calmat Co. , up $ 2.75 to $ 28.75 , and Lone Star Industries Inc. , up $ 1.75 to $ 29.25 . 
The Ontario Supreme Court overturned Mr. Blair 's decision . 
Mr. Tucker , 56 years old , is currently vice president and chief operating officer of Bell Atlantic 's C&P Telephone unit . 
Lawyers for shareholders , Bally and Mr. Trump all declined to talk publicly about the proposed settlement , citing a request by a federal court magistrate not to reveal details of the agreement until it is completed . 
It 's the line-item veto , a procedure that would allow the president to kill individual items in a big spending bill passed by Congress without vetoing the entire bill . 
`` We found a market niche , '' Mr. Mills boasts . 
In addition , the company 's board authorized the purchase of up to an additional one million shares . 
The largest beneficiary will be Seagram Co. , which owns about 23 % of Du Pont . 
One proposal is to introduce a new payment system for parking in Paris . 
That may be because Mr. Gargan , smarting at what he considered slurs on his membership standards made by the rival group , enrolled his dog , Beauregard , as a member of the IAFP . 
Myrtle Beach , S.C . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 282 million from $ 268.3 million . 
If there 's something ' weird and it do n't look good . 
Mercedes sold 82,348 cars in 1988 . 
To head off arguments , Infiniti offers dealers cash bonuses and low-interest construction loans . 
A year later , it was 5.7 million . 
Twelve hundred miles away , rangers at a Napa County , Calif. , state park are among the many who do n't quite share the enthusiasm . 
This week , a Baltimore Sun editorial said the Lantos subcommittee on HUD should forget about Sam Pierce 's testimony for the moment and call some other witnesses : the various congressional sponsors of the 40 pork-barrel projects . 
`` One of the hardest things to do is to buy stocks when the market is down , '' he says . 
The Japanese want us to accept their culture , but they refuse to accept the American culture . 
Mr. Oriani said the heat bursts were too large and too long to be explained by the sudden release of energy that might have slowly accumulated during the experiments ' quiescent times , as some scientists have suggested . 
`` Before the state of Wisconsin mandated that mental-health care be covered , there were only 70 mental-health clinics in the state ; now there are 400 , '' says Carolyn Miller , an NFIB lobbyist . 
Democracy can be cruel to politicians : Sometimes it forces them to make choices . 
The bank reported net income of C$ 389 million for the nine months ended July 31 . 
In other words , a little volatility never hurt . 
The bank projects Akzo will show per-share earnings of 24 guilders in 1990 , up from an estimated 22.5 guilders for this year and the 20.9 guilders reported for 1988 . 
But with world-wide opinion -- even , apparently in Moscow -- against East Germany , the country would have to turn itself into an Albania to clamp down further on refugees . 
That wo n't matter if they are held to maturity , but if , for any reason , the parents need to sell them before then , there could be a severe loss of principal . 
`` I firmly believe in angels , devils and ghosts , '' says Mr. Warren , whose business card identifies him as a `` demonologist . '' 
Sears is also stepping up its television ads and changing its message . 
A two-hour lunch break follows . 
In some companies middle managers sneak massage therapists into the office , fearful that upper-level executives wo n't approve . 
The study was done by Robert Gersony , a consultant to the U.S. State Department who has years of experience in investigating human-rights abuses on both sides of the left-right ideological divide . 
He argued that both CPI and PPI have in fact decelerated since spring . 
Why , until last spring , did the Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan sometimes take several days to correct typographical errors in its paper work for international transactions ? 
Virginia GOP lieutenant governor candidate Eddy Dalton tries to have it both ways on the abortion issue . 
In late trading , the shares were up a whopping 122 pence ( $ 1.93 ) -- a 16.3 % gain -- to a record 869 pence on very heavy volume of 9.7 million shares . 
It is currently waiving management fees , which contributes to the higher yield . 
8:01 a.m . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
However , Mr. Krenz also has a reputation for being politically savvy . 
To keep his schedule on track , he flies two personal secretaries in from Little Rock to augment his staff in Dallas . 
Mr. Lorin , a stock promoter , pleaded guilty to the stock-manipulation charges in April and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation of Mr. Laff . 
He wanted your own unbiased , virgin opinion , '' says Mr. Johnson , now managing director at Georgeson & Co. , a proxy-solicitation and investor-relations firm . 
In addition , a group of 24 industrialized countries , including the U.S. and Japan and coordinated by the European Community Commission , has promised Poland and Hungary trade advice and a line of credit equivalent to $ 1.11 billion through the European Investment Bank , while the EC plans $ 222 million in direct aid . 
The industrial average closed down 18.65 , to 2638.73 . 
In fact , Kazuo Ishiguro 's `` The Remains of the Day '' ( Knopf , 245 pages , $ 18.95 ) is both an homage to traditional English forms and a dramatic critique of them . 
`` It shows that there are buyers of high-quality assets at high prices in today 's market , '' said Robert Long , managing director and head of the high-yield research department at First Boston Corp . 
This would force out of business many of the individuals and small firms that function as floor brokers . 
The number of computers has mushroomed in recent years , with 10,000 in use , as well as 30,000 miniature models . 
A spokesman for the buy-out group was n't immediately available for comment . 
In one sense , this limits him ; unlike a writer such as Gabriel Garcia Marquez , who has a distinctive Latin voice , Mr. Mahfouz 's style offers little that can be labeled `` Egyptian . '' 
Annual inflation rose to 3.64 % in October from 3.55 % in September . 
The New Zealand brewing and retail concern did n't disclose terms . 
Some agencies simply keep bad loans on the books ; as late as 1987 , the Export-Import Bank held in its portfolio at face value loans made to Cuba in the 1950s . 
The irony in this novel is that neither man represents a `` safe '' middle-class haven : Nora 's decision is between emotional excitement and emotional security , with no firm economic base anywhere . 
The president of CBS News , David W. Burke , did n't return numerous telephone calls . 
`` If there 's a problem , Peter disappears , and all of a sudden Jon shows up . '' 
Harley-Davidson 's complaint claims that the group , led by investor Malcolm I. Glazer , violated securities laws by failing to disclose plans to purchase 15 % of the company 's shares outstanding and that when the required Hart-Scott-Rodino filing eventually was made , it did n't disclose the group 's alleged earlier violation of the so-called prior-notice requirements of the law . 
`` We call them fraud farms . '' 
c - reflects extraordinary loss of five cents a share and extraordinary gain of 14 cents a share from cumulative effect of accounting change . 
Politics also influences the government 's thinking on the anti-takeover restriction . 
The Federal Trade Commission said it authorized its staff to seek a preliminary injunction barring Imo Industries Inc. from acquiring the shares outstanding of the U.S. unit of the British company , United Scientific Holdings PLC , for $ 69 million . 
The Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund of New York City has received complaints from homosexual couples whom the airline does n't recognize as family . 
University of Michigan researchers find the companies earn more and win a bigger market share when their American employees get a voice in planning , product development and design , including decision-making back in Japan . 
That Stevens himself is not grotesque or repellent , but funny and sad and enlightening , is entirely the author 's triumph . 
DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES Inc. said it offered $ 50 million of 9 1\/2 % debentures due 2001 at par . 
In Moscow , Mr. Gorbachev sent Mr. Krenz a congratulatory telegram that appeared to urge the new leadership to heed growing calls for change . 
Final approval -- on a 64-35 roll call -- was never in doubt , but the opposition drew an unusual mix of senators , including Republicans Jesse Helms and Warren Rudman and Democrats Bill Bradley and John Glenn . 
For TCI , the investment in Showtime puts it in an unusual position ; as the largest cable operator , with control of close to 12 million of the nation 's 52 million cable subscribers , TCI is HBO 's largest customer . 
The difference is that current holders would n't retain majority ownership or control . 
Under Chapter 7 , the assets of a company are sold off to pay creditors . 
Ms. Rose , who teaches literature at Wesleyan University , quickly proceeds to overemphasize , claiming that Baker 's dancing `` had uncovered a new region for desire '' and thereby ignoring centuries of tributes to the callipygous . 
So he adjusts . 
And the ubiquitous opium addict is now a cynical and selfish man who gripes : `` Only government ministers can afford it these days ! '' 
Officials at the United Scientific unit , Optic-Electronic Corp. of Garland , Texas , and at Imo Industries of Lawrenceville , N.J. , could n't be reached for comment . 
Mr. Kakita said the key dollar-yen exchange rate is at 135 yen . 
Baker nonetheless remains furious both at Shamir , for backing down on the elections , and at Shamir 's rival , Peres , for political ineptitude in forcing a premature cabinet vote on Baker 's plan . 
It has n't diversified beyond steel , nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks . 
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it . 
A grand jury has been investigating whether officials at Southern Co. conspired to cover up their accounting for spare parts to evade federal income taxes . 
The exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held until it reached a maximum of 35 % . 
Abby Cohen , an investment strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , also thinks it makes sense to have some money in both utilities and gold . 
The trade report drew yet another unsettling parallel to October 1987 . 
Nearly a third said they have made some portfolio changes to anticipate a possible recession . 
So we all stand to benefit if patient-physician relations become a `` partnership . '' 
But the specialty-material segment slowed somewhat and consumer products continued below expectations . 
For example , while the laws on individual labor activity allow a citizen to earn a living independent of the state , strict provisions are attached on how far this may lead to the development of a free market . 
BroadBeach Associates Inc. , the Los Angeles investment partnership whose $ 62-a-share bid for McGill Manufacturing Co. was topped recently by a competing offer from a Swedish concern , disclosed that it sold its entire 7 % McGill stake . 
Mr. Lee values the package at between $ 15 and $ 20 a share , based on current trading prices of other casino-company stocks . 
Some state middlemen come to buy from me . 
As a result of dropping the liquidation plan , shareholders will have to treat dividends received this year as ordinary income or capital gains rather than as tax free returns of capital , the company said . 
Underwriters led by Lazard Brothers & Co. will pick up the rest of the airline 's offer of four convertible capital bonds for every nine common shares . 
Around Thanksgiving , the Solar Max satellite , which NASA repaired in orbit in 1984 , will tumble back into the Earth 's atmosphere . 
`` I would be the first to admit that there is not a complete consensus in the scientific community on either one of these problems , '' says Mr. Teagan . 
Reflecting airline takeover activity , however , both the Fidelity Select Air Transportation Portfolio and the National Aviation & Technology fund posted better-than-average returns for the the year to date : 30.09 % for the Fidelity Air Transportation fund and a whopping 47.24 % for National Aviation & Technology . 
The venture would be the latest in Coke 's rapid expansion of overseas investment . 
Bofors admits payments of $ 41 million to middlemen . 
Accomplishing both will be a balancing act as challenging as riding a unicycle . 
`` We wo n't know until the smoke clears -- but yes , we 're looking into it , '' he says . 
The government will try to sell all the real estate managed by the Federal Asset Disposition Association in one fell swoop , said William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp . 
And Bill Konopnicki , a Safford , Ariz. , licensee of McDonald 's Corp. who is chairman of the company 's National Operators Advisory Board , says some fast-food outlets `` could be in serious trouble , based on the amount of discounting that seems to be going on . '' 
But we did n't know just where it was until we completed our data gathering , '' Mr. Mortimer says . 
But it does n't always work so smoothly . 
New York 's Citibank , for instance , increased the yield on small-denomination three-month CDs to 8 % from 7.9 % . 
There , Mr. Shevardnadze felt legitimized to unveil his own peace plan : The U.S.S.R. would prolong a suspension of arms shipments to Nicaragua after the February election if the U.S. did likewise with its allies in Central America . 
Prosecutors , in an indictment based on the grand jury 's report , maintain that at various times since 1975 , he owned a secret and illegal interest in a beer distributorship ; plotted hidden ownership interests in real estate that presented an alleged conflict of interest ; set up a dummy corporation to buy a car and obtain insurance for his former girlfriend ( now his second wife ) ; and maintained 54 accounts in six banks in Cambria County . 
I would like to issue a challenge to corporate America . 
Democrats hoped that Mr. Dinkins could become a highly visible national leader . 
You 're probably right , and you are n't alone . 
Companies in the construction , engineering and building-products sectors were among other beneficiaries of earthquake-related buying . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
He listens impassively . 
The company says those holdings constitute the third-biggest real-estate portfolio in Belgium . 
At the same time , William T. Archey , international vice president at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , notes : `` Clearly the stronger dollar has made imports more attractive '' by causing their prices to decline . 
Of course , one option would be for Manville to buy out the trust 's shares -- which would do little to benefit public stockholders . 
Industrial neighborhoods fare even worse , with burglary rates twice the citywide average . 
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken . 
`` It certainly was n't a disaster , but it does show weakness '' in some of the company 's chief markets , said George Krug , a chemicals-industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co . 
This was in contrast with the society 's meeting last May , at the height of the controversy , when more than 1,500 scientists , along with scores of reporters and TV crews , crowded into a Los Angeles hotel ballroom for a tumultuous special night session on the subject . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors committee , unhappy with the carrier 's plans for emerging from bankruptcy-law proceedings , asked its own experts to devise alternate approaches to a reorganization . 
The survey also detected a bit more interest in golf , a positive sign for country clubs and golf club makers . 
`` Every year we 've been waiting for stepped-up expansion from the company . 
The company , which now holds a 34 % stake in the venture , has indicated that it intends to retain at least a 20 % stake long term . 
Continental , a Texas Air Corp. unit , recently unveiled a marketing program offering free companion tickets to business-class and first-class passengers on international flights . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Tuesday , gold was quoted at $ 366.79 an ounce . 
The market during the start-up is estimated at 25,000 subscribers . 
One example he gives : `` She did n't ask '' ( why the Palestinian children are soldiers throwing stones ) . 
Because of the size of the California market , few relocation specialists expect a widespread corporate flight in the quake 's aftermath . 
A trader at a Japanese firm estimated that the Japanese purchased no more than 10 % of the two-year notes . 
`` At some point , it will become non-economical for one company . 
Some speculate that Mr. Corry would agree if he could find a buyer at the right price . 
Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated , shelf offering of $ 200 million of debt securities , via Salomon Brothers Inc. and Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Nothing bravura , no arpeggios , no ticklish fingering problems challenge the performer . 
There are more than three times as many franchised domestic outlets as there are company stores . 
In particular , Japanese investors will be keeping a wary eye on Wall Street to see whether Monday 's 88.12-point rally holds up as fresh U.S. economic data are released . 
The University said the two companies agreed to spend 25 million Canadian dollars ( $ 21.3 million ) over 10 years on research at Canadian universities if they are successful in acquiring the vaccine maker . 
Mr. Hilger said Hoechst will invest 50 million marks ( $ 27.2 million ) in a plant to make a substitute product it has developed that it says is unchlorinated . 
Other forms of red tape are more pervasive . 
At the end of the trip , any unspent foreign exchange will have to be converted back into dollars , with another commission due . 
Hence the LBO craze . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
The $ 2.38 billion Dalkon Shield Claimants Trust was established as part of A.H. Robins ' bankruptcy-reorganization plan to resolve injury claims arising from use of the shield . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5990 , up from $ 1.5920 late Wednesday . 
Canadian Pacific Ltd. said it proposed acquiring the 44 % of Soo Line Corp. it does n't already own for $ 19.50 a share , or about $ 81.9 million , after failing to find a buyer for its majority stake earlier this year . 
Asked whether a $ 230-a-share figure circulating in the market yesterday is too low , he said , `` It 's certainly not too low . '' 
Books and software everywhere . 
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . '' 
In national over-the-counter trading , Ashton-Tate closed yesterday at $ 10 a share , up 62.5 cents . 
But on a 53-45 roll call this provision was stripped from the bill last night after Foreign Relations Chairman Claiborne Pell ( D. , R.I . ) complained that it was an intrusion on exclusive powers vested in his panel for more than three decades . 
It is also pulling 20 people out of Puerto Rico , who were helping Huricane Hugo victims , and sending them to San Francisco instead . 
Mr. Morishita says he intends to expand his business to many other areas at home and abroad . 
The issue 's yield rose to 7.93 % from 7.88 % . 
Where these discoveries will lead , scientists can only speculate . 
At the end of the very week in which Mr. Korotich was called to the Central Committee , Ogonyok was again demonstrating its independence by printing a poll that showed that 35 % of the Soviet population , a plurality , believed that Mr. Gorbachev 's economic reforms , perestroika , would result in only insignificant change . 
That unease is expected to grow today when the government reports on September durable goods orders and again Thursday when the first assessment of third-quarter economic growth is released . 
The dividend cut will prove most costly for John K. Hanson , Winnebago 's founder and chairman . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
You have time to put precautionary mechanisms in place , '' notes a Vista spokeswoman . 
U.S. Cycling Federation official Philip Milburn says mountain biking is `` growing at such a monstrous rate that a lot of companies are getting into this . '' 
Goodson said David Carr , former president of Ingersoll Publications , and Ray Cockburn , former senior vice president , would head the new in-house management team at Goodson , which had revenue of $ 225 million in 1988 . 
Source : Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
`` Having more than a token presence here should enhance communications and business relationships , '' Mr. Litvinchuk said . `` 
`` The beautiful look of wool , '' croons the show 's narrator , `` slightly Victorian in its influence ... . '' 
`` It 's frightening , '' Mr. Shattuck said . 
A spokesman for GM , the No. 1 auto maker , declined to say how many Jaguar shares that company owns . 
Its antihero , Said Mahran , is an Egyptian Raskolnikov who seeks nobility in robbing and killing . 
Her findings ? 
Nothing , I assumed , would be more hopelessly dated than a political satire on the Iran-Contra affair . 
Also as usual , the products will appeal mostly to heavy users of IBM equipment , at least initially . 
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV-B measurements . 
This is indeed what the market decided . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home . 
That 's hyperventilating . 
Under the Delaney clause , which applies to processed food , a chemical is banned if it causes cancer in laboratory animals . 
Estimated volume was a moderate 3.5 million ounces . 
`` When will I get that check for a million dollars ? '' he jokes . 
`` Investors have to accept the possibility of a significant slowdown in economic activity in the runup to 1997 , '' she says . 
The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer . 
In the San Francisco Bay area , more than 13,000 people were homeless and landslides threatened more houses . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Her commute from Petaluma , Calif. , normally takes an hour and 15 minutes , via the Golden Gate Bridge , which connects San Francisco with the North Bay area . 
They then began donating blood twice a week , receiving an EPO injection each time . 
\*\* With dividends reinvested 
Some insurers have also started offering `` persistency bonuses , '' such as extra dividends or a marginally higher interest yield , if the policy is maintained for 10 years . 
Still , case-by-case retrospective decision making of this sort is vulnerable to the tunnel vision caused by a fixation on ad hoc ( and usually sleazy ) examples . 
I do n't want to feel guilty representing my constituents . 
In the secondary , or resale , market , junk bonds closed 1\/2 point higher , while investment-grade corporate bonds fell 1\/8 to 1\/4 point . 
The agency 's workers and private companies would be allowed to bid for the assets up for sale . 
Someday , viewers may also choose different depths of news coverage . 
The cross-border loan portfolio reflected `` adjustment problems and episodic payment patterns , '' the bank said no interest payments from Argentina in the nine months and none from Brazil in the third quarter , while Venezuela brought itself `` substantially current . '' 
The dollar climbed immediately higher on news of Mr. Greenspan 's testimony , settling lower in later trade as dealers squared positions ahead of today 's preliminary report on third-quarter U.S. gross national product . 
Then the short-term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets . 
Confidence in the pound is widely expected to take another sharp dive if trade figures for September , due for release tomorrow , fail to show a substantial improvement from July and August 's near-record deficits . 
It said about half are in California , with the rest scattered across the country . 
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach-of-contract suit against Sony and the two producers . 
Still , Berbera was the best we could get , so we stay in bed with President Barrah . 
With many rural districts yet to report ballots , election officials estimate support for Christian Democrats fell an average five percentage points statewide . 
When he gets calls , `` I do n't even have to consult '' with Mrs. Coleman , Mr. Masket says . 
Mr. Covert had to search through law books scattered on the floor of his office yesterday , and Mr. Belli 's courtyard was strewn with bricks . 
Mr. Whittle said that so far , three of the six schools that carried the program in a five-week test last spring have subscribed to the program . 
Profit from coal fell to $ 41 million from $ 58 million , partly because of a miners ' strike . 
Further , under the agreement , First Tennesse would continue to develop the software that creates customer products and sevices . 
The results of the quake certainly raise questions about whether reasonable care was taken , Mr. Messina says . 
In audio equipment , sales rose 13 % to 44.3 billion yen from 39.19 billion yen . 
The cars are sold under a separate franchise with its own sign in front of Lincoln-Mercury dealers -- as opposed to new models such as Taurus or Escort , which are sold under existing Ford divisions . 
Galveston-Houston Co. said it will redeem all 3,950 shares of its privately held 6.5 % convertible Series C preferred stock Nov. 8 . 
Called a `` married put , '' the technique is carried out by purchasing a stock and simultaneously buying a put option on that stock . 
Until the baby-faced heroes of today reclaim these ballparks for spring training , there is one more . 
Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber would avoid Union Camp . 
Bond prices fell after the Chicago report was released . 
Apogee was quoted in the over-the-counter market yesterday at $ 2 bid . 
Most of the factory closings and job cutbacks will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture automotive plastics , hoses and other industrial and automotive parts . 
Gerald F. Seib contributed to this article . 
This year , the city faces a budget deficit that could become even bigger next year . 
In contrast , an investor holding the Dow Jones portfolio over the year would have accumulated only $ 127,446 . 
( The 1989 price : $ 250,000 . ) 
Dollar : 141.90 yen , off 0.53 ; 1.8470 marks , off 0.0108 . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
The company already markets a wide range of detergents , food , household and health-care products . 
Disappointment with the company 's earnings for the quarter led Prudential-Bache Securities to reduce its 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
Mr. Noriega also conveyed intelligence from his spy operation inside the Nicaraguan capital of Managua . 
McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. must extend its offer for LIN Broadcasting Corp. because it has `` not yet announced committed financing sufficient to complete '' the bid , LIN said in New York . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Maidenform generated such memorable campaigns as `` I dreamed I ... in my Maidenform bra , '' and `` The Maidenform woman . 
Leading EC growth forecasts in 1989 was Ireland , seen growing 5 % at constant prices . 
The company also maintains rechargeable flashlights in offices and changes its standby supply of drinking water every three months . 
He seems to be typical of many professional money managers . 
`` I think the people will be judging the regime by a petty policeman , by a corrupt revenue collector . 
However , at a news conference Thursday , Mrs. Aquino backed the project and said her government was attempting to soothe the feelings of residents at the original site , adjacent to the government 's major petroleum refinery in Bataan province . 
The monthly `` trade deficit '' figure is limited to traditional merchandise trade : manufactured goods and raw materials . 
The industrial average closed down only 3.69 points at 2659.22 . 
Salomon posted an unexpectedly big gain in quarterly earnings , aided by its securities trading and investment banking activities . 
Sales rose 4.8 % to $ 1.20 billion from $ 1.14 billion . 
Perhaps the ethics of an industry 's leader filters down and is one of the factors that ultimately shapes consumer trust in that industry . 
Christopher Hill in Tokyo , Nicholas Hastings in London , Erik Kirschbaum in Frankfurt and Caitlin Randall and Douglas Appell in New York contributed to this article . 
The two executives are among a number of outsiders recruited by Reebok in the past few years to help it make the transition from a small start-up company to a marketing giant with sales last year of $ 1.79 billion . 
But other analysts contend that while the Fed 's move to loosen credit has n't been aggressive , it nevertheless sends a clear signal that , at least for now , the Fed has relaxed its grip on credit . 
But Beijing ca n't cut back on such essential imports as raw materials for too long without hampering the country 's export business . 
The carpets wo n't be glued down , and walls will be coated with nontoxic finishes . 
Typically , Mr. Willens estimates , this type of debt makes up 15 % to 20 % of the financing for LBOs . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.24 , off 0.25 ; spot index 130.76 , off 0.88 . 
Inland a few miles from the refuge there is a place called Tivoli , with a white church , a gas station and a grocery , the houses relatively close together for such a settlement in these parts . 
Mr. Phelan has had difficulty convincing the public that the Big Board is serious about curbing volatility , especially as the exchange clearly relishes its role as the home for $ 200 billion in stock-index funds , which buy huge baskets of stocks to mimic popular stock-market indexes like the Standard & Poor 's 500 , and which sometimes employ program trading . 
Lynne Hyman , vice president of equity research for First Boston Corp. , expects P&G to post net of about $ 4.20 a share , on a post-split basis . 
A Taxpayers Union study concluded the bill would save taxpayers up to $ 9.3 billion in barrier-island subsidies over 20 years . 
`` We 're planning on a rip-roaring year in 1989 , but next year we 'll be another story , '' said Robert Freedman , a partner at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett . 
Lyondell Petrochemical Co. said third-quarter net income fell 54 % , to $ 73 million , or 91 cents a share , from $ 160 million a year earlier . 
Saab 's problems were underscored Friday when the company announced that its car division had a 1.2 billion kronor ( $ 186.1 million ) loss during the first eight months of this year , slightly worse than Saab-Scania had forecast in its first-half report last month . 
It 's something likely to be spread out over a long period of time . 
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary . 
No federal court has ruled that the Voting Rights Act protects a white minority , but in June the Justice Department approved a districting plan for Birmingham that carves out three white-majority districts and six black-majority districts . 
Ingalls Shipbuilding Inc. , a division of Litton Industries Inc. , was given a $ 15.5 million extension on a contract for shipyard services . 
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably . 
Emerson and Bosch , through their joint acquisition arm , Maple Acquisition , have begun a cash tender offer for all of Vermont 's common shares outstanding . 
That would benefit Chinese enterprises as well as Sino-foreign joint ventures , both of which have been plagued by shortages of working capital . 
Indeed , the U.S. unit edged lower as the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped about 13 points in early trading . 
He said the traders are demanding a higher level of proof before they will buy palladium again . 
Sale of Saatchi Unit Close 
This policy is totally mindless , and Sir Alan is correct to point out its deficiencies . 
Still , the directors said , `` Having fully considered all aspects of the company 's state of affairs and future cash flows , the directors confirm absolutely that the company is solvent . '' 
Traders said municipals were underpinned by influences including the climb in Treasury issue prices . 
But A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research , said last week 's rally was a reflex reaction to the Oct. 13 stock market rout . 
`` This particular issue goes to the very integrity of the capital-formation market , '' state Banking Commissioner Howard Brown said . 
With this year 's dislocations in China and the Soviet Union , and the drive to democracy in Poland and Hungary , the East German leadership grew still more defensive . 
Those days are over now , he believes . 
Its chairman told the union to prepare for the worst in next year 's confrontation with employers over a new three-year wage deal . 
In other words , the growth rates of both total GNP and real private business product per labor hour have been underestimated by about 20 % . 
Right now about a dozen laboratories , in the U.S. , Canada and Britain , are racing to unmask other suspected tumor-suppressing genes . 
A source close to Carl Icahn , a corporate raider who owns Trans World Airlines Inc. , said he has n't owned any UAL stock and is n't buying . 
Though Lloyd 's has talked for years about computerizing underwriting transactions , the effort has n't gotten very far . 
For last year 's fourth quarter , the company 's tax rate was less than 20 % , he said . 
While some assets have been written down , others are undervalued in the accounts , Mr. Bond maintained . 
Third-quarter earnings at Amerada Hess more than tripled to $ 51.81 million , or 64 cents a share , from $ 15.7 million , or 20 cents a share , a year earlier . 
What part did U.S. warnings play in the major 's unwillingness to pull the trigger when he had General Noriega in custody , but was under attack by pro-Noriega troops ? 
The people with a stake in Nevada 's gambling industry believe that they have barely tapped the potentially huge family trade . 
For Zel Herring , owner and a cook at the Sandhills Luncheon Cafe , a tin building in midtown , all this has made for a very good year . 
World-wide sales of Trident gum , Certs breath mints , and Clorets gum and breath mints , increased 12 % to $ 277 million . 
Average daily trading volume in June of 180.3 million shares was considerably higher than in September . 
Comments from the audience reflected widespread , if wistful , agreement with those conclusions . 
And because of the early settlement , the three-month bills actually have a 93-day maturity , and the six-month bills have an 184-day maturity . 
The White House already is talking of Mr. Bush visiting the California earthquake site this weekend . 
The stock , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , closed at $ 51.75 , up 62.5 cents , well below the $ 56.13 to $ 60 a share the insiders received for their shares . 
The news sent Winnebago stock falling 62.5 cents , to $ 5.25 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading - a 52-week low . 
Weighing 6.7 pounds with battery , the notebook measures 8.2 by 11.7 inches , has a 20-megabyte hard disk drive and boasts a backlit screen that is 22 % larger than Compaq 's . 
The West German machinery and plant equipment industry 's orders rose an inflation-adjusted 1 % in September from a year earlier despite a sharp drop in foreign orders , the German Association of Machinery Makers said . 
Volume was only 256.6 million shares , breaking the previous 1989 low of 276.8 million shares recorded Oct. 23 . 
Citicorp posted a 9 % drop in quarterly profit . 
The appeals court also said , `` We think an ordinary businessman reading this policy would have believed himself covered for the demands and potential damage claims '' stemming from any cleanup . 
The collateral consists of collateralized whole loans with a weighted average coupon rate of 11.08 % and weighted average remaining term to maturity of 28 years . 
Some executives also cite tension because of efforts by Mr. Sorrell , a financial man , to cut costs at the agency . 
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRANSPORTATION CO. , San Francisco , railroad , annual sales of $ 2.41 billion , had only minor damage to headquarters and tracks , and expects to be fully operational tomorrow . 
Santa Ana Redevelopment Agency -- $ 107 million of tax allocation bonds , 1989 Series A-D , via a Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. group . 
Volume totaled 173.5 million shares , 30 % above this year 's average daily turnover on Nasdaq . 
Hokuriku Electric Power Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of 8 7\/8 % bonds due Nov. 20 , 1996 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 8.90 % less full fees , via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd . 
We had been soliciting opinions on it long before Mr. Lawson 's resignation , and offer some of the collection for the benefit of his successor and one-time deputy , John Major . 
The White House said he plans to hold a series of private White House meetings , mostly with Senate Democrats , to try to persuade lawmakers to fall in line behind the tax cut . 
At least 15 major studies purport to show that particular states have imposed the death penalty disproportionately against killers of whites compared with blacks , and against black defendants compared with white defendants . 
SCI TV 's debt restructuring plan would defer payment of $ 153 million of bank debt . 
Is n't this the same guy who resigned as Navy secretary because he could n't get his 1,000-ship Navy ? 
`` The profit locking-in is definitely going on , '' said Mr. Mills , whose firm manages $ 600 million for Boston Co . 
The concept may be simple : Take a bunch of loans , tie them up in one neat package , and sell pieces of the package to investors . 
Older properties that still have a 1950s image are also vulnerable . 
In Washington , the Bush administration took a characteristically cautious and skeptical view of the leadership change . 
The securities were priced to float monthly at 20 basis points above the 30-day commercial paper rate . 
They say the recent market volatility has underscored the shortcomings of the way many European exchanges trade stocks . 
Estimated volume was 3.5 million ounces . 
Profit Systems , Valley Stream , N.Y. , is an air freight forwarding concern . 
Sales rose 25 % to $ 3.90 billion from $ 3.13 billion . 
PNC Financial 
Cap added four more divisions to the Army , two active and two reserve ; two carrier groups to the Navy ; a division -- equivalent to the Marines ; and the C-5B , KC-10 , C-17 and a thousand tactical aircraft to the Air Force . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
As part of its national ad pitch , Brooks Brothers will show less preppy women 's clothes , moving away from its floppy-tie business stereotype . 
Priam had a loss of $ 25.4 million for the fiscal year ended July 7 , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 543,000 , or two cents a share . 
If this were 1949 , Mr. Boren might even succeed . 
Nissan will introduce a completely revamped Sentra next fall . 
So the administration dropped it . 
To make the books balance , as is required by law , somebody invented a new budget line item that simply subtracted $ 45 billion . 
For example , what exactly did the CIA tell Major Giroldi and his fellow coup plotters about U.S. laws and executive orders on assassinations ? 
The deal fell through , and Kandahar remains a major regime base . 
The woman appeared in court Thursday to enter her plea , but when she started to approach the bench , she was stopped by Judge Hancock . 
Some 500 insects and 150 diseases wiggle , chew and romp through growers ' nightmares , including maggots , mites , mildew , thrips , black rot and the flat-headed borer . 
EMC manufactures data-storage systems for mainframes and minicomputers . 
PRIMERICA Corp. , New York , raised its quarterly 14 % to eight cents a share , from seven cents , payable Nov. 24 to stock of record Nov. 6 . 
The mineral concern 's own reorganization plan met a similar fate after opposition from the IRS and Manufacturers Hanover . 
The company , which is in a costly modernization program , said earnings were hurt by higher start-up and new program costs , increased costs of materials , higher wages and an $ 11 million provision for bad debts in Latin America . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged about 80 points in slightly more than one hour after the opening bell . 
Although the polyester and rayon markets remain mostly bleak , Akzo has high hopes for some emerging fiber businesses , such carbon fibers and aramid , extremely strong fibers used to reinforce tires and metals and to make such products as bullet-proof vests . 
At San Francisco International Airport , shock waves wrecked the control tower , knocking down computers and shattering glass . 
But Sony is a problem . '' 
PaineWebber Group Inc. announced a pullback on Thursday from stock-index arbitrage , a controversial program-trading strategy blamed by many investors for encouraging big stock-market swings . 
Plastics are the cornerstone of Phillips ' chemicals operations , which is the biggest single contributor to the company 's profits . 
In April , the psyllium bandwagon got more crowded . 
`` The ramifications are enormous , '' says Rep. Don Edwards , a California Democrat who is a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee . 
That 's the only note that 's truly in tune ... ' . '' 
Not nearly in his best form , the tenor made dullish sounds along with his usual clumsy hand gestures . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , K mart closed yesterday at $ 36 a share , up 12.5 cents . 
The anti-abortionists are urging GOP Gov. Bill Clements to press the issues in a special session scheduled to run Nov. 14 to Dec. 13 . 
J.C. Penney Co. -- 
Westinghouse expects about half of its new orders for turbines to come from independent producers for at least the next six years . 
What I 'm trying to say to people is , it 's proper to worry about program trading , but it 's only a piece of the business . '' 
Stock prices , meanwhile , are about 140 points lower than the peak of 2791.41 reached on the Dow industrial average Oct. 9 . 
Early yesterday , bonds rose as investors rushed to buy Treasury securities on the prospect that stocks would plummet in the aftermath of the massive California earthquake . 
In a nondescript office building south of Los Angeles , human behavior is being monitored , dissected and , ultimately , manipulated . 
The closing contributed to a $ 3.4 million loss in the fiscal first quarter ended July 31 -- its first quarterly loss since 1974 . 
Value of the properties and management interests was n't disclosed . 
Sumner M. Redstone , Viacom 's chairman , said Viacom `` emerged from our leveraged buy-out structure and gained substantial operating and financial flexibility through '' the bank pact . 
MAITRE'D CLAIMS in suit that restaurant fired her because she was pregnant . 
Two reform-minded party leaders favored by Moscow as possible successors to Mr. Honecker , Dresden party secretary Hans Modrow and Politburo member Guenter Schabowski , were passed over . 
Unfortunately , all those estimates came before airline industry fundamentals deteriorated during the past month . 
Will he , if he wins , be in the thrall of the most liberal of his allies , who advocate such policies as rent control for commercial buildings , or will he tilt toward the real-estate interests that have funneled money into his campaign ? 
Moreover , she proclaimed that `` landscape architects have been going wrong for the last 20 years '' in the design of open space . 
`` However , given the changes in the market conditions that have occurred since then , we decided to sell only the amount needed to proceed with our contemplated recapitalization , '' he said . 
They stroll through the marble-encased corridors of the Atrium Court . 
For one thing , Pentagon officials , who asked not to be identified , worry that the U.S. will have a much tougher time persuading Europeans to keep some short-range nuclear weapons on their soil once Soviet armored forces are thinned out . 
Underwriters insist these issues are constructed to withstand extremely tough economic conditions . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
Money Market Deposits - a 6.23 % 
With the market down , we wanted to tell people to put their orders in on the opening . '' 
Cutting against the downward trend was Continental , which jumped 4 marks to 346 marks ( $ 187 ) in heavy trading on rumors that the tire maker is about to be taken over . 
Wayne Smith , an attorney at Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher in Los Angeles representing Sony , said the Sony executives had n't seen the contract because `` it was n't relevant once Guber and Peters told them Warner would let them terminate it at any time . '' 
At the same time , he remains fairly pessimistic about the outlook for imports , given continued high consumer and capital goods inflows . 
In his statement , Mr. Wolf said , `` We continue to believe our approach is sound , and that it is far better for all employees than the alternative of having an outsider own the company with employees paying for it just the same . '' 
Compounding the trouble to Japanese investors , mortgage securities pay interest monthly , since most mortgages require homeowners to make monthly payments . 
Time is also fighting the transaction on other fronts , by attempting to discourage other cable operators from joining Tele-Communications as investors in Showtime , cable-TV industry executives say . 
CBS News , which as recently as two years ago fired hundreds of its employees in budget cutbacks , now hires featured actors beginning at $ 2,700 a week . 
Mr. Stevens said British Air has n't received any new buy-out proposals from the labor-management group , led by UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf , and has n't received any indication of when one might be forthcoming . 
Perhaps Mr. Gates would emphasize more than Mr. Baker the many hurdles the Soviet leader must leap if he is going to succeed . 
S.A. brewing would make a takeover offer for all of Bell Resources if it exercises the option , according to the commission . 
I hope that you begin talking about the plan 's permanent and , in my view , most beneficial feature -- indexation . 
The company has declined requests to discuss the changes , but Mr. Weekes has said that Mr. Hollander wanted to have his own team . 
GM closed down $ 1.875 at $ 44.875 in New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday . 
HASTINGS MANUFACTURING Co. declared a regular quarterly dividend of 10 cents a share and an extra dividend of five cents a share on its common stock , payable Dec. 15 to shares of record Nov. 17 . 
During her second meeting with the Hammacks , Ms. Johnson reviews exactly what their policy covers . 
In recent months , California 's Transportation Department has been recruiting in Pennsylvania , Arizona and Texas for engineers experienced in road and bridge design . 
Some predicted that Nekoosa will end up being owned by a Japanese company . 
Karen Fine Coburn Publisher Global Environmental Change Report Arlington , Mass . 
Viacom Inc. , New York , reported that its third-quarter loss widened to $ 21.7 million , or 41 cents a share , primarily because of interest expense of $ 70.1 million . 
Listeners turned to radios run on batteries for news when the San Francisco earthquake and Hurricane Hugo cut power lines . 
( This was never a problem with South Gardens , because the client had long since given in to Ms. Bartlett 's every whim . ) 
Some have built health spas , business centers and shopping villages so visitors have more to do than ski . 
Mercury Savings & Loan Association said it retained Merrill Lynch Capital Markets as its lead investment banker to advise it regarding a possible sale or other combination of the Huntington Beach , Calif. , thrift . 
The tagline : `` I only asked if she wanted a Jim Beam . 
As a result , financial advisers say they take several steps when evaluating the riskiness of clients ' portfolios . 
Where does Mr. Lehman get off castigating Gen. George Marshall for muscling in on naval prerogatives ? 
The new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of RICOed defendants and their investors , clients , bankers and others . 
Priam Corp. said it filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code and announced a 35 % reduction in its world-wide employment . 
Mellon has 36.6 million shares outstanding . 
But hardly the only ones : The scams promise -- among other things -- to help save the environment , feed starving families and prevent the disappearance of children . 
Until recently , such buy-now , pray-for-growth-later deals were routine . 
His violin classmates included Shlomo Mintz , a protege of Isaac Stern who performed with major orchestras while still a student ; Cho-Liang Lin , who joined the roster of ICM Artists Inc. at the age of 18 ; and Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg , who launched her career by winning the 1981 Naumberg Competition . 
Mr. Conway said the Fox shows appearing on nights when Paramount-MCA shows would n't be offered could be promoted on the programs produced by Paramount-MCA . 
National Environmental , formerly Yankee Cos. , is a sludge treatment company . 
They trotted out another crop of instant commercials after the sudden market dip a few weeks ago . 
It will include Messrs. Schwarz and Maurer . 
At best , she realizes , they will rise more slowly -- more slowly , she hopes , than her family 's income . 
The refund stems from a court ruling that found certain payments by Humana subsidiaries to its insurance subsidiary during fiscal 1977 through 1979 were deductible as premiums for liability insurance . 
TDK fell 120 to 5,960 , Fuji Photo Film declined 160 to 4,830 , and Fanuc dropped 160 to 7,440 . 
He said Chrysler `` is no longer sure '' of its forecast for industry car and truck sales of 14.2 million in the 1990 model year . 
That 's essentially what budget director Richard Darman is suggesting , and we think he deserves as much support as he can get . 
`` Unfortunately , there is only one laboratory for developing techniques to withstand earthquakes , and that is an earthquake , '' said Burch Bachtold , San Francisco district director for the transportation department . 
The state of California , following the lead of some regional parks , recently adopted regulations that closed nearly all hiking paths in state parks to mountain bicycles . 
The state-owned industrial holding company Instituto Nacional de Industria and the Bank of Spain jointly hold a 13.94 % stake in Banco Exterior . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 15 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 72 days ; 8.375 % 73 to 96 days ; 8.125 % 97 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Sandra Kaul , research analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton , said the market pushed higher mainly in anticipation of a late harvest in the Ivory Coast , a major cocoa producer . 
Indexes can be constructed to serve social goals , such as eliminating the stocks of companies doing business in South Africa . 
DISASTER STATES are n't jumping to raise taxes for relief and recovery . 
CBS may cushion losses with about $ 200 million a year in interest earned on the proceeds from selling CBS Records and other businesses . 
The Red and White Fleet , which operates regular commuter ferry service to and from Marin County , and tourist tours of the bay , is offering East Bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 10 round-trip . 
In national over-the-counter trading Friday , SciMed shares tumbled $ 2.75 to $ 43 . 
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added . 
The agency did n't mention possible quantities and did n't say how the gas would be delivered . 
The proposal reiterates the U.S. desire to scrap or reduce a host of trade-distorting subsidies on farm products . 
He added , `` We have no intention of selling either business . '' 
Any push for a Gorbachev vision of a `` common European home , '' implying the eventual dissolution of the EC , a Soviet-German partnership and the withdrawal of U.S. forces , `` would be a very , very serious problem , '' he says . 
At the opening bell , investors quickly began singling out shares of companies expected to profit or suffer in some way from the California disaster , including insurers , construction-related companies , refiners and housing lenders . 
Generally they maintain that , barring a recession and a further strengthening of the dollar against foreign currencies , the industry is n't headed for a prolonged slump . 
But some analysts say Salomon has turned the corner . 
If there were such evidence , you can be sure you would have heard of it . 
On Tuesday , the broader-based Tokyo Stock Price Index of issues listed in the first section , which fell 45.66 Monday , rose 41.76 , or 1.61 % , to 2642.64 . 
Tandy Corp. , citing sluggish sales of consumer-electronics goods , said net income dropped 3.3 % for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
Republicans figured that in Mr. Giuliani , the nation 's best-known prosecutor , they had a chance for a huge upset in the heart of Democratic territory and that they would pick up a new political star . 
Mr. Thompson believes the case for working together is stronger now than ever . 
For the week the Dow Jones Industrial Average sank 92.42 points , or 3.4 % . 
Minpeco said it would n't pursue such litigation if its settlement plan in the W. Herbert Hunt case is approved by Judge Abramson , who will consider the proposal at a hearing next week . 
In the early stage of checking people with incomes exceeding $ 500,000 who were filing nonresident returns , it squeezed $ 7.5 million out of a man who was posing as a Florida resident . 
Sales were C$ 4.2 billion compared with C$ 3.7 billion . 
At a time when Jon Levy should be planning the biggest spring season in his dress company 's 17 years , his work day is studded with intense moments of concern about one of his biggest customers , Campeau Corp . 
`` As a general rule , prior-review programs have not made case-by-case assessments of the comparative costs of alternative treatments or sites of care . '' 
Emergency measures would be introduced to ease the country 's financial crisis , notably its $ 200 billion budget deficit . 
The SEC has only about 200 staffers assigned to keep tabs on investment advisers -- about the same as in 1980 -- even though the number of advisers has tripled to about 15,000 over the past decade . 
At London 's close , the Dow Jones Industrial Average was 51.23 points lower at 2611.68 . 
John A. Conlon Jr. , 45 , was named a managing director at this investment-banking company . 
Pulp , processed and miscellaneous paper sales also surged . 
But `` a bunch of utilities '' should post profit increases . 
The 20-stock MMI mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
In a meeting in New York yesterday , the committee put on hold instructions it gave two weeks ago to its experts to explore other options for Eastern 's future , the sources said . 
In the first hour of trading , about one million shares a minute changed hands on the Big Board as big stock-index arbitrage sell programs pushed prices lower . 
Although crude oil prices were significantly higher this year , they were n't strong enough to offset the declining profits in those business sectors at most oil companies , said William Randol , oil analyst for First Boston Corp . 
Warner has a five-year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio . 
For example , today the Department of Commerce is scheduled to release the September durable goods report . 
The U.S. exchanges need both market integrity and cost-efficiency ; long-term growth depends on it . 
The official Xinhua News Agency said the municipal government was discussing a draft bill to give the capital its first anti-prostitution statutes . 
The earnings also mark a significant drop from the second quarter 's $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share . 
He has characterized the five senators ' roles as `` tantamount to an attempt to subvert the ... regulatory process , '' and he is n't expected to back down even though the five senators have disputed his account of a 1987 meeting . 
I have never seen a case of incompetence shared by so many participants . '' 
But South Korean auto makers are confident that the export market will bounce back and that demand in Korea will stay strong . 
( `` I defy you to come up with one major accomplishment of David Dinkins , '' says Mr. Giuliani . ) 
Next month , talks will begin on two coveted CBS contracts , for the pro and college basketball finals . 
The main issues remaining are how to calculate damages and whether the infringement was `` willful and deliberate . '' 
It was the ninth inning of the third game of a three-game playoff between the Brooklyn Dodgers and the New York Giants ( the predecessor to the San Francisco Giants scheduled to play in tonight 's world series ) . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3371.36 , off 
Viatech Inc. said it received approval from the French government for its proposed $ 44.7 million acquisition of Ferembal S.A . 
Rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by BT Securities , a subsidiary of Bankers Trust New York Corp . 
Consider a `` laddered '' bond portfolio , with issues maturing in , say , 1992 , 1993 and 1994 , advises Malcolm A. Makin , a Westerly , R.I. , financial planner . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
The ruling also may determine how quickly LTV is able to complete its Chapter 11 reorganization . 
C.R. Bard Inc. yesterday said third-quarter net plunged 51 % to $ 9.9 million , or 18 cents a share , from $ 20 million , or 35 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Computer makers were scrambling to help customers recover from the disaster . 
Yesterday , gold traded within a narrow range . 
I sell -- a little . 
Now , the giant marketing company , which holds 25 % of Japan 's 4.4 trillion yen ( $ 30.96 billion ) advertising industry , is considering the acquisition of an advertising network in the U.S. or Europe . 
`` You ca n't ask one carrier to underwrite on social grounds when that might destroy it in the marketplace . '' 
Mr. Belli , who was at Candlestick Park for the World Series Tuesday night , says he has hired civil engineers to check out his own mildly damaged building and to investigate the bridge collapse . 
PWA , which recently merged Wardair 's operations with those of PWA-owned Canadian Airlines International Ltd. , Canada 's second-biggest airline , said the proposed sale is part of a revised five-year plan aimed at streamlining its fleet and shedding debt . 
Capital expenditure in 1990 will rise slightly , Mr. Marous said , from an estimated $ 470 million this year . 
The December contract declined 1.85 cents a pound to $ 1.2645 . 
He says his team could n't tell whether accounts receivable had been paid or not . 
He said Polly Peck will greatly expand Sansui 's product line , using Sansui 's engineers to design the new products , and will move Sansui 's production of most products other than sophisticated audio gear offshore into Polly Peck 's own factories . 
Ms. Bogart 's cast is part and parcel of the problem . 
Jeffrey L. Liddle , the two men 's attorney at Liddle , O'Connor , Finkelstein & Robinson , said Mr. Kelly began working at Dean Witter in 1987 . 
Many analysts question management 's credibility . 
One former bailiff charged that the judge double-crossed him by reneging on a promise of a better paying job after pocketing a $ 500 bribe . 
Anheuser-Busch announced its plan at the same time it reported third-quarter net income rose a lower-than-anticipated 5.2 % to $ 238.3 million , or 83 cents a share , from $ 226.5 million , or 78 cents . 
Company officials said later that British Airways believes its involvement in the UAL buy-out ended last Friday when the buy-out group , which also includes UAL 's management and pilot union , failed to obtain financing for the $ 6.79 billion transaction . 
The program provides highly subsidized loans to any student whose family earns less than a particular amount . 
A spokesman for Campeau called the rumors `` ridiculous . '' 
Topaz , a translucent mineral that is often whitish when taken from the ground , can be turned blue by irradiation , which transforms it into a gemstone that looks like an aquamarine . 
The media concern said net income rose to $ 37.8 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 32 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Even the carefully calibrated machinery in its giant Fremont plant , to the north of the Valley , was believed to be undamaged . 
Ferranti has said that it would be forced to write off # 185 million against the phantom contracts , reducing its net asset value by more than half . 
Fees 1 3\/4 . 
Critics also say American companies charge too much . 
In September 1988 , that level was 9.5 % . 
Mexico is the biggest importer of both rum and brandy from the U.S. . 
After only 11 moves for each side , the computer 's position was shaky . 
That theme has been a recurring one for Soviet military officials for much of this year . 
Neither woman was invited by CBS News to participate in a round-table discussion about Mr. Hoffman that is to follow the re-enactment . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
They say the longer the warranty , the longer customers will automatically return to new-car dealers , which then find non-warranty work that might otherwise go to repair shops . 
`` It would also help us in our search for equity partners . 
Duriron Co. said it has agreed to buy Automax Inc. , a Cincinnati maker of control accessories for industrial valves . 
Congress inserted the following into the Interior appropriation : `` None of the funds available under this title may be used to prepare reports on contacts between employees of the Dept. of the Interior and Members and committees of Congress and their staff . '' 
The boys with the white elephants on their sleeves might not have made the earth move much , but they certainly did some impressive things with baseballs . 
Burlington 's operating profit grew to $ 9.2 million from $ 3.8 million a year earlier , Pittston said . 
The company also faces delisting by the National Association of Securities Dealers . 
No personal computer , not even the one on a chief executive 's desk , is safe , this speaker noted . 
West Virginia , home of Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd , would receive $ 21.5 million -- four times the military 's request . 
`` The best odds are with your core franchise . 
Other favorites of growth-stock analysts and money managers also had a mixed session . 
The scheme allegedly cost the post office # 10 million ( $ 16.1 ) in revenue in the past 12 months . 
What must your management team do to establish corporate due process ? 
They simply got carried away with interpreting what the executive order banning assassinations really meant . 
`` As we 've seen in the '80s , '' says Roger Werner , the president of the ESPN sports channel , `` those deals can turn sour if the numbers do n't work . 
The White House called on Congress to attach the proposed capital-gains tax cut to its final deficit-reduction bill , but lawmakers seem likely to balk at the idea . 
Like many OTC growth issues , they have market values -- as measured by stock price times shares outstanding -- of roughly $ 100 million to $ 500 million . 
Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. , fulfilling its dismal earnings forecast for 1989 , said its third-quarter net income fell 68 % on flat revenue . 
Blockbuster Entertainment Corp. -- $ 250 million ( face amount ) Liquid Yield Option Notes , via Merrill Lynch . 
`` The fundamentals of supply and demand once again are setting oil prices , '' says Victor Burk , an Arthur Andersen & Co. oil expert . 
And while last week the agency hired a top Chiat\/Day\/Mojo executive , Bill Hamilton , to try to bolster its work , `` Graham has to get the revenue of that New York office moving , '' says James Dougherty , an analyst with County NatWest Securities . 
The junk-mail titans , ever optimistic , are looking for ways around the problem . 
Eager engineers espouse direct-steelmaking and direct casting , which by the end of the 1990s will enable production without coke ovens and blast furnaces . 
It now will be played mostly for the record , and should be wrapped up as quickly as possible , without `` off '' days . 
Isler Sailing International 's advisory board includes Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting chairman and a former Cup victor ; Peter G. Diamandis , head of Diamandis Communications , and Joseph B. Vittoria , chairman and chief executive of Avis Inc . 
Thus , optimistic entrepreneurs await a promised land of less red tape -- just as soon as Uncle Sam gets around to arranging it . 
There is demand for state-of-the-art machine tools in the Soviet Union and in other Eastern European countries as those nations strive to improve the efficiency of their ailing factories as well as the quality of their goods . 
Wall Street is seething over the rules , which would curtail the tax deductibility of debt used in most LBOs . 
The troupe currently performs in a converted dairy that seats 211 and provides little capacity for staging anything beyond a simple one-set production . 
Share turnover subsided to 161.5 million . 
He and Mr. Bologna emphasized that both companies would gain technological knowledge through the sale of Gen-Probe , which will expand `` significantly '' as a result of the acquisition . 
The real tragedy , though , lies not in the family 's circumstances but in its concern for appearances . 
John Wilpers resigned as editor in chief . 
Mr. Greenspan said he and other Fed governors endorse a bill by Rep. Stephen Neal ( D. , N.C. ) that would require the Fed to pursue policies aimed at eliminating inflation within five years . 
Not all of those parcels have yet been sold . 
Jumping in on big deals is a high profile way to leapfrog the problem of not having a strong retail-banking network . 
In his office overlooking the runway of Shannon Airport , Mr. Ovcharenko enthusiastically throws out what he calls `` just ideas '' : 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Federal officials seized the association in April , a day after the parent corporation entered bankruptcy-law proceedings . 
Already , the fight has been costly . 
And , `` more importantly , '' he says , `` the debt burden measured other ways is not really in uncharted waters . '' 
To date , says Emil Jachmann , a Dictaphone vice president , it has `` broken even or shown a small loss . '' 
So says the Commonwealth Fund , a New York philanthropist that 's sponsoring a $ 1 million project to develop joint masters in business and nursing programs at 10 universities ... . 
Almost half ( 49.8 % ) reported suffering `` mental abuse '' from coaches , and almost one-quarter ( 24.8 % ) said they had been pressured to ignore injuries . 
EARNINGS : 
Imports of goods and services soared , while exports were flat . 
General Motors continued to be hardest hit . 
Moody 's also confirmed the Prime-1 rating , its highest , on CS First Boston 's commercial paper , or short-term corporate IOUs . 
Both returns do n't include any tax credits . 
That 's well over half a billion dollars more than ABC and NBC were willing to pay . 
`` But the Filipinos and the Americans , when I talk to them , there 's so much passion about Filipino manhood being diminished as a result of being squatted upon by the Americans and so on . 
California legislators , searching for ways to pay for the $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion in damages from last week 's earthquake , are laying the groundwork for a temporary increase in the state 's sales tax . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , the group said it sold 1,325,900 Anacomp common shares from Aug. 31 to last Wednesday for $ 4.48 to $ 5.84 a share , resulting in a drop in its holdings to 1,351,662 shares . 
That show , whose host is Ms. Chung 's husband , Maury Povich , has a particular penchant for grisly murders and stories having to do with sex -- the Robert Chambers murder case , the Rob Lowe tapes , what have you . 
Since the value of its assets was n't known , analysts were free to pick a number . 
A Ford takeover of Jaguar would `` have such implications for the balance of power in the 1990s that General Motors ca n't afford to step aside . 
In 1984 , the Congress ( I ) captured 405 seats , the largest victory in the history of Indian democracy . 
The proposed petrochemical plant would use naphtha to manufacture the petrochemicals propylene and ethylene and their resin derivatives , polypropylene and polyethylene . 
Some analysts are concerned , however , that Banco Exterior may have waited too long to diversify from its traditional export-related activities . 
At this year 's event , the third since the festival got under way in 1985 , Idrissa Ouedraogo of Burkina Faso won the Sakura Gold prize of $ 143,000 for `` Yaaba '' ( `` Old Woman '' ) . 
But even if he effects a Hyde-to-Jekyll transformation , he will face a serious ideological crisis and Reunification Scenario Two . 
When U.S. trading began , Treasury bonds received an additional boost from news that sales of new single-family homes fell 14 % in September . 
If Mr. Gorbachev 's goal is the creation of a free market , he and these Western observers have good reason to fear for his future , as economic liberalization within communist societies leads inexorably to demands for fundamental political reform accompanied by civil unrest . 
For Cheap Air Fares , Spend Christmas Aloft 
There is no effective regulation of planners , no accepted standard for admission into their ranks -- a dog got into one trade group -- no way to assess their performance , no way even to know how many of them there are ( estimates range from 60,000 to 450,000 ) . 
While he is widely described as a man with deep convictions , he has few major political programs that he can call his own . 
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario . 
`` Nobody had the guts to complain . '' 
`` Most people read 10 times more than necessary in order to find out what they really need . '' 
Mr. Hurley was formerly a vice president and general manager of an Avery International division ; Mr. Vanourek was a former group vice president of Pitney Bowes Inc . 
There are drawbacks . 
But there are limits . 
A genetically engineered version of the human protein developed by Amgen Corp. of Thousand Oaks , Calif. , recently has been marketed by the Ortho Pharmaceuticals division of Johnson & Johnson . 
`` What you have here is intuition made manifest . '' 
3COM CORP. , Santa Clara , maker of computer communications systems , annual sales of $ 386 million , OTC , slight structural damage to headquarters , communications systems already fully operational . 
The Wilbur translation is remarkable -- well worth a read and even better seen in the theater if you ever have the opportunity . 
The Packwood proposal would reduce the tax depending on how long an asset was held . 
\*\* Year ago figure is restated . 
Mr. Asman is also annoyed that Mr. Castro has resisted collaboration with U.S. officials , even though by his own account that collaboration has been devised essentially as a mechanism for acts directly hostile to the Cuban regime , such as facilitating defections . 
The calculations generally rely on an after-tax rate of return of 8 % annually -- a rate historically obtainable by the individual in only one place , the stock market . 
Differences between the Treasury and the Federal Reserve on the usefulness of intervention to help restrain the dollar resurfaced at the hearing . 
Ms. Malcolm , for example , wrote that Mr. Masson described himself as `` the greatest analyst who ever lived . '' 
The long-term outlook for the retail brokerage business is `` miserable , '' Mr. Ross declares . 
The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of Management and the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association , a joint industry-government trade group . 
For these workers at the bottom of the mine 's pay scale , this is usually enough to overcome the temptation to steal -- a crime that could earn them up to 15 years in jail . 
It is not my contention that either Mr. Chestman or Mr. Freeman was an innocent victim of prosecutorial overzealousness . 
The average seven-day compound yield of the funds reached 9.62 % in late April . 
In this they are aided by years of American , European , Pakistani and Saudi support for the most extreme factions -- radical Islamic fanatics with leaders whose policies are anathema to the Afghan public . 
Mr. Padovan is currently a director at Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd . 
Under federal transportation law , a government mediator is attempting to reconcile the melding of Tiger 's job classifications into Federal 's . 
If Washington 's elites ever succeed in bursting the tax dam , Americans will be engulfed in a red sea of new spending programs , such as federalized child care . 
In the U.S. , Deloitte , Haskins & Sells was known as Haskins & Sells until 1978 , when it added the `` Deloitte '' name of its British affiliate . 
For example , the Small Business Administration has had reasonable success in reducing both guarantee rates and default rates in its Preferred Lenders ' Program . 
Details of the plan , which would go into effect in 1993 , are sketchy , but each player would apparently be paid a base salary keyed to his position and ability . 
Scores of other credit programs , subsidizing agriculture , small business , exporters , defense , energy , transportation and others , are less visible but in no better shape . 
In an economic slowdown , heavy debt loads reduce the flexibility of companies because cash that would normally be used to keep the company buoyant must be diverted to interest payments . 
By Monday morning , they said , stock-index arbitrage sell programs helped re-establish the link between stocks and futures . 
GM is expected to inject roughly # 200 million ( $ 316 million ) by acquiring some Jaguar shares , and then win Jaguar management 's promise of an eventual 30 % stake . 
The 300 and 400 series aircraft will be powered by engines jointly produced by General Electric Co. and Snecma of France . 
Eastman Kodak Co. , seeking to position itself in the potentially huge high-definition television market , unveiled a converter that can transform conventional motion-picture film into high-definition video . 
One award is part of a Department of Defense contract to Loral Rolm Mil-Spec Computers and could be valued at more than $ 100 million over five years . 
They renamed it Swiss Cantobank and are using it to expand abroad . 
The amendment would require the department to block the purchase of a major airline by anyone who has run two or more carriers that have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code . 
Brink 's operating profit was about flat with the year-earlier period , reflecting continued pricing and cost pressures . 
The school was the first , in 1987 , to receive the NCAA 's `` death penalty '' -- two years without football -- for repeated rules violations . 
Steven C. Walker , senior vice president of this bank holding company , was named president , chief executive officer and a director of both Commercial National and Commercial National Bank . 
The state has sued these charities in state court , complaining that much of the money was grossly misspent ; 82 % , says Mr. Ormstedt , went to fund raisers and most of the rest to the people who ran the charities and to their relatives -- for fur coats , trips to Florida , Lucullan restaurant tabs . 
But it would be ironic if Germany 's reunification , just like its division , eventually were the result of actions in centers of power other than Bonn and Berlin . 
And at a luncheon meeting Tuesday of Democratic senators , there was outspoken opposition to cutting the capital-gains tax this year , according to participants . 
That was also the case in the days following the June 4 massacre in Beijing , which caused a sharp drop in Hong Kong stock prices . 
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 . 
Some analysts contend that silver is cheap now that prices are languishing at levels last seen in the mid-1970s . 
The 1981 novel `` Wedding Song '' also is experimental , and another badly aimed bullet . 
While our competitors are concerned with their financial viability and possible ownership changes , we will be concentrating on buying and selling merchandise our customers need and want . '' 
The stock slid $ 1.875 on more than four times average daily volume . 
The South was off 2 % after the first nine months , while the North Central region was up 3 % . 
The $ 6.07 billion increase was the strongest weekly inflow since January 1988 . 
Meanwhile , finding a volunteer to write the computer program is n't a problem . 
MCI Communications Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 750 million of debt securities via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Mr. Brissette will remain a Canonie board member and will be a consultant to the company . 
In many cases the costs claimed were so high that only a dribble of cash was left for the purported beneficiaries . 
Rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through Salomon Brothers . 
Japan 's Daiwa Securities named Masahiro Dozen president . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 3\/4 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
At the new rate , that would give them about $ 30 to travel on . 
But he said they are `` to a large degree , housekeeping , '' although some may generate some disagreement . 
`` I had some problem from time to time on the length of time he would take to make up his mind , '' Mr. Ferrer admits , but he maintains that he did n't delay his support of Mr. Dinkins and that he backs the Democratic candidate enthusiastically . 
But for companies that use hundreds of eggs a day , breaking them by hand can get , well , out of hand . 
It may seem trivial to worry about the World Series amid the destruction to the Bay Area wrought by Tuesday 's quake , but the name of this column is `` On Sports , '' so I feel obliged to do so . 
So , it is n't surprising that consumer-credit delinquencies at banks remain , as the chart shows , reassuringly below some earlier highs ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 23 , 1989 ) . 
Carbide , like other companies with a heavy reliance on the so-called commodity end of the chemicals industry , was expected to post earnings sharply lower than in an exceptionally strong 1988 third quarter . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
The Chicago Board of Trade , the No. 1 U.S. grain market , had long chafed under the attention won by its innovative archrival , the livestock-dealing Mercantile Exchange . 
Revenue in the latest quarter fell 17 % to $ 44 million from $ 53.2 million , the company said , reflecting poor utilization of the company 's facilities and its behavioral medicine contracts . 
Then , Mr . Will says , `` you get a bidding war between two very rich , very determined international companies . '' 
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October . 
The State Department denied asylum to a Vietnamese man who escaped from his homeland by lashing himself to the rudder housing of a tanker for two days in monsoon seas . 
At the moment gold traders are n't concerned about inflation , he said , and as for the dollar , `` gold 's association with the currency has been diminishing recently so drops in the currency are n't having much impact on gold . '' 
The highlight : a `` fragrance control system . '' 
These are sometimes dubbed `` emerging '' growth companies , though they also have expanding-profit track records . 
And he says Block 's other businesses are growing , although less consistently . 
Most important to the contract 's success is the commitment of Hong Kong 's big financial institutions , especially the two leaders , Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp. and the local subsidiary of Britain 's Standard Chartered Bank PLC . 
`` The biotechnology firms may be setting up their own competitors , '' said Richard Godown , president of the Industrial Biotechnology Association . 
The notes are zero-coupon securities and will not pay interest periodically . 
A pickup truck driven by a white farmer rumbles past with a load of black workers bouncing in the back . 
Though the trading halts are offered as a sign of concern about recent stock market volatility , most Wall Street firms remain open to handle program trading for customers . 
Nekoosa ranked 11th with sales of $ 3.59 billion . 
The company has 18,000 employees and more than 70 buildings in the Bay area . 
Thieves stole a 12th century fresco from an abandoned church in Camerino , Italy , by removing the entire wall on which the work had been painted , police said ... . 
But Mr. Wolf faces a monumental task in pulling the company back together again . 
While stop orders sound similar to limit orders , there is a difference : Sell stops must be entered at a price below the current market price and buy stops above . 
While they can target some of the most obvious miscreants , enforcers concede that they are only scratching the surface . 
YOU WENT to college and thought you got an education . 
Among the biggest winners were brokerage-house stocks , responding to heavy trading volume . 
Sales for the company , based in Abbott Park , Ill. , rose 8.3 % to $ 1.31 billion from $ 1.21 billion . 
Other credit houses , such as Credit Exchange and Solo Credit Service Corp. , are suggesting that their clients study each order before shipping . 
Mr. Jones has also beefed up his marketing staff to sell the 118 luxury suites topping Texas Stadium ( his deal with Bum Bright included operating rights for the stadium ) . 
As a result , the Dow Jones Industrial Average drifted in narrow ranges in the final hour of trading , and closed 5.94 higher to 2689.14 . 
The stock fell 3 1\/4 to 73 1\/4 on 3.4 million shares . 
`` Frankly , as I was walking back to get in my car , I heard many , many people ... opening champagne bottles and celebrating individual victories that some of us had accomplished in getting our little deal in the tax bill and winking at this person for slipping this in , '' he said . 
These days , Mr. Breeden is winning praise in Washington and on Wall Street for his behind-the-scenes role in monitoring the Friday-the-13th market plunge and the following Monday 's harrowing morning session . 
Its third-quarter earnings more than doubled from a year earlier and exceeded analysts ' expectations . 
American Medical International Inc. was dropped from the health care providers industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index . 
Short interest in International Business Machines Corp. plunged to 1,425,035 shares from 2,387,226 shares a month earlier . 
If they do good credit analysis , they will avoid the hand grenades . 
He predicted the debt will be reduced by another A$ 3.8 billion this fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 , but did n't explain how this will be achieved . 
Mr. Koenig will build the corporate-finance and investment-banking business of Gruntal , which has primarily been a retail-based firm . 
A group including several members of the the Bass family of Texas urged the company to take some steps to maximize shareholder value . 
The charges in the 12-count indictment , which stem from events that allegedly occurred in late 1984 and early 1985 , involve enrollment procedures of six students and the preparation of certain reports , Wilfred said . 
The two other directors bought 1,000 and 1,900 shares , respectively , at prices between $ 28.15 a share and $ 28.75 a share , filings with the SEC show . 
But freshness counts more than it once did , and stores are expanding shelf space for unconventional , but tastier , and often pricier , apples . 
The successful launch continues a remarkable recovery in the U.S. space-science program . 
The Des Plaines , Ill. , chemical coatings concern , which has about 2,000 employees world-wide , said it plans to sell its domestic rigid container packaging and flexible adhesives businesses , and its Chicago Heights , Ill. , resin plant . 
But that is not much of a consolation to draw from the failure of General Aoun . 
Now , among Communist reformers , they are objects of envy . 
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill . 
All of the term bonds are original issue discount bonds , according to the lead underwriter . 
A genuine market for labor and wages would replace the present rigid , centralized system . 
Yesterday 's closing price of $ 101.75 , down 50 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , puts the stock at about 1 1\/2 times book value , which is as low as it has sunk over the past decade . 
He bangs on the piece of paper in frustration , then turns and walks away . 
She spent a month at an Aetna school in Gettysburg , Pa. , learning all about the construction trade , including masonry , plumbing and electrical wiring . 
But the Fed move was a small gesture , traders said . 
They noted that because the consumer price index , known as the CPI , is a more comprehensive measure of inflation and is rising less rapidly than the producer-price index , or PPI , it could signal further easing by Fed . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index rose 0.60 to 341.76 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index rose 0.71 to 320.54 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index gained 0.43 to 189.32 . 
Capcom Futures is a Chicago subsidiary of Capcom Financial Services Ltd. , a London financial firm that was implicated last year in a scheme to launder drug money . 
He has resigned his posts at Triad to take the Kansas Power positions . 
Here , they are searching for a higher price . 
EAST GERMANS RALLIED in three cities to demand democratic freedoms . 
For the nine months , Ashton-Tate had a loss of $ 27.6 million , or $ 1.05 a share . 
Nippon Signal Co . ( Japan ) -- 80 million marks of bonds with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/2 % coupon , due Nov. 9 , 1994 , and priced at par , via Commerzbank . 
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics . 
For example , if a company posted a loss of $ 100 million from buy-out interest payments , the existing rule would allow the concern to be able to receive a refund from the tax it paid from 1986 through 1989 , when it may have been a profitable public company . 
The Pale Pachyderms propelled six of 'em out of the unfriendly confines of Candlestick Park during the two games en route to 13-7 and 9-6 wins over the San Francisco Giants . 
A Mint official says the agency offered to clean the coins for its `` bare-bones '' cost of $ 17,000 plus certain other expenses . 
As the country 's new leader , Egon Krenz , prepared to travel to Moscow today for talks with Soviet leader Gorbachev , hundreds of thousands of East Germans massed in the streets of Leipzig , Halle and Schwerin to call for internal freedoms and the legalization of the New Forum opposition group . 
A revolution takes more than conference manifestos . 
Elaborating on the exception , it said volume and margins were lower in semiconductor and power systems operations . 
By 1980 , there were more than 100 such funds . 
The efforts to get to the people who are addicted , try to rehabilitate them ; if they can not be rehabilitated , at least to contain them ; to educate people , to strongly discourage use of drugs by people who are casual users and first users , to stop this process among the young -- all of these things I think are extremely important . 
Dow Jones industrials 2603.48 , up 6.76 ; transportation 1191.86 , up 1.43 ; utilities 216.74 , up 0.88 . 
The funds are in addition to $ 1.1 billion appropriated last month to assist in the recovery from Hugo , bringing the total for the two disasters to nearly $ 4 billion in unanticipated spending . 
But last month new construction in all types of homes waned , from single-family houses to large apartment complexes . 
Broader averages also fell . 
Unfortunately , he gets low grades as an investigative reporter , relying heavily on what Chicago 's late mayor , Richard J. Daley , called `` insinuendo . '' 
Mr. Price co-founded MTM in 1969 with U.S. actress Mary Tyler Moore and Grant Tinker , her then-husband . 
European portion of $ 700 million via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd . 
To confirm Mr. Guy 's identification , Sotheby 's and IFAR exchanged photos by fax , and the waiting man , apparently innocent of knowledge that the kylix was stolen , agreed to release it . 
But except for the embarrassment , British Air will emerge relatively unscathed from the flopped issue . 
ANACOMP INC. , Indianapolis , NYSE , said its Xidex Corp. unit , a Sunnyvale maker of computer disks and microfilm with annual sales of $ 637 million , had only minor damage and is fully operational . 
The bank said the increase in loan-loss provisions wo n't affect the payment of dividends . 
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told Congress that the Fed can wipe out inflation without causing a recession , but he said doing so will inflict some short-term pain and will require reducing the federal deficit sharply . 
It charged off an estimated $ 200 million of Arizona loans , leaving the unit with a reserve for future losses of $ 255 million , about 61 % of its $ 416 million of troubled loans and repossessed real estate . 
A domestic foreign exchange market would be set up as part of an overhaul of the nation 's banking system . 
Sales for electric wires and cables rose 13.2 % to 153.93 billion yen . 
Unilab Corp. , Norcross , Ga. , said it acquired the clinical laboratories of closely held Central Diagnostic Laboratory Inc. in a cash and securities transaction valued at $ 85 million . 
Mr. Lang said the former Australian owners of Sassy were `` blind-sided by the Moral Majority ... . 
It freezes the budget at its current level , and forces the Pentagon to eat the effects of inflation until 1994 . 
The study , by Susan Devesa , William Blot and Joseph Fraumeni of the institute 's staff , also shows that the incidence of lung cancer as well as the death rate declined over the decade for all groups in the 35-44 age bracket , except black men . 
In addition to selling Japanese-made photocopiers and facsimile machines in Europe and copier supplies in the U.S. , Nashua has three other major businesses : labels and tapes , data storage disks for computers and mail-order photofinishing . 
The company paid five cents a share in April . 
Net sales of bond funds for the month totaled $ 1.1 billion , down two-thirds from $ 3.1 billion in August . 
The wonder is not that the resistance has failed to topple the Kabul regime , but that it continues to exist and fight at all . 
The venture is the latest example of the trend toward cooperative projects in Europe ahead of the 1992 deadline for eliminating trade barriers within the European Community . 
Still , there is money to be made . 
The greatest contribution Congress could make at this time would be to declare that stabilizing the price level is the primary responsibility of the Federal Reserve System . 
An earthquake Oct. 17 in Northern California had caused a 10-day delay midway through the championship contest , which ended Saturday at San Francisco 's Candlestick Park . 
Wang Laboratories Inc. , Lowell , Mass. , beset by declining demand for its computers , reported a $ 62.1 million , 38-cents-a-share loss in its first quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
So glasnost is not a value woven with steel threads into the fabric of Russian society . 
So far this month , the Soviets have bought about 7.2 million metric tons of U.S. corn . 
Crane Co. said it holds an 8.9 % stake in Milton Roy Corp. , an analytical-instruments maker , and may seek control of the company . 
Obviously , it 's lost on you that about 75 % of the American people these days ( and in fact the president of the United States ) consider themselves environmentalists . 
The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P , according to the lead underwriter . 
Mr. Eisenberg was senior executive vice president and chief operating officer . 
As power and commuters returned to much of downtown San Francisco for the first time since Tuesday 's temblor in the Bay area , three strong aftershocks , one measuring 5.0 on the Richter scale , jolted the region . 
EMPLOYEE MANUALS : 
Misawa Homes was up 20 at 2,960 . 
Sony and the Guber-Peters team are hanging much of their case on Warner 's willingness last year to release the producers from another contract and on an oral agreement they say allowed them to terminate the current written contract if the opportunity to run a major studio came up . 
But it was the underlying situation that became intolerable . 
The competition is even more heated in the auto industry , where companies are racing one another in a world-wide market . 
Nearby , five temporary residents of the school shelter sit on stools , having their necks and backs kneaded by volunteer masseuses . 
Revenue rose to $ 372.1 million from $ 336.4 million . 
He noted that institutional investors showed `` pretty general '' interest in stocks in the latest session . 
Mexican officials maintain the Japanese reserve is only a result of unfamiliarity . 
The House Appropriations Committee approved a $ 2.85 billion aid package for the quake region , less than the $ 3.8 billion sought by California officials . 
In other European markets , shares closed sharply higher in Stockholm , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris and higher in Milan , Amsterdam and Brussels . 
StatesWest serves 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada . 
For instance , the most popular index option is the S&P 100 option , commonly called the OEX . 
The closed branches , in San Francisco , Hayward , Santa Clara and Santa Cruz , sustained structural damage . 
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling-related research . 
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C . 
It is payable Nov. 30 to units of record Oct. 31 . 
QUANTUM CORP. , Milpitas , manufactures rigid disc drives for small business computers , word processors , annual sales $ 120.8 million , OTC , open for business , minor structural damage . 
Earlier this month IMA , an investment group that includes Chicago 's Pritzker family and First Boston Corp. , submitted a reduced bid for American Medical after it could n't finance its initial offer . 
Avery , which continues to operate a coal company it expects to sell at a loss , said in proxy materials it intends to seek control of one or more companies . 
Last night , after meeting with Mr. Bush and administration officials at the White House , Mr. Dole proposed streamlining the fiscal 1990 deficit-reduction bill , now stalled in a House-Senate conference committee , and passing a long-term extension of the federal debt ceiling without any accompanying amendments . 
It was agreed at the outset of the Washington Drug Initiative that the FBI 's role would be to continue targeting the major drug traffickers through our National Drug Strategy . 
The software company said revenue slid 28 % to $ 53.9 million . 
Congress has decided to raise $ 40 million by charging companies $ 20,000 for the honor of filing the required papers under the Hart-Scott-Rodino law . 
Consider the difficulties faced by Audi salespeople when the car was tainted by false charges of sudden acceleration , or Exxon dealers ' problems in the wake of the Valdez oil spill . 
In fact , the current weakness in auto buying and department-store sales and the gradual upturn in the household saving rate suggest that consumers , conservative as ever , are already clutching their purses a bit more tightly . 
Finding God 
The solicitation material indicates that donations will go toward a campaign alerting and informing the public about some health or other issue . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered by Prudential-Bache Capital Funding Inc . 
China 's last big import binge sent reserves tumbling to $ 10.6 billion in June 1985 from $ 16.6 billion the previous September . 
`` If the stock market tremors are behind us , then the bond market will go back to looking at the next batch of economic numbers to determine '' where interest rates are heading . 
'' Mr. Sohmer confesses that it was partly in response to such attitudes that he is now `` a dweller on one of the two islands off the coast of America . '' 
`` The outlook has deteriorated since the summer , with orders and employment falling and output at a standstill , '' said David Wigglesworth , chairman of the industry group 's economic committee . 
McDonald 's Mr. Millis said Goodyear appeared to have held or gained some market share in the U.S. for the first time since the second quarter of 1988 . 
The labels were breathy : `` Within its sheltering walls is a microcosm of a thousand years in garden design ... a rose garden , herb garden , serpentine garden , flower fields , an apple orchard ... organized in a patchwork of 50-by-50-foot squares to form ` rooms ' ... here and there are simple architectural forms , a whimsical jet of water , a conceit of topiary or tartan plaid , and chairs of every sort to drag around ... . 
They add that it is n't costing KKR anything to give up equity because of its big up-front cash profit on the buy-out , which they think contributed to SCI TV 's current problems . 
The business closed when the owner was murdered by robbers . 
`` Business has never been this tough before . 
Staff lawyers for both sides were busy agreeing with one another about what the U.S. could not do to oust the Panamanian thug . 
One source familiar with the airline said , however , that Mr. Corr was n't informed in advance during the summer when Mr. Lorenzo began discussions with potential buyers . 
He may sell more shares in the open market or in private transactions , but would n't rule out changing his intentions and buying shares , the filing said . 
Mr. Dave , its head , acts cheery and patient , but he makes no bones about the need to get to work . 
When I asked American Airlines for its side of the story for use in my MBA class , where I teach business ethics , it did not respond . 
Under government regulations , however , foreign ownership of Picop 's equity is limited to 40 % . 
Says one West German official : `` What 's necessary now is the process of democratization . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
The jury found them guilty of conspiracy in obtaining the payments , some of which were disguised as fees for consulting services from Mrs. Garcia . 
`` Attention is fixed on the stock market for lack of anything else to sink our teeth into , '' said Robert White , a vice president at First Interstate of California . 
And pressure by big investors forced Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. to sweeten Chicago & North Western 's $ 475 million junk bond offering . 
Mr. King is the director of the Foreign Press Center in New York . 
`` It will be very expensive , '' the spokesman warned . 
Reports of an economy near recession come as officials prepare a major Communist Party plenum for sometime in the next few weeks . 
Some economists found the mixture ominous . 
Such skills allow riders to fly down treacherous mountain grades at speeds of up to 40 miles an hour -- a thrill for the cyclist but a nightmare for unsuspecting hikers or equestrians . 
The $ 1.4 billion robot spacecraft 's exploratory mission is to take six years . 
`` The stocks that have been the best are having big pullbacks , and the ones that have been the worst are getting clobbered , '' Mr. Mills said . 
And it is how African-Americans and other minority groups were guaranteed their equal rights as citizens in this nation . 
The chief economist of Merrill Lynch & Co. finds himself in such a position as he buzzes the Midwest on his first road trip since backpedaling on a major prediction . 
In that time more than 1.2 million jobs have been created and the official jobless rate has been pushed below 17 % from 21 % . 
The consultants had been working to finish a report this week . 
Over at Conradies , the general store , a black stock boy scurries to help an elderly white woman with her packages . 
The company said recently it expects third-quarter earnings will be in range from $ 1.3 million to $ 1.7 million , or 14 cents to 18 cents a share , compared with $ 326,000 , or four cents a share , a year ago . 
The two lawmakers sparred in a highly personal fashion , violating usual Senate decorum . 
More broadly , he wants to `` modernize '' regulation by eliminating barriers between commercial and investment banking and by helping U.S. financial firms compete in the global market . 
-- Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows . 
For more than a decade , banks have been pressing Congress and banking regulators for expanded powers to act like securities firms in playing Wall Street 's lucrative takeover game , from giving mergers advice all the way to selling and trading high-yield junk bonds . 
Other conservatives thought to be on the administration 's short list include Washington lawyer Michael Uhlmann , who was passed over for the No. 2 job at the Justice Department , and Marshall Breger , chairman of a U.S. agency on administration . 
`` People these days want something else to do besides ski and sit in the bar , '' says Don Borgeson , executive director of Angel Fire , N.M. 's Chamber of Commerce . 
Conspicuous by its absence is California . 
Almost all have involved at least half and often the firm 's entire portfolio , as the computer searches for the most undervalued investment category , following a money-management style called tactical asset allocation . 
`` This was an invisible , powerful force that 's almost impossible for a layman to contemplate , '' Mr. Warren says solemnly as the ghostbusting entourage packs up to leave . 
THE IRS may taketh what the Labor Department giveth . 
`` Someone must monitor where the funds are deployed , '' says Mr. Dave . 
Periodically , there has even been talk of mergers between one or more exchanges . 
Their `` secret '' is that they gather a small group of advisers around them , listen to what they have to say , prepare a business plan and they are on their way . 
Integrated made its announcement after the market closed . 
Japan 's Big Four securities firms posted first-half unconsolidated results that mirrored softer performance as a result of slower turnover on the Tokyo Stock Exchange during July and August . 
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics . 
Deutsche Bank has actively sought a French acquisition for at least two years . 
Under the previous plan , British Air would have received a 15 % stake in UAL in exchange for a $ 750 million equity investment , with a 75 % stake going to UAL employees and 10 % to UAL management . 
Because a purchaser can use an FHA loan to finance all points and closing costs , the FHA can wind up lending more than a house is worth . 
Convertible debentures -- bonds that can later be converted into equity shares -- are the most popular instrument this year , though many companies are also selling nonconvertible bonds or equity shares . 
4 . Make your due-process system visible . 
The amalgamations are subject to regulatory approval and require approval by shareholders of ABM , Inca , United and Neptune at special meetings on Nov. 10 . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
The committee also has summoned Mr. Wall 's predecessor , Edwin Gray . 
But it 's like falling off a horse and getting back on . '' 
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms . 
The NASD , which operates the Nasdaq computer system on which 5,200 OTC issues trade , compiles short interest data in two categories : the approximately two-thirds , and generally biggest , Nasdaq stocks that trade on the National Market System ; and the one-third , and generally smaller , Nasdaq stocks that are n't a part of the system . 
`` There was a general feeling that we 'd seen the worst , '' said Patrick Foley , deputy chief economic adviser for Lloyds Bank in London . 
Sales of electrical devices rose 13 % to 283.8 billion yen from 251.8 billion yen . 
Officials in East Berlin , responding to complaints from opposition groups , admitted police used excessive force in dispersing protesters this month . 
Sex scandals make people look careless and silly , and one of the worst sins in Washington is to be laughed at . 
The ritzy world of department-store cosmetics retailing , where Unilever is concentrating its efforts , may prove even more treacherous . 
The stock had hit a high of $ 81 a share early last week but collapsed to $ 73.50 in the Friday stock plunge . 
A shareholders ' accord would provide the first restitution to thousands of individuals and institutions claiming losses as a result of insider trading by Boesky & Co. , once the largest arbitrage fund in the U.S. . 
`` We are working significantly longer and harder than has been the case in the past , '' says Scott C. Newquist , Kidder 's head of investment banking since June . 
NO MORE STUBBED toes or bruised shins , promises Geste Corp. of Goshen , Ind. , the designer of a bed support to replace traditional frames . 
Prices closed mixed as contracts reacted to largely offsetting bullish and bearish news . 
`` I do n't think he has a clear sense of where he wants the company to go , '' one says . 
Merrill Lynch and Prudential-Bache Securities both lowered the stock 's investment rating immediately after the results were issued Friday , according to PIR . 
Allstate is expected to absorb another big hit in the fourth quarter as claims pour in from the San Francisco earthquake . 
`` There are too many people participating , '' says Al Ries , of Trout & Ries , a Greenwich , Conn. , marketing consulting firm . 
The electronics-instruments maker is to be acquired by Asset Management Associates for $ 7.25 a share . 
Aside from the Soviet economic plight and talks on cutting strategic and chemical arms , one other issue the Soviets are likely to want to raise is naval force reductions . 
`` There 's no feed , '' he says . 
The great collectors we depended on , such as Paul Mellon or Norton Simon , have stopped buying , and the new buyers are brilliant men who made money in the stock market or in takeovers and rushed into collecting ... . '' 
The response rate , more than 63 % , allows the results to be interpreted with a high degree of confidence . 
The IL-4 receptor on the surface of such cells receives the hormone 's message to rally the body 's defense . 
The executives face five to 15 years in prison and fines of $ 5,000 or double the profit made by failing to comply with the rules . 
The balance of short positions outstanding fell 159.7 billion yen , to 779.8 billion yen . 
By Wednesday , frustrated Belgian brokers reopened the market by using the time-honored method of quoting stocks with chalk on a blackboard . 
But there did seem to be a retail activity pickup . 
Hitachi charges Motorola `` has engaged in fraudulent and inequitable conduct in the procurement of certain Motorola patents '' used in Motorola 's MC68030 microprocessor chip . 
The Port of Houston closed its terminal for handling bulk cargo . 
What seemed like a good idea , to cast the Bridges brothers ( Jeff and Beau ) as the Baker brothers , actually turned out to be a good idea . 
9.80 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
At BellSouth , based in Atlanta , customer access lines grew by 162,000 , or 3.5 % , during the 12-month period ended Sept . 
But margins will be helped , too , by some other cost-saving steps . 
In light of the poor results recently , he says , the agency is adopting an `` attitude of flexibility . '' 
But most U.S. insurers have n't rushed to change the way they do business in Europe because they believe the European market will still be dominated by a handful of domestic companies . 
In addition , Hunter said it will use proceeds from a private placement of $ 8 million of preferred shares to purchase an interest in a start-up company to underwrite environmental impairment insurance . 
Maidenform says it is very profitable but declines to provide specifics . 
Among those are the 1,850 acres in the San Francisco Bay area , including 208 acres in the Mission Bay area . 
You can drive piles on it and build on it . '' 
In January , American Medical brought in a new chief executive officer , Richard A. Gilleland , 45 , who will remain as chairman , president and chief executive . 
Earlier this year , Cordis , a maker of medical devices , agreed to plead guilty to felony and misdemeanor charges related to the pacemakers and to pay the government about $ 5.7 million in fines and other costs . 
It 's simply the right time to do what we are doing , '' Mr. Lipstein said . 
Almost all capital-improvement programs announced by major steelmakers within the past year involve building electrogalvanizing lines , used to produce steel for such products as household appliances and car doors . 
They tried to put Mr. Maynard out of business by an act of Congress . 
`` It 's a real face-to-face arm wrestling challenge to Congress . '' 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
Mechanized vacuum cleaners probe the sand like giant anteaters ; a whirring ferris wheellike excavator , with buckets instead of seats , chews through layers of compacted sand ; tracks and conveyor belts , shuttling sand to the screening plants , criss-cross the beach . 
That has n't deterred plenty of companies . 
Twenty-five years later , the Voting Rights Act has been transformed by the courts and the Justice Department into a program of racial gerrymandering designed to increase the number of blacks and other minorities -- Hispanics , Asians and native Americans -- holding elective office . 
Kidder denied that GE 's chairman and chief executive , John F. Welch , had anything to do with Kidder 's decision . 
So far as we can see , there is no disagreement among Mr. Baker , Mr. Quayle , the Mr. Gates we 've read , or for that matter President Bush . 
So far , though , Mr. Lesko has received only one entry . 
Efforts by the Hong Kong Futures Exchange to introduce a new interest-rate futures contract continue to hit snags , despite the support the proposed instrument enjoys in the colony 's financial community . 
It controls about 35 % of the affluent Marin County market across the Golden Gate bridge from San Francisco . 
The indirectness of his later work reflects both an appetite for new genres and the hazards of art in the Arab world . 
Questions like that really stir up Marshall 's ghost . 
Chemical said deposits Monday were about $ 5 million higher than usual and it expects more activity as investors receive the proceeds from sales of stock . 
An average 102.5 million common shares were outstanding in the latest quarter , up from 87.1 million . 
Dr. Marston , 66 years old , succeeds Alexander T. Daignault , 72 , who did n't stand for re-election due to mandatory board retirement policy . 
On Friday , the stock-index futures market was unhinged from the stock market when the Chicago Mercantile Exchange halted trading in Standard & Poor 's 500 futures contract -- a `` circuit breaker '' procedure instituted after the 1987 crash and implemented for the first time . 
Both Unocal and Burlington had been seen as potential targets for a British Petroleum bid . 
And , by the end of that week , the key federal funds interest rate , which is largely controlled by the Fed , had settled at 8.75 % , barely changed from the level of just under 9 % that prevailed the previous week . 
But it wo n't be a boom again . 
Yesterday 's rally in the stock , futures and options markets led CBOE and Amex officials to conclude that the $ 50 million in guarantees almost certainly wo n't need to be tapped by First Options . 
Called Otto 's Original Oat Bran Beer , the brew costs about $ 12.75 a case . 
The issue 's smooth absorption eased fears that supply would overwhelm demand in coming sessions , traders said . 
In asset terms , Mitsubishi Estate is the largest real estate firm in Japan . 
Angel Gurria , Mexico 's top debt negotiator , said the country 's creditor banks are responding positively to Mexico 's debt-reduction package . 
As a result , many youngsters have been unable to obtain the drug and , for the few exceptions , insurance carriers wo n't cover its cost of $ 6,400 a year . 
London shares rallied to post strong gains after initial fears evaporated that the California earthquake would depress Wall Street prices . 
People familiar with the company say the board is n't likely to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion buy-out bid that collapsed last week after banks would n't raise needed loans and after a key partner , British Airways PLC , dropped out . 
Bolinas -- astride the San Andreas Fault . 
On Wednesday , shares were pushed up by index-related buying on the part of investment trusts as well as small orders from individuals and corporations , traders said . 
The office , an arm of the Treasury , said it does n't have data on the financial position of applicants and thus ca n't determine why blacks are rejected more often . 
Avondale Industries Inc. , New Orleans , received a $ 23 million contract from the Navy to enlarge by 50 % the capacity of an auxiliary oiler . 
In the 1988 quarter , the bank earned $ 1.1 million . 
An Eastern spokesman said `` the $ 40 million will have no effect whatsoever on the asset structure of Eastern 's plan . 
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad . 
Indeed , skepticism was amply captured by a joke told by Poles at the conference : `` The world must be coming to an end . 
Amid charges of `` timidity '' on Panama and elsewhere , the president was n't about to offend his most energetic constituency . 
Rep. Oakar , a Democrat from Cleveland , wants a $ 6.9 million grant so Cleveland can build an 18-story Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . 
( It is , however , possible , that further study will reveal increasing bias . ) 
The sale , which had been expected , is part of KKR 's program to pay down $ 5 billion of a $ 6 billion bridge loan by February . 
Or political arrangements `` to alleviate the grievances and demands of Soviet ethnic minorities and republics . '' 
Or he might have to incur a huge expense of either buying Mr. Icahn 's stock , possibly at a premium , or paying stockholders a special dividend partly because of Mr. Icahn 's pressure . 
They continued to represent that to the board , '' said Mr. Lloyd . 
He said Rorer will spend $ 15 million to $ 20 million more on Maalox advertising and promotion in the second half of 1989 than in the year-earlier period . 
Plans to dissolve many of the trade barriers within Europe in 1992 creates significant opportunities for the company , he said , particularly since Western Digital already manufactures there . 
A key marketing target for Digital will be the large number of big customers who already own both Digital and IBM systems . 
Amcore , also a bank holding company , has assets of $ 1.06 billion . 
I am waiting . 
Stephen A. Wynn , who owns 29.4 % of Golden Nugget 's shares , says the Mirage and other projects will help Las Vegas attract a whole new generation of visitors . 
The producers include Shell Canada Ltd. , a unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group ; Esso Resources Canada Ltd. , a unit of Imperial Oil Ltd. , which is 71%-owned by Exxon Corp. ; and Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. , a unit of Olympia & York Developments Ltd . 
And we certainly do not believe that Mr. Gorbachev or any of his emissaries yet deserve to have the West take their word for it . 
Trinova third-quarter loss after a charge for a planned restructuring , which will include the closing or downsizing of about 25 % of its plants and a work force cut of about 1,500 over three years . 
It jumped 7.5 Monday . 
Eagle , now called Eagle-Berol , remains a leading company among the 10 in the U.S. that produced about 2.3 billion pencils last year , according to the Pencil Makers Association . 
The ratings service said the downgrades reflect the continued slide in the company 's financial condition . 
More enemies to be dealt with . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Homestake closed at $ 15.25 , down 25 cents . 
He probably did n't penetrate any top-secret files , but the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates , Peter Carl and Dirk Brezinski , $ 15,000 for some of the material Hess collected . 
The high court 's action , refusing to hear appeals by several drug companies , is likely to have a significant impact at several levels . 
In return , the Senate panel has dropped efforts to enact legislation requiring the administration to inform it within 48 hours of the launching of any covert activity . 
Does the Journal really believe that people ignore the prospect of having a substantial part of their capital confiscated when they decide whether to save or how to invest ? 
MCA Inc. said its toy-making unit agreed to buy Buddy L Corp. , producer of a line of toy vehicles and preschool products . 
But Mr. Rose is still looking seriously at the 9000 . 
Bankers say , however , that the government may have difficulty selling the institution even without a floor price . 
Net sales for this year 's third quarter were $ 14 million , down from $ 21.4 million last year . 
Floor traders also said that the market could have been helped by rumors , which have been circulating for the past two days , about China purchasing cotton . 
`` If you want the presidency of the company , this is n't the firm to work for , '' says James Mogan , 45 , who was named senior vice president of sales , assuming some of the responsibilities of Mr. Lesk . 
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks . 
In his letter to Knight-Ridder President James K. Batten , Mr. McMaster said he arrived at the $ 68 million figure using Knight-Ridder 's corporate financial statements and comments by Knight-Ridder officials that the Free Press has a $ 50 million value in salvage . 
The House Ethics Committee officially cited Rep. Jim Bates ( D. , Calif . ) for sexually harassing two female employees , but did n't recommend formal disciplinary action . 
They accounted for a hefty 16 % of New York Stock Exchange volume Monday , the fourth busiest session ever . 
But MCI , of Washington , was displeased with the FCC decision concerning Tariff 12 , arguing that `` AT&T can not be allowed to flaunt FCC rules . '' 
In response to the study , the FAA says it is considering changing its policy -- or lack of it -- on flight attendants . 
`` But they have n't yet drawn the operational policy conclusions . '' 
Greenville , Miss . 
Last month , Saab-Scania Chief Executive Georg Karnsund said his company has had talks with Fiat about a broader alliance . 
Two gunmen entered a Maryland restaurant , ordered two employees to lie on the floor and shot them in the backs of their heads . 
The elections will be held in different states on one of the two days . 
I find it troubling . '' 
Noting that equity funds are up nearly 60 % from their post-crash low on Dec. 3 , 1987 , he said that what happened last week `` may not be enough of an adjustment . 
Exchange officials also point out that Hibor futures were designed for institutions and corporations , not for the type of small individual investors who were very active in Hang Seng index futures and defaulted in the 1987 crash . 
The Soviet foreign minister publicly concedes that his government `` violated norms of behavior '' in Afghanistan and just plain lied about the radar station . 
`` It made our New Year , '' says Mr. Quinlan . 
But success overseas in unfamiliar markets could be trickier than for other industries such as manufacturers . 
To push through a sales tax increase , however , the state will have to suspend the Gann limit , citing an emergency . 
When he was through , the court members asked many questions , then the chairman said they would like to hear his manager 's side and talk to witnesses . 
But nearly 3 1\/2 years later , Merrill says the investment is worth about $ 43,000 -- an amount that represents an annual return of just over 2 % on Dr. Blumenfeld 's $ 40,000 . 
`` It was a powerful point in my career , '' says the 31-year-old Mr. MacInnis , who has since taken out a $ 1 million liability policy for his business . 
Anheuser , the world 's largest brewer and U.S. market leader , has historically been reluctant to engage in price-cutting as a means of boosting sales volume . 
You know who you are . 
That would leave USX with Marathon , its steel mills and its diversified business segment , which includes , among other things , mineral and transportation products . 
The unit is a loosely constructed group of about 3,900 independent brokers and financial planners who sell insurance , annuities , limited partnerships , mutual funds and other investments for Integrated and other firms . 
This is the commercial version . 
The dollar posted gains in quiet trading as concerns about equities abated . 
For the nine months , HomeFed earned $ 82.5 million , or $ 3.52 a fully diluted share , a 4.3 % increase from year-earlier net income of $ 79.1 million , or $ 3.43 a fully diluted share . 
In 1987 , USAir Chairman Edwin Colodny stonewalled when Trans World Airlines Chairman Carl Icahn threatened to take over the carrier . 
Computer Associates International Inc. reported earnings for the second quarter , ended Sept. 30 , plummeted 66 % , primarily because of the acquisition of Cullinet Software Inc . 
Japanese auto makers , for example , are increasing their production capacity in the U.S. ; the additional production should , in part , replace imported vehicles with locally manufactured ones . 
By Wednesday , the outstanding October contracts amounted to 8,524 , representing about $ 1.13 billion in stock , noted Donald Selkin , head of stock-index futures research at Prudential-Bache Securities , who expects a volatile expiration today . 
And because general retail centers such as ComputerLand have little presence in Japan , sales remain in the iron grip of established computer makers . 
Sales in the category that includes pharmaceuticals , amino acids and chemicals rose 4.7 % . 
`` Here in south Texas we say Tie-vole-ee , '' my host gently corrects . 
The ground along the Embarcadero the street that skirts the city 's eastern boundary and piers -- dropped six inches after the quake , wreaking major damage to at least one of the piers . 
The Brookings and Urban Institute authors caution , however , that most nursing home stays are of comparatively short duration , and reaching the Medicaid level is more likely with an unusually long stay or repeated stays . 
But such caution is no guarantee against mistakes . 
Moreover , both sides may face political critics . 
Still , congressional aides say penalty reform is a strong candidate for enactment , even if not this time around , although some provisions may be modified . 
It is Mr. Paul 's art venture , however , that has drawn the most attention from investors and regulators , not to mention galleries throughout the world . 
When the pilots refused , the company retracted it . 
Alan Reynolds of Polyconomics adds his suspicion that the unrecognized inflationary culprit is the budget surplus . 
The offering will be dated Oct. 31 and mature Oct. 31 , 
If the Paribas bid succeeds , it will be the second time in two months a big French investment banking group has snapped up an insurance group . 
And telephone or videotape depositions just do n't match physical encounters . 
At one point , he asked a worker whether he thought East Germans were fleeing the country because of restrictive travel policies . 
Unable to stop his accelerating descent , he crashes . 
`` That 's always looking back , '' she said . 
FORD MOTOR CO. , Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker , annual sales of $ 92.4 billion , NYSE , said its three Ford Aerospace unit facilities in the Bay area , including a satellite-assembly operation in Palo Alto , had no major damage . 
Out here on the Querecho Plains of New Mexico , however , the mood is more upbeat ; trucks rumble along the dusty roads and burly men in hard hats sweat and swear through the afternoon sun . 
They are what they are . 
COOPERATION WANES on weapons development between the U.S. and Europe . 
They 're trying to plug the various loopholes , but they 're totally unprepared for this . '' 
The usual maneuver is to borrow against the portfolio value or issue preferred stock , using the proceeds to buy additional bonds . 
Analysts and competitors said the move reflects a growing need by the stores to expand their customer base beyond the traditional blue-collar worker who pops into a convenience store for a sandwich , cigarettes , soda or beer . 
Since then , UAL stock has fallen 33 % in what may rank as the largest collapse of a takeover stock ever . 
This is raising eyebrows . 
Electronic gimmicks are key . 
After a few weeks in seclusion , Mr. Mack opened a consulting firm , but not to enable him to directly lobby ; that would require him to disclose his clients by registering as a lobbyist . 
One of the best movies about the child-parent thing in recent years was `` Raising Arizona , '' the 1987 Coen brothers ' comedy that definitely was not about the folks next door . 
A Coors spokesman said the company does n't believe the move will further increase William Coors 's influence or reduce the influence of Jeffrey Coors , Peter Coors or Joseph Coors Jr. , who run the company 's three operating units . 
The tumor , he suggested , developed when the second , normal copy also was damaged . 
About 140 salaried management jobs and hundreds of hourly wage positions have been eliminated . 
The shares will be priced in early November , she said . 
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market . 
It is based on the stocks that make up Standard & Poor 's 100-stock index . 
Elsewhere , prices of investment-grade and high-risk , high-yield junk bonds ended unchanged . 
Also unlike Mr. Ruder , Mr. Breeden appears to be in a position to get somewhere with his agenda . 
They effectively lead team efforts to reduce cycle time . 
Rail-transit operations suffered little damage , according to Albert Engelken , deputy executive director of the American Public Transit Association in Washington . 
A TVS spokesman said he did n't know Mr. Price 's plans . 
( The press had a field day with questions about what would happen to `` six-footer , '' `` yardstick '' and `` inchworm . '' ) 
More than half the domestic drilling now under way is for gas , partly on the assumption that demand will rise for a fuel that is cleaner to burn than either oil or coal . 
Trinova Corp. said it will resume buying back as many as three million of its common shares under a program announced two years ago . 
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing . 
Honda Motor Co. , which continues to have short supplies of domestically made Accords , saw its sales of North American-built cars fall 14.1 % to 8,355 . 
Last year catastrophe losses totaled $ 5 million , when net was $ 235.5 million , or $ 2.07 a share . 
Net also was aided by a gain on the sale of the company 's equity interests in South Africa effective Sept. 1 . 
The company said it will move the storage and cross-blending operations to a site 23 miles northeast of Las Vegas to distance the operations from residential areas . 
P&G , in particular , rarely rolls out a product nationally before extensive test-marketing . 
In an unusually direct statement , the bureau spokesman recommended that state banks extend more credit to shopkeepers so that they can purchase manufacturers ' goods . 
Donald Trump , who faced rising doubt about his bid for American Airlines parent AMR Corp. even before a United Airlines buy-out came apart Friday , withdrew his $ 7.54 billion offer . 
But , they say , people should n't try to be traders , who buy and sell in an effort to ride the latest economic trend or catch the next hot stock . 
Mr. Montgoris said the firm has a `` straight mathematical formula '' for determining compensation , based on the firm 's earnings . 
If you find sound , healthy companies in Japan , they are not for sale , '' said George Watanabe , a management-consultant at Tokyo-based Asia Advisory Services Inc . 
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia-Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable . 
Frank Gilmartin , a trader who follows insurance stocks for Fox-Pitt Kelton , said his strategy was to sell early . 
Wang got into financial trouble because of bloated overhead and overly optimistic sales forecasts . 
Producers Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer , who shepherded `` Flashdance '' through several scripts and ultimately produced the movie , bristle when Messrs. Guber and Peters take credit for the film . 
Indeed , the government is taking a calculated risk . 
`` I think we 're making progress . '' 
To the extent that Democratic legislators from the South have held a disproportionate share of power in Congress since 1932 and have been able to translate such clout into relatively more local benefits for their respective constituencies , voters in the South have had an especially strong incentive to keep such Democrats in office . 
In more evidence of the growing division between `` good '' and `` bad '' junk bonds , a $ 150 million issue by Imo Industries Inc. was snapped up by investors while underwriters for Beatrice Co. 's $ 350 million issue are considering restructuring the deal to attract buyers . 
As of March 31 , the Daiwa group had shareholder equity of 801.21 billion yen ( $ 5.64 billion ) . 
Saudi Arabia , OPEC 's kingpin , also has surfaced as a possible obstacle , some OPEC sources said . 
He says the department now has 75 openings and wants to hire 625 civil engineers over the next 15 months . 
But as advertisers latch onto disasters with increasing frequency , they risk hurting themselves as much as helping the cause . 
But CBS 's costs are huge , and the risks go up with each new sports package that CBS locks up . 
The judge now says it was `` unfortunate '' that he chose to write the letter but says `` there was certainly no intent to extort there . '' 
Cathay officials decline to comment on the speculation . 
`` About one-third of the fatality increase is attributed to greater travel , and about two-thirds is attributed to other factors { primarily to greater speed } , '' according to NHTSA . 
Darman now blames the clash on miscommunication , but House GOP leader Michel , who carried the offer to him , observes , `` I was speaking English at the time , and quite loud so I could be understood . '' 
It is expected that GE Capital Corp. , a financial-services subsidiary of General Electric Co. , will provide much of the funding for the proposed leveraged buy-out of Merksamer , based in Sacramento , Calif . 
Shares of Lone Star Industries Inc. , a cement maker , rose sharply in anticipation of stepped-up demand . 
Unisys Corp. 's announcement Friday of a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter showed that the company is moving even faster than expected to take write-offs on its various problems and prepare for a turnaround next year . 
Nevertheless , the 1989 deficit still exceeded the $ 136 billion target set by the Gramm-Rudman deficit-reduction law by $ 16 billion , a reminder of that law 's shortcomings . 
Last month , program trading accounted for 20.9 million shares a day , or a record 13.8 % of the Big Board 's average daily volume . 
And in a business system where shareholders have few rights and expect only modest dividends , companies can plow their profits back into plant and equipment . 
The loss in the fourth quarter of 1988 reflected in part expenses for an unsuccessful bid for Federated Department Stores Inc. , as well as the restructuring of some of its department store operations . 
In major market activity : 
Corporations need liquidity , in the form of borrowed funds . 
Mr. Werner , 58 , was formerly senior executive vice president of the parent company and the unit . 
Northeast Utilities boosted its offer to acquire the company by $ 400 million , to $ 2.25 billion . 
It compares the position of key words in the story ; words in the headline or first paragraph get a higher value . 
Yet even these insulting caricatures are not as bad as the moral hypocrisy at the heart of `` Settle the Score . '' 
Exchange officials reasoned that they would n't have been able to make such a rotation with the time remaining Friday afternoon , and with the stock-index futures on the verge of closing for a second and final time , the CBOE reasoned that its best course was to remain closed . 
The triple-A-rated issue offered a yield of only about 0.5 percentage point above four-year Treasury issues . 
Excluding transportation items , orders rose 1.8 % . 
Princeton\/Newport investors , including McKinsey & Co. and the Harvard endowment , made the rational decision to withdraw their money ; for the firm , the liquidation was sentence first , verdict later . 
`` There were no { sell } lists and the calendar is lightening up a bit . 
According to Mr. Nixon 's office , `` This is solely a fact-finding trip . 
Rally 's , a fast-food chain based in Louisville , Ky. , is contending that Mr. Sugarman and two other company directors failed to disclose to the Securities and Exchange Commission that they intended to acquire a big Rally stake . 
The prepaid plans may be a good bet , provided the guarantee of future tuition is secure . 
`` And short-term , the technicians may have their way . '' 
John S. Reidy , an analyst for Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , said , `` The Times faces the same problem of other publishers : linage is down . 
Of course , this kind of blatant congressional pork-barreling is called `` constituent service '' by Members , while the same kind of noncompetitive favoritism at HUD is labeled `` influence peddling . '' 
Even if that scenario occurs , Westinghouse figures it is prepared . 
An early battleground was the U.S. Department of Agriculture . 
Mr. Lesko figured he would be flooded with entries by now . 
`` I felt betrayed , '' he later said . 
The court left open whether FERC could reimpose a new deadline later . 
Two of the directors resigned , Mr. Skase said , so the payments have n't yet been approved . 
The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates . 
A minor bureaucrat dies suddenly , dooming his family to poverty and eventual disgrace . 
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit-cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic-illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee-benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill . 
Defense lawyers , perhaps understandably , say that plaintiffs ' lawyers taking such an approach will have little success in pursuing their claims , though they add that the facts of each case must be looked at individually . 
One early user , David Semmel , a Chicago venture capitalist and investor in Desktop Data , says he uses it to track takeover developments . 
Still , employees do occasionally try to smuggle out a gem or two . 
In Greenwich , Conn. , Lone Star spokesman Michael London says , `` Obviously with an earthquake of this size , there are likely to be construction projects that would n't otherwise have been anticipated . 
For there is an emerging protocol -- indeed , an etiquette -- to it . 
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors . 
There was speculation that the supply was coming from a commercial bank 's portfolios . 
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade-off ... . 
But Mr. Runkel said the government is n't `` backing off on these kinds of matters at all . 
The trade group 's compilation of Commerce Department data showed that August imports , the second largest monthly total of the year , were up 5 % from July 's 1,458,000 tons but below last year 's high of 1,979,000 tons in June 1988 . 
At least two years ago , the company put 60 million barrels of oil reserves on the block . 
Seita is a partner in the project , which was developed by Matra SA using Japanese technology . 
It is nice for teachers to think they are engaged in `` personality development '' and even nicer to minimize those irksome tests with often disappointing results . 
Not a gripping question , unless you 're the pastry chef of this city 's Chez Panisse restaurant and you 've just lost your priceless personal dessert notebook . 
A side porch was ripped away . 
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro said its potential losses from lending to Iraq could reach 1.175 trillion lire ( $ 872 million ) , marking the bank 's first quantification of potential costs of unauthorized lending by its Atlanta branch . 
Officials familiar with the meeting said Mr. Bush cited the policy as an example of the sort of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of such covert actions as this month 's futile effort to oust Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega . 
Some analysts add that third-party pressures to reduce health costs will continue to bedevil companies ' bottom lines . 
`` The situation you want to avoid is having somebody not save anything and hope they 'll be able to do it out of current income , '' he says . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % two months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
In addition , Northeast promised the State of New Hampshire that rate increases would be limited to 5.5 % annually for seven years . 
`` It 's very difficult to model the long-term impact of this , '' says Andrew Goldberg , who studies the public-policy and crisis-management aspects of earthquakes at the Center for Strategic International Studies in Washington , D.C . 
But in Mr. Sohmer 's Ozarks , he is but the tip of the patriarchal iceberg . 
`` One reason they use Newport Beach is that it sounds swankier than most addresses , '' says David Katz , a U.S. attorney who , until recently , headed a multi-agency Southern California fraud task force . 
The average yield on the bills was 7.35 % , down from 7.61 % at the previous 52-week bill auction Sept. 21 . 
Inefficient-Market Fund Inc. , initial offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
`` You have to be born with it . 
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . '' 
Mr. Glazier discovered that the Founders had worried that Congress might take the President out of the loop . 
Short selling is n't necessarily bad for the overall market . 
Gold and silver broker Preston Semel asked a federal court to halt the Commodity Exchange from imposing a record $ 550,000 fine on his firm . 
Industry analysts speculated that Mr. Price 's sudden departure may have stemmed from conflicts with Mr. Gatward . 
Cilcorp said the businesses to be acquired had revenue of $ 76 million for the year ended March 31 . 
Campeau , owner of such retailers as Bloomingdale 's , Bon Marche , and Jordan Marsh , sidestepped financial collapse last month after an emergency $ 250 million loan from Olympia & York Developments Ltd. , a Canadian developer and a major shareholder in Campeau . 
Big Board short interest fell 4.2 % for the month ended Oct. 13 , the second decline in a row . 
During World War II , her uncomplicated view of life led her to the conclusion that the Nazis were evil and must be resisted , a decision made by only about 2 % of French citizens . 
Prices of European government bonds also rose as U.S. stocks declined . 
Fees 2 . 
He noted that the equity markets will set the tone for the industrial metals this week and traders should keep an eye on Wall Street . 
Industry officials say the Bay Bridge -- unlike some bridges -- has no earthquake coverage , either , so the cost of repairing it probably would have to be paid out of state general operating funds . 
Peasants in Inner Mongolia have partly dismantled a 20-mile section of China 's famed Great Wall , the official People 's Daily said . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
`` I was never sure Donald Trump really wanted to take AMR , '' said John Mattis , a bond analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Neither technique is perfect , but both are better than the current system , which misstates the costs of new credit programs by amounts that vary substantially and average about $ 20 billion annually , according to the Congressional Budget Office . 
The application by Foothills , owned by Calgary-based Nova Corp. of Alberta and Westcoast Energy Inc. of Vancouver , Canada , is expected to kick off what could be a contentious battle for the right to transport vast quantities of gas to southern markets from still-undeveloped fields in Canada 's Mackenzie River delta . 
Also , at any of Sotheby 's auctions of old masters , roughly one-third to one-fifth of what is offered does n't sell at any price . 
The dollar rose against the Swiss and French francs . 
Mr. Sheridan , who had been expecting quarter profit of about $ 1.25 a share , says he is reducing his estimate for the year to the area of $ 5.70 a share , from his previous estimate of $ 6.10 . 
`` The loss is in line with our expectations , '' said John C. Maxwell III , an analyst with Dillon , Read & Co. in New York . 
Marni Rice plays the maid with so much edge as to steal her two scenes . 
Conner is supplying hard-disk drives for the machine , which weighs only six pounds and fits in a briefcase . 
( About 7.5 % of Picop is publicly traded and other shareholders own the rest of the equity . ) 
There are $ 15,845,000 of 7 3\/8 % bonds priced at par and due 2004 ; $ 22,985,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2009 ; and $ 82.6 million of 7.60 % bonds priced at par and due 2019 . 
A case in point : `` government-plus '' bond funds . 
Last year , the team ended up $ 2 million in the red on $ 30 million in revenue . 
`` The range of expectations is so broad , '' a dealer at another major U.K. brokerage firm said , `` the deficit may have to be nearer or above # 2 billion for it to have any impact on the market . '' 
The only significant commercial banana farmers in the U.S. are in Hawaii . 
Grains And Soybeans 
The Second Section index , which fell 21.44 points Monday , was up 6.84 points , or 0.19 % , to close at 3642.90 . 
I did n't say this , and I 'm totally opposed to the philosophy expressed by the quote . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
In addition , a planned two-part offering of $ 58 million in unsecured notes was n't offered . 
Besides term life and whole life ( the old standbys ) , we now have universal life , universal variable life , flexible adjustable universal life , policies with persistency bonuses , policies festooned with exotic riders , living benefit policies , and on and on . 
But buyers are essentially betting on a start-up investment fund with no track record -- and some have been encouraged to borrow to do so . 
The blue-collar machinists , longtime rivals of the white-collar pilots , say the buyout would load the company with debt and weaken its finances . 
-- A tax of between 3 % and 6 % on property holdings that exceed the governmentset ceiling . 
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese-backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen . 
The businessmen are introduced to potential agents and distributors and instructed in trade procedures . 
If it were n't for Social Security payments , more than three times as many elderly would be below the poverty line , Mr. Butz said . 
Being held well below capacity greatly irritates them , and has led to widespread cheating . 
Meanwhile , new issuance was slow . 
`` How unprofessional we must have appeared to the outside world -- how incompetent at risk assessment and evaluation , '' he says . 
Antwerp auctioneer Campo is less concerned with market niches than with Belgium 's crushing tax and auction-fee burden . 
It was the first time in seven years that Moscow has n't joined efforts , led by Moslem nations , to expel Israel from the world body , and was viewed as a sign of improving Soviet-Israeli ties . 
The rebels also reportedly tightened a blockade on roads leading to the capital , and government forces shelled a guerrilla-held area in western Afghanistan . 
McDonald 's closed at $ 31.375 , up $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
The beneficiaries would range from pineapple growers to rich grandparents to tuxedo-rental shops . 
Maxwell agreed to sell its U.S. printing unit to Quebecor for $ 500 million , making Quebecor the No. 2 commercial printer in North America . 
Cantor provides price quotes to Telerate Systems Inc. , a widely used electronic system . 
If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall , but want to continue owning stocks , they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts . 
-- Give the EPA added discretion to set `` negligible risk '' levels for pesticide residues in processed food . 
Separately , AT&T filed a countersuit against MCI accusing it of misleading consumers through allegedly `` false and deceptive '' advertising . 
Federal investigators have determined a metallurgical flaw that developed during the making of an engine disk led to the July crash of a United Airlines jetliner in Sioux City , Iowa , killing 112 people . 
The latest month 's figures show that imports of steel from European Community nations fell to 466,000 tons from 481,000 a month earlier , while imports from Japan rose to 323,000 tons from 288,000 in July . 
What to do ? 
Its Opel line has a solid image and a recent string of highly successful new models , but it lacks Jaguar 's cachet . 
The most common conflict involves compensation . 
Only walking and golf increased in popularity during the 1980s -- and only slightly . 
Unocal Corp. , Los Angeles , said it and Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. would create a petroleum marketing and refining general partnership in the Midwest . 
`` If there 's any way you can do it , you ought to go to Idaho and go fishing for a while . '' 
X-rays , by contrast , travel straighter and can be focused more tightly than light . 
The 88 mutual funds investing solely in junk bonds hold assets of about $ 32 billion . 
South Carolina deserves an A for its quick and timely relief efforts . 
Going by official forecasts of GDP , which measures the colony 's output of goods and services , minus foreign income , Mr. Mushkat 's `` realists '' seem relatively close to the mark . 
Perhaps because they won , Mr. Bork 's attackers come through more vividly than his defenders . 
NBC 's winning streak has been canceled . 
Even so , `` We 're looking for chaos , '' said George Gray , a deputy district director at the California Department of Transportation . 
Then the Gutfreunds determined to put up a 22-foot Christmas tree , weighing a quarter of a ton , to amaze their holiday guests . 
An S&P rating of double-A-plus has already been confirmed . 
One Egg King -- which at just under four feet tall and two feet wide has been likened to the robot R2-D2 -- can crack about 20,000 eggs an hour . 
If you 're like most people , you said it 's a holding that goes completely sour -- maybe a bond that defaults or a stock whose value disappears in a bankruptcy proceeding . 
Defense Secretary Dick Cheney and most senators contend that the Navy 's F-14 is too expensive in an era of shrinking Pentagon budgets . 
President Jose Sarney , who took office in 1985 when the man picked by an electoral college became critically ill , appears to be simply trying to avoid hyperinflation . 
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly-average basis : 1989 and Wednesday October 4 , 1989 . 
El Salvador is destroying more than 1.6 million pounds of food that had rotted in government warehouses , government officials said . 
Jewelry Makers Copy Cosmetics Sales Ploys 
Guinness , which owns several leading whiskey brands plus Gordon 's gin , the world 's No. 1 gin , is considered less likely to bid for the Whitbread spirits . 
The best team won this Series , which is more unusual than it may sound . 
When Claudio is arrested , he is brought on stage nude except for the manacles on his wrists and ankles . 
Eastern Airlines pilots were awarded between $ 60 million and $ 100 million in back pay by an arbitrator , a decision that could complicate the carrier 's bankruptcy reorganization . 
Los Angeles-based Northrop recorded an 8.2 % decline in sales as B-2 Stealth bomber research-and-development revenue continued to ebb and high costs on some other programs cut into profit . 
But now , the soft-drink giant appears willing to take the risk . 
In an interview and in congressional testimony , he repeatedly points to the recent 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average -- the second-largest ever -- as evidence of the need for Congress to give the SEC the ability to better monitor leveraged buy-out loan activity by brokerage firms and to track big trades in the market . 
In major market activity : Stock prices rose in light trading . 
The three institutions are : Mid Kansas Federal Savings & Loan Association , Wichita , which had $ 830.5 million in assets ; Valley Federal Savings & Loan Association of McAllen , McAllen , Texas , with $ 582.6 million in assets ; and Surety Savings Association , El Paso , with $ 309.3 million in assets . 
Upon privatization , National Power will be responsible for 70 % of the country 's power generating business . 
Mobil officials said that it is unlikely any additional charges related to this move will be taken in future quarters . 
Jaguar 's American depositary receipts were up 3\/8 yesterday in a down market , closing at 10 3\/8 . 
The youthful audience for Saturday programming is no longer dependent on the networks . 
In the Securities and Exchange Commission filings , the group has said it may seek control of Rally 's . 
Inco closed at $ 31.125 a share , down 62.5 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
I myself took such courses in college , thinking I might end up a schoolteacher . 
All Eastern 's previous court efforts to head off the pilots ' demands have failed . 
Operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. household products and personal care businesses , which include such well-known brands as Colgate toothpaste and Fab laundry detergent , jumped more than 40 % , the company said . 
Alongside such long-familiar names as Chevrolet , Ford and Dodge are nameplates that did n't exist until three years ago : Acura , Sterling , Hyundai . 
In the mid-1980s , after ABC had just bid a record $ 309 million for the 1988 Winter Games , he sniped at rivals for paying reckless prices . 
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left-wing lady friend for consorting with such people . 
Qintex Entertainment also said David Evans , its president and chief executive , and Roger Kimmel , a director , both resigned . 
The Capcom Futures unit withdrew from Board of Trade membership voluntarily in August , a Board of Trade spokesman said . 
The U.S. Coast Guard closed six miles of the Houston Ship Channel , where about 150 companies have operations , because the thick , black smoke obscured the area . 
This program , combined with cash grants to needy students , would reduce program costs and much more effectively target the intended beneficiaries . 
Nevertheless , he deems the deal `` plain smart '' for its huge promotional value . 
But most of them could have afforded to keep up their payments -- they chose not to do so . 
Here in the Global Village , though , folks do not stay uninformed for long . 
COCOA : 
Arthur Burns , Federal Reserve Board chairman , said the government 's `` luck '' in keeping the bank open -- despite being the then-biggest U.S. bank failure -- prevented `` shock waves around the country and around the world . '' 
I decided to brave the storm . 
Tales of haunts and horrors are proliferating beyond the nation 's Elm Streets and Amityvilles . 
THE PHILADELPHIA law firm of Ballard , Spahr , Andrews & Ingersoll said three partners have joined its business and finance department . 
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
The laws take effect next month . 
The team trimmed more than two months from the cycle time previously required to develop comparable proposals . 
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors have begun exploring alternative approaches to a Chapter 11 reorganization because they are unhappy with the carrier 's latest proposal . 
At a shareholders ' meeting in London , the tobacco , financial-services and retailing giant said it received 99.9 % approval from voting holders for plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets . 
`` You could see massive gyrations here because it 's such a thinly traded market , '' says Jonathan S. Paris , a vice president of European Investors Inc. , a New York investment-management firm . 
White House officials acknowledged yesterday that Democrats still are reluctant to publicly express support for the Packwood-Roth capital gains proposal because they are loath to buck Sen. Mitchell . 
`` We had a lot of people who threw in the towel today , '' said Earl Ellis , a partner in Benjamin Jacobson & Sons , a specialist in trading UAL stock on the Big Board . 
Qintex Australia was `` saying as recently as last weekend that they would take care of the situation . 
Some in Washington contend that it 's too soon to tell whether Mr. Breeden will help or hinder the SEC . 
Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits . 
Yesterday , Western Union 's senior secured reset notes fell 3 3\/4 points , or about $ 37.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount , to close at 50 1\/4 . 
A young man called July ( that 's when he was born ) , who works at the railroad station just up the street from the Orange Workers office , points at the whitewalled building and says matter-of-factly , `` We 're not allowed in there , that 's all I know . '' 
The internationalization of the industry has been hastened by foreign companies ' acquisitions of many U.S. producers . 
Concerned by dipping demand for its traditional products , it is moving not only into blonde cigarettes , but also into electronic car-parking payment cards to be sold in neighborhood tobacco stores . 
Sotheby 's Inc. , the world 's biggest auction house , is taking a huge Wall Street-style risk on the outcome of the sale of art from the estate of John T. Dorrance Jr. , the Campbell Soup Co. heir . 
An analyst 's opinion to that effect even sent Capital Cities\/ABC shares soaring two weeks ago . 
Saturday , he amended his remarks to say that he would continue to abide by the cease-fire if the U.S. ends its financial support for the Contras . 
The baccalaureate bonds -- tax-free , offered in small denominations and usually containing a provision that they wo n't be called before maturity -- seem to be tailor-made for college savers . 
The worriers cite some worrisome trends . 
Another recently offered Alex . Brown issue , Rally 's , surged 3 1\/8 to 23 . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Then there were two gold watches once owned by Allan Pinkerton , who founded the company in Chicago in 1850 . 
The bonds were won by a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group with a true interest cost of 7.17 % . 
Douglas H. Miller , self-employed in the oil and gas securities business , was named chairman of this oil and gas exploration company , filling a vacancy . 
The sweeping measure incorporates $ 500 million in small-business loans , $ 1 billion in highway-construction funds and $ 1.25 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
Mr. Beddall had been executive vice president of the division since April . 
He was Mr. Hoffman in a 1979 Los Angeles production of a play called `` The Chicago Conspiracy Trial . '' 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation . 
`` When we decided to look outside the company for critical data-processing and communications services , we wanted to get the best vendor for that service , '' said Paul Allen , the spokesman . 
THE CHECKOFF : Fiery ambition : 
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said . 
And he has worked to shed his raider image . 
These are the raw materials used in making plastics . 
The investment choices offered by the pension fund currently are limited to a stock fund , an annuity and a money-market fund . 
But economic arguments , however solid , wo n't necessarily impress Hong Kong 's 5.7 million people . 
`` She wants things to be exciting . 
Democrats counter that the Republicans have often used the same rules to suit their own ends . 
`` Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the outlook for the newspaper group remains guarded , with no improvement yet seen in operating trends in our Eastern markets , '' said Robert F. Erburu , Times Mirror 's chairman and chief executive . 
Even companies in smokestack industries wrestling with world-wide overcapacity are joining the boom . 
Wells Rich Greene , however , in an effort directed by Mary Wells Lawrence , emerged the victor of the review and retained the business . 
HealthVest is in a severe liquidity bind because its affiliate , Healthcare International Inc. , has failed to make about $ 10.6 million in principal and interest payments owed since August . 
Louisiana-Pacific Corp. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as five million of its common shares for employee stock plans and other general corporate purposes . 
Robert Borden Santa Monica , Calif . 
Sotheby 's , she says , is `` wearing both hats . '' 
For the nine months , General Dynamics earned $ 210.3 million , or $ 5.03 a share , up marginally from $ 208.8 million , or $ 4.97 a share , on a 4.9 % rise in sales to $ 7.41 billion from $ 7.06 billion . 
The Tonawanda team determined that holdups for inspections were the main problem and identified which kinds of delays involved critical inspections and which were less critical or could be handled by workers already on the line . 
UAL declined to comment on British Air 's statement . 
`` First , we have better quality assurance than ever , because the people building the product have taken on more responsibility for the quality of their own work . 
But as the Dinkins campaign hit tough times this month , Andrew Cuomo , the politically seasoned son of the New York governor , is also said to have taken a more active role on strategy . 
Amoco Corp. said it plans to install two platforms and drill as many as 22 wells to develop oil reserves it discovered in the Atlantic Ocean about 25 miles off the coast of Congo . 
While recent events may cool some of the leveraged buy-out fever , Japanese banks are n't likely to walk away from the game . 
In other news concerning South Korea 's television industry , Samsung signed an agreement with Soyuz , the external-trade organization of the Soviet Union , to swap Korean television sets and videocassette recorders for pig iron from the Soviet Union . 
In New York Stock Exchange Composite trading , Integrated shares closed at $ 1.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
Last week , a Soviet delegation came to Japan to push more space technologies . 
`` People tend to see risk primarily on that one dimension , '' says Timothy Kochis , national director of personal financial planning for accountants Deloitte , Haskins & Sells . 
`` By the end of the 1990s , '' he said , `` we want to be producing roughly two vehicles overseas for every vehicle that we export from Japan . '' 
It said net income was 17 cents a share in the third quarter , compared with 16 cents a share a year earlier . 
Air France and Lufthansa last month concluded a far-reaching cooperation accord that includes air-freight activities . 
Still , despite their efforts to convince the world that we are indeed alone , the visitors do seem to keep coming and , like the recent sightings , there 's often a detail or two that suggests they may actually be a little on the dumb side . 
Among the results is a frequent breakdown of public services . 
But lawyers said Mr. Steinberg probably faced much more potential liability because , when he sued Disney during his takeover battle , he filed on behalf of all shareholders . 
In a letter , prosecutors told Mr. Antar 's lawyers that because of the recent Supreme Court rulings , they could expect that any fees collected from Mr. Antar may be seized . 
Zaita the `` cripple-maker '' rearranges the limbs of aspiring beggars -- and takes a cut of every cent they cadge . 
`` The sell-off would probably have been worse if the dollar had been strong , '' he said . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
That 's an emerging business in which computer makers or consultants provide turnkey communications and computing services to major corporations . 
In this case , that 's about $ 250,000 . 
Sales were C$ 348.2 million compared with C$ 307.2 a year earlier . 
It was all too mellow to be believed , but they probably would have gotten away with it , had they not felt compelled to add Ms. Collins 's signature tune , `` Amazing Grace , '' and ask for audience participation . 
I promise you will stay awake through this intriguing documentary about the science of sleep . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367 an ounce , down 30 cents . 
He also denounced Moscow 's nine-year involvement in the war in Afghanistan , saying it involved `` gross violations of ... civil norms and ethics . '' 
`` Nothing is defined or signed at this point , '' Mr. Daly said of the talks . 
Increasingly careful attempts to measure neutrons , which would be strong evidence of fusion reactions , continue to be negative . 
A fund manager at a life-insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction . 
Both men are 44 years old . 
The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in crude oil , gasoline and heating oil have made it the largest futures exchange in New York , and third behind the Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange . 
Fuel and personnel costs are rising , and tourism in and through Hong Kong remains clouded by China 's turmoil since the June 4 killings in Beijing . 
While they do n't expect the Fed to move right away , they say the case for lower rates is building . 
`` We do n't know yet how useful it 's going to be , '' he said . 
On that film , which is to start shooting in a few months , `` they 've been very much involved , hiring talent and discussing the development of the script . 
Digital 's push into mainframes comes at a time when its mainstay minicomputer line is under growing pressure from smaller personal computers and workstations that operate on standard operating systems rather than on the proprietary systems that older minicomputers use . 
The move to halt imports -- announced 29 years and 11 months to the day after Henry Ford II declared that the Edsel division and its gawky car would be scrapped -- kills the four-year-old Merkur brand in the U.S. market . 
So far as we can see only two persons are behaving with a dignity recognizing the seriousness of the issues : Mr. Lawson and Sir Alan Walters , the counterpoint of the Chancellor 's difficulties , who also resigned as personal adviser to Mrs. Thatcher . 
Of Douglas Woodward 's Honors Economics Class , 
RIVER RUN : 
Getting a grip on the extent of the damages is proving a far more difficult task than what insurers faced after Hurricane Hugo ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month . 
He says the fund , which is 40 % leveraged , has maintained a `` substantial cushion '' between its borrowing costs and the yields of the portfolio 's bonds . 
Output of business equipment was unchanged in September . 
The announcement boosted the charter-shipping company 's shares , which closed at $ 15.125 , up $ 1.25 a share , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange . 
Sir Richard Butler , 60-year-old chairman of Agricola ( U.K . ) Ltd. , was named chairman of County NatWest Investment Management Ltd. , the investment management subsidiary of County NatWest Ltd. , the investment banking arm of this British bank . 
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators . 
`` It depends on what happens . 
Beatrice , which went private in an $ 8.2 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 , said last month that it might borrow again to help pay investors as much as $ 983 million in preferred stock and debt securities . 
`` I still think the woman has the right to do with her body as she pleases , '' he says . 
The Consumer Price Index `` A '' , which measures price changes for the 50 % of urban households that spend between 2,000 Hong Kong dollars ( US$ 256.18 ) and HK$ 6,499 a month , edged up 1.5 % in September from August . 
The Census Bureau counts all cash income in determining whether families are below the line , but it does n't consider other government benefits , such as Medicare . 
Milt Ahlerich Assistant Director Office of Public Affairs Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Seasonal Stackup 
Reebok International Ltd. posted a 35 % increase in third-quarter net income despite a slight decline in sales . 
Rally officials were n't available to comment late yesterday . 
`` If you know you 've got stability in price , you can do things you would n't do with the volatility of the past few years . '' 
Black Males 
2 . Even where the Fed did not share this view it felt the need to accommodate to it . 
In New Zealand 's tiny township of Kaitaia , which has had direct dialing for less than a year , about 30 angry phone-company customers questioned the size of their bills . 
For longer-term CDs , yields were up . 
Earlier this month , IMA said it had received about $ 1 billion of senior debt financing from Chemical Bank and six other banks ; Chemical Bank said it was `` highly confident '' it could arrange the balance of about $ 509 million . 
Under United Illuminating 's plan , a new holding company would be formed to own the two companies . 
He plans to attach the embroidery to the backs of mink coats and jackets . 
The remainder is held by the public and by family interests , a spokeswoman for the French group said . 
The Celtona operations would become part of those ventures . 
Other observers note that UAL 's board , having accepted a bid of $ 300 a share , might hold out for a new bid much closer to the original level -- even if it means that the management goes back to running the company for a while and lets things return to normal . 
The stock market 's dizzying gyrations during the past few days have made a lot of individual investors wish they could buy some sort of insurance . 
Mr. Bates usually handles day-to-day UAL trading on his own . 
Campeau 's chairman , Robert Campeau , said at its annual meeting in July that he valued Bloomingdale 's at $ 2 billion . 
Takeover stock speculators have incurred paper losses of over $ 700 million from the failed UAL offer , their worst loss ever on a single deal . 
Preparedness involves more than flashlights and fire alarms these days . 
But out on Cobb Parkway , Ted Negas sees it differently . 
Chiron was up 1\/2 to 27 and Cetus gained 1\/2 to 16 3\/8 . 
He favors either an all-stock fund or a balanced fund that mixes both stocks and bonds . 
`` There will be a lot of malice . '' 
In a matter of minutes , she was back , with a tall , silver-haired man in tow . 
`` The kind of instant liquidity that is implied by index futures is that you can buy a portfolio over two years and get out in one day . 
-- Among married couples , the gap between blacks and whites narrowed sharply , as income of black families shot up 6.8 % while income of whites did n't budge . 
This unification was to be brought about through policies and institutions that would unite workers and employers with government in a fully integrated and `` harmonic '' society . 
It is extraordinary that the British Treasury thought it could prevent a trade deficit by inflating the pound . 
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death-penalty debate . 
His grip on power unraveled this summer as thousands of his countrymen , dissatisfied by the harshness of his rule , fled to the West . 
Flags fly at half-staff for the death of Bart Giamatti , the late baseball commissioner , and now the Bay Bridge lies in ruins . 
On Friday , the American Diabetes Association issued a similar statement urging the six million U.S. diabetics not to overreact to the British report . 
The conversion price for the debentures is $ 41.725 a share . 
The heart of the business is the purchase of rice and other commodities , such as corn and coffee , from farmers in the south , paying with fertilizer , farm tools and other items . 
He noted the Commerce Department report yesterday that housing starts in September dropped 5.2 % from August to 1.26 million units on an annualized basis , the lowest level in seven years . 
Here , in an area smaller than a city block , lay buried traces of countless weird creatures that had frolicked more than 500 million years ago -- creatures whose anatomical variety far exceeded what can be found in all the world 's oceans today . 
He has leather jackets from Turkey that are lined with eel skin and topped off with raccoon-skin collars . 
Libyan leader Gadhafi met with Egypt 's President Mubarak , and the two officials pledged to respect each other 's laws , security and stability . 
Texaco Inc. has purchased an oil-producing company in Texas for $ 476.5 million , its first major acquisition since its legal brawl with Pennzoil Co. began more than four years ago . 
`` But we had a fairly active day yesterday . '' 
I think they need creative leadership , and I do n't think they have it , '' said Emma Hill , an analyst with Wertheim & Co . 
Instead , the bill simply calls for twice-a-year meetings between the committee and top administration officials . 
In the two weeks since the rebellion , which the U.S. hesitantly backed , Mr. Noriega has been at his most brutal - and efficient - in maintaining power . 
Just after Hurricane Hugo battered South Carolina , some officials talked of perhaps adding a penny to the state gasoline tax or raising property taxes . 
They claimed that the Fed would first give a green light to the economy by making credit readily available and then turn on the red and bring growth to a screeching halt . 
They offer these suggestions : 
The panel rejected a proposal pushed by AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines , to allow the Transportation secretary to block corporate raiders from waging proxy fights to oust boards that oppose a leveraged buy-out . 
The Akron , Ohio-based company said pretax operating income in its tire segment jumped about 31 % to $ 196.2 million from $ 150.2 million a year earlier , reflecting improvements in raw material costs , sales of replacement tires and pricing . 
`` It was like they put you in a room with a gorilla and told you there were three doors to exit , '' said one Chicago-based futures trader . 
The company has said it wants to boost non-GM revenue to at least 50 % of its total business by the end of 1990 . 
Some stock-index funds are huge . 
Ford Motor Co. and Japan 's Mazda Motor Corp. have equity interests in Kia . 
Mr. Greenspan 's decision to keep quiet also prompted a near-mutiny within the Fed 's ranks . 
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high-temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said . 
He explains that companies with real estate give `` security . '' 
Another reason for the intensity of the trade problems is that Beijing has extended the current clampdown on imports beyond the usual target of consumer products to include steel , chemical fertilizers and plastics . 
Even White House budget director Richard Darman had trouble finding a silver lining in the report . 
On top of all this , foreign-debt repayments are expected to peak in 1991 to 1992 . 
Lawyers representing five of the seven defendants in the case say their clients can no longer afford their services . 
We do n't believe it . 
Jeffrey , Peter , Joseph Jr. , William and Joseph Sr. constitute the company 's board . 
-- Joshua Adams . 
St. Johns River Water Management District , Fla. -- $ 50,005,000 of land acquisition revenue bonds , Series 1989 , due 1990-2000 , 2003 , 2006 and 2009 , tentatively priced by a Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to about 7.03 % in 2003 . 
`` By populating a place now , we make ourselves a power any new government will have to take into account . '' 
Aided by the fluid playing of the St. Louis Symphony under Leonard Slatkin 's direction , this `` Serenade '' really swings . 
The pound also dropped precipitously against the mark , falling below the key 2.90-mark level to 2.8956 marks from 2.9622 marks late Wednesday . 
The complexities of the insurance problem make the outcome difficult to predict . 
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans . 
The contact occurred through Mr. Noriega 's half-brother , a Panamanian diplomat based in Peru named Luis Carlos Noriega Hurtado . 
`` No one yet has shown the ability to manufacture these panels '' at commercial costs , says Zvi Yaniv , the president of Ovonic Imaging . 
Despite Saatchi 's firm stand against selling its ad units , U.S. analysts believe the company may ultimately sell some of the smaller units . 
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard . 
Except for the loss from the hurricane , all the figures were adjusted for seasonal factors and inflation . 
We here in the affected areas were dazzled by Mr. Laband 's analysis of time values and his comparisons of effectiveness concerning research and development . 
Tap on outstanding # 100 million issue . 
This year , the NFL also imposed an 80-player limit on teams going into training camp , down from 120 , in a move meant to trim payroll costs . 
Finally , flouting the BPCA 's wishes to continue the popular two-mile riverside Esplanade , prized for its expansive views of New York Harbor , the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island , Ms. Bartlett threw up yet another wall , this time concrete , this time 10 1\/2 feet tall . 
`` General Foods 's relationships with its agencies are based on the agencies ' work , and will continue to be , '' said David Hurwitt , a vice president of Kraft General Foods . 
Government officials declined to say whether the investigation includes the ad agencies or the politicians involved . 
When Chicago futures prices jump up or down , the New York Stock Exchange follows . 
Computer Sciences will perform data processing work for the Postal Service under the three-year contract , which also includes two additional option years for which compensation has n't yet been fixed . 
Elsewhere in the chemicals sector , Dow Chemical fell 1 1\/4 to 97 1\/2 , Monsanto lost 1 7\/8 to 118 , B.F. Goodrich slipped 2 1\/4 to 44 3\/4 and Olin slid 1 to 57 3\/4 . 
`` A union , sooner or later , has to have an adversary , and it has to have a victory , '' Frederick W. Smith , Federal 's chairman and chief executive , says with disdain . 
The time schedule for installing the equipment also will be developed by the task force , the company said . 
Tokyo stocks closed easier for the second consecutive day , finishing at the intraday low on index-linked investment trust fund selling toward the end of the afternoon session . 
A Fed spokesman denied Mr. LaFalce 's statement . 
An estimated $ 38.9 million was set aside for military installations in the home state of North Carolina Rep. W.G. Hefner , the House chairman . 
While franchisees were having a tough time holding sales , McDonald 's company-operated stores posted hefty gains for the nine months , with sales per company-operated unit rising $ 20,000 . 
While the exchange 's equities floor in San Francisco remained open on a limited basis , orders were being routed and executed in Los Angeles . 
The symptoms all point to one thing : Japan does not have a modern government . 
IBM established its standard to try to stop falling behind upstart Apple Computer , but NEC was ahead from the start and did n't need to invite in competitive allies . 
I do n't know how much got through . 
Including those , he contends , who put about $ 1 million into the kitty for the Connecticut Association of Concerned Veterans and the Vietnam Veterans Service Center . 
But the U.S. companies are redoubling their efforts . 
The dealer said India might be the real factor that is keeping futures prices firm . 
Mr. Panet-Raymond said he does n't think Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb are `` anywhere close '' to arranging financing and that investors will need a solid offer before the stock begins to rise again . 
Before the 1987 crash , an estimated $ 60 billion in institutional money was managed under this hedging technique . 
Under a less-sweeping Senate plan , the catastrophic-care monthly premium would continue , rising to $ 4.90 next year , but the surtax would be abolished . 
Some had predicted earnings of more than $ 4 a share for this year , up from last year 's fully diluted $ 3.27 a share on earnings of $ 680.6 million . 
But it was neither deep nor lasting : light entertainment that was no substitute for an evening of Brahms . 
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions . 
And combining Fraser & Neave 's own soft drinks with Coca-Cola 's gives the Singapore company more than half the share of the soda market there , Coke said . 
The East German economy is strong compared with other East bloc nations . 
In 1988 , 18 months after the sixth congress formally endorsed family-run private enterprise , district authorities allowed Mr. Chan to resume work . 
So the impact on the $ 950 billion mutual fund industry as a whole probably will be slight . 
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes . 
`` If the market refocuses on earnings , we should get better valuations of growth stocks , '' says L. Keith Mullins , a growth-stock analyst at Morgan Stanley . 
`` We 've finally been able to convince them that Casey and { Oliver } North do n't work here anymore , '' says one administration official . 
And $ 70.2 million would go to projects in Tennessee represented by his Senate counterpart and fellow Democrat , Sen. James Sasser . 
Now they know who you mean and you know who you mean . 
I estimate that these mismeasurements as detailed by Martin N. Baily and Robert J. Gordon add a further 0.12 percentage point to the downward bias in the growth rate of real business product . 
Fuel costs were up 10 % in the third quarter . 
The noncallable issue is rated double-A-3 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P . 
But the promotion is n't likely to alter a management style Mr. Andersson describes as `` being the driving force leading the troops , not managing by sitting back with a cigar waiting for people to bring me ideas . '' 
The firm has said it expects to pay $ 11.5 million overall to settle with states . 
However , the bank holding company 's loan-loss reserves rose to $ 177.3 million from $ 154 million a year earlier . 
The charge resulted from a settlement approved yesterday by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities . 
Mrs. Allen is a senior editor of Insight magazine . 
The exchange also may step up its disclosure of firms engaged in program trading , these people said . 
But with much of the inefficiency squeezed out of the freight-transport system , rising costs are likely to be reflected directly in higher freight rates . 
Hugh Johnson , chief investment officer at First Albany Corp. , agreed that a deteriorating economy is worrisome , but he said the real concern among stock investors is that some new problem will crop up in the junk bond market . 
Also in active trading , British Steel fell 1 to 124 as 20 million shares changed hands . 
Over the next 20 years , California Plant Protection opened 125 offices around the country . 
But now that Congress has missed the legal deadline for meeting the Gramm-Rudman targets , the White House said it has returned to its original view that a capital-gains cut should be part of the deficit-reduction bill , on which Congress continues to work . 
But UAL 's board is n't expected to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share bid that collapsed recently . 
But Japanese institutions shied away from bidding on the high-profile tower out of fear their purchase of the property would trigger anti-Japanese sentiment . 
According to reports released by the two government agencies , domestic consumer and wholesale prices each rose by 0.2 % in October from the previous month . 
Paul Tanner was named president , chief executive officer and chairman of this oil and natural gas company . 
Analysts said they expected the action , and investors applauded the move . 
At one point , an options industry official had to talk the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago 's night watchman into giving him the home phone number of Silas Keene , Chicago Fed president . 
Still , Akzo has n't yet found a way to achieve another goal : a large presence in the U.S. market for prescription drugs . 
And as the applause dies down in showrooms along Seventh Avenue and Broadway , stylishly clad Campeau buyers will begin writing orders . 
Merrill Lynch & Co. touted Georgia-Pacific , Louisiana Pacific Corp. and Willamette Industries Inc. as the best post-quake plywood plays . 
NEC Corp. said it plans to more than double its British subsidiary 's capacity for the production of semiconductor wafers . 
Other airline stocks fell in response to the UAL board 's decision to remain independent for now , including USAir Group , which separately reported a third-quarter loss of $ 1.86 a share compared with a year-ago profit . 
But of course the Democrats pillorying HUD in hearings and in the press have no such solution in mind . 
Since leaving Juilliard , Mr. McDuffie has made some smart moves and some controversial ones . 
By yesterday afternoon , Air Force transport planes began moving additional rescue and medical supplies , physicians , communications equipment and FEMA personnel to California . 
Mr. Bush has called for an agreement by next September at the latest . 
The first Barney 's shop is scheduled to open in Japan next year . 
Mr. Noriega 's proposal was turned down . 
Not only can they block Wellington from raising money in Japan , bankers here say , but as the largest underwriters in the Eurobond market , they might be able to scuttle borrowings there , too . 
That 's `` not bad , '' Mr. Sit says , but it sure does n't justify Block shares being priced at 15 to 16 times estimated earnings for fiscal 1990 . 
When the market fell below that level on Monday and then yesterday could n't climb above that level , traders started selling out their positions . 
But LTV , a steel , aerospace and energy concern , said it is confident that the Supreme Court will uphold the lower-court decisions and said it expects to continue discussions with the agency about a settlement while the case is being reviewed . 
Some even claim the group has become a lagging , not leading , indicator . 
$ 10 billion of two-year notes . 
George L. Manzanec , 53 years old , senior vice president of Texas Eastern Corp. , was elected a group vice president of this natural-gas-pipeline concern . 
Cipher Data , a San Diego maker of magnetic tape peripherals and optical disc drives , said the loss included reserves of $ 3.8 million related to a corporate restructuring . 
Though it is still doing stock-index arbitrage trades for customers , Morgan Stanley 's trading halt for its own account is likely to shake up firms such as Kidder , Peabody & Co. that still do such trades for their own account . 
Which goes to show that the First Law applies in insurance as in anything else : There is no free lunch , there is only marketing . 
Stock prices closed slightly higher in the first routine trading day since Friday 's big plunge . 
Ocean Drilling said it wo n't hold any shares of the new company after the restructuring . 
Institutional building , such as hospitals and schools , eased in September following a surge in August . 
One unit , called the Escort , uses a new digital signal-processing technology to detect radar signals much sooner than was previously possible , the company said . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Tribune closed at $ 49.375 , down $ 4.75 . 
We hope the next head of the Civil Rights Commission will be as brave as Mr. Allen in making the case for equality of civil rights . 
And when a defensive move was called for , D.T. passed up an obvious pawn move and instead exposed its queen to immediate tactical threats . 
Nokia said it will gain control over NKF Kabel by buying 51 % of the shares in NKF Holding N.V. , which owns NKF Kabel . 
`` If we wanted to stage ` Death of a Salesman , ' `` Mr. Sagan says , `` Willie Loman would have to live in a ranch house because of the low ceiling . '' 
Meanwhile , like many other oil companies hurt by less-profitable downstream businesses , Mobil Corp. , Shell Oil Co. and Chevron Corp. reported lower quarterly earnings . 
Or perhaps Wall Street , when it has suffered enough , will realize that finance is a service industry , and change its ethos . 
The company said the debentures are being issued at an issue price of $ 849 for each $ 1,000 principal amount and are convertible at any time prior to maturity at a conversion price of $ 25 a share . 
Despite the proliferation of tourist distractions , Las Vegans have n't forgot that gambling is still what the town is all about . 
In this respect , it would be helpful if our political leaders were mute , rather than eloquently `` concerned . '' 
`` There 's just too much silver around , '' says Tom Butler , an analyst at Samuel Montagu & Co. , a London bullion house . 
In a startling turnabout , Members of the Senate Intelligence Committee are complaining that someone in the executive branch is leaking on them . 
He argued that the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know `` precisely when and where any trading interruptions will occur and how long they will last . '' 
James A. White contributed to this article . 
Their reluctance to support the proposal is another blow to the capital-gains cut , which has had a roller-coaster existence since the beginning of the year , when it was considered dead and then suddenly revived and was passed by the House . 
New York City -- $ 786,860,000 of bonds , Fiscal 1990 Series C and D , including $ 729.04 million tax-exempt bonds and $ 57.82 million taxable bonds , via a Goldman Sachs group . 
B.A.T shares rose 29 pence to 783 pence on London 's stock exchange yesterday . 
The delay in getting AZT to children has been blamed on a combination of factors . 
Sen. Boren said the committee could n't defend itself by making the documents public because that would violate classification rules . 
In late May , Newmark & Lewis announced a plan to cut prices 5 % to 20 % and eliminate what it called a `` standard discount-retailing practice '' of negotiating individual deals with customers . 
On Tuesday it approved Senator Bob Dole 's proposed commemorative resolution designating April 24 , 1990 , as the `` National Day of Remembrance of the 75th Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923 , '' suffered at the hands of the warring Ottoman Empire . 
When `` The Homecoming '' was first produced on this side of the Atlantic , actors and directors were reverential . 
Sen. Strom Thurmond ( R. , S.C . ) protests pending legislation to end the preference that the federal prison system gets in selling prisoner-made furniture and other goods to government agencies . 
It buys loans from lenders , packages some into securities for sale to investors and holds the remainder in a portfolio . 
`` In terms of coverage , it was a disaster equal to the earthquakes , '' said Eric Premner , president for broadcasting of King Broadcasting Co. , which owns the NBC affiliate in Seattle , Wash . 
The company noted that its Fox-Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves . 
Most investment-grade bonds fell 3\/8 to 1\/2 point . 
The producers , he says , did a good job of depicting someone `` who had done so much , but who was also a manic-depressive . 
In recent years , the airlines had waited until the last moment to court Christmas season vacationers with bargain fares . 
The small drop in equity funds in general in the latest week may not necessarily be a good sign , said A. Michael Lipper , president of Lipper Analytical . 
It is rumored to be bound for a new model in the luxury Acura line in the U.S. , but Honda officials would n't comment . 
The company said its core businesses have performed well and it expects them to continue to do so in the remainder of the fiscal year . 
`` The credit for income taxes is a result of having provided deferred income taxes applicable to the sold assets at the higher income tax rates in effect in prior years , '' the sellers said . 
Last Friday , 96 stocks on the Big Board hit new 12-month lows . 
But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation that accompanies a vigorous merger and buy-out business , and UAL has obviously put a damper on that . 
To try to draw more fans , he has dropped end-zone ticket prices from $ 25 to $ 19 . 
The computer can process 13.3 million calculations called floating-point operations every second . 
But I liked the easy friendliness of the people around me , liked it that they 'd brought their children , found it charming that , true citizens of the state of the future , they had brought so many TVs and radios to stay in touch with electroreality at a live event . 
A House-Senate conference approved a nearly $ 17 billion State , Justice and Commerce Department bill that makes federal reparations for Japanese-Americans held in World War II internment camps a legal entitlement after next Oct. 1 . 
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports . 
Fears that Ford 's ardor might be cooling put Jaguar shares into reverse after GM confirmed its friendly negotiations with Jaguar . 
On the surface , the overall unemployment rate is expected to be little changed from September 's 5.3 % . 
Mr. Horwitz is a Journal staff reporter covering the Middle East . 
Beverly Hills -- $ 110 million of civic center project certificates of participation , Series 1989 , via a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group . 
`` Even before the market drop , rates were down about half a percentage point , '' said Robert J. Hutchinson , senior vice president for retail marketing at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. in New York . 
Such sentiment only encourages the adverse feelings toward Turkey that surfaced when Turkey asked for assistance in dealing with its Bulgarian emigration crisis . 
In wooing British lawmakers , GM has pointed out that its willingness to settle for a minority stake would keep Jaguar British-owned and independent . 
Men who have played hard all their lives are n't about to change their habits , he says . 
United Fruit was one of the two largest contributors to Panama 's national income . 
The associations would like the court to include between three and six judges with specialized training . 
A separate study of the extent of employee misconduct linked general job satisfaction to property loss . 
Marietta , Ga . 
What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer-aided design and scientific calculations , he said , and then very seldom . 
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings-on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon . 
In addition , Sony is expected to agree to swap Columbia 's 35 % stake in the sprawling Burbank , Calif. , studio that Warner and Columbia share , in exchange for the old MGM studio lot that Warner acquired with the purchase of Lorimar Telepictures Corp . 
Nowhere have eyes been opened wider than at CBS News . 
Some of the more cautious CD holders might like `` pre-refunded '' municipals . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Society Corp. , which is also a bank , agreed in June to buy Trustcorp for 12.4 million shares of stock with a market value of about $ 450 million . 
Sales rose 4.2 % to $ 3.31 billion from $ 3.2 billion . 
Citicorp also said that the average rate rose to 8.0087 % at its $ 50 million auction of 182-day commercial paper from 7.962 % at last week 's sale . 
One reason for its downfall was the murder trial of D.C. Stephenson , an Indiana leader whose reckless career is depicted in this film starring Mel Harris ( `` thirtysomething '' ) and John Heard . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Economists do n't expect any such changes in this year 's address , given Mr. Lawson 's apparent reluctance to adjust policy currently . 
The San Francisco Examiner issued a special edition around noon yesterday that was filled entirely with earthquake news and information . 
Reversing an eight-year federal policy , the measure supports Medicaid abortions in cases of rape and incest , but Mr. Bush has so far refused to support any specific exemption beyond instances in which the mother 's life is in danger . 
The level of negative sentiment measured by the Big Board short interest ratio slipped to 3.36 from last month 's 3.38 . 
The University of Toronto stepped deeper into the contest for Connaught BioSciences Inc. by reaching an unusual agreement with Ciba-Geigy Ltd. and Chiron Corp . 
If it had been , he mighta hit it out . '' 
He says that because Seita 's profits are limited by government-controlled cigarette prices , he does n't have the cash to diversify as heavily into food and drink as the U.S. concern has done . 
Mr. Pimlott and Mr. McCarthy join Barclay 's from Kleinwort Benson Ltd. where they served as directors . 
Three reasons were pinpointed : a preference for watching bowling and other sports on television rather than actually bowling , dowdy bowling centers , and dissatisfaction with bowling itself . 
A majority of Japanese banks are said to be wary of making new loans to Mexico under the Brady plan because they 're uncertain the Mexican economy will remain stable . 
For the first time in nearly two years , BankAmerica results failed to improve in consecutive quarters , but the decline from the second quarter was attributable to special factors . 
The figures came a day after the government released a report showing that consumer spending propelled U.S. economic expansion in the third quarter while -- on an inflation-adjusted basis -- business investment slowed , government spending declined , and exports were flat . 
However , other knowledgeable observers said they believed Mr. Crandall and the AMR board might well decide to tough it out without taking any extra steps . 
In another case , a protester , Ann O'Brien , was convicted of trespass before the Supreme Court 's Webster ruling . 
I doubt that . 
The yield on the issue stood at 7.88 % . 
Pressure from these members prompted the club recently to soften its anti-bike rhetoric ; it no longer , for example , lumps the bikes into the same category as motorcycles and other terrain-marring off-road vehicles . 
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Stevens 's dutiful conflation of the public and private realms -- like his beloved master 's -- destroys all it was designed to preserve . 
All three new models are outselling their predecessors by wide margins . 
He shut down the company 's tony New York headquarters . 
Mr. Broderick , the Massachusetts grower , says the `` big boss '' at a supermarket chain even rejected his Red Delicious recently because they were n't waxed and brushed for extra shine . 
The firm is getting about 50 calls a day , and the average call lasts about 15 minutes . 
Yesterday 's volume of 117.2 million shares was far below last week 's sizzling average of nearly 177 million . 
The intruder , among the broadest yet to hit a research network , appeared to affect only Digital Equipment Corp. hardware that uses Digital 's VAX\/VMS operating system . 
Proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes , including expansion of the company 's operations . 
New construction contracting climbed 8 % in September to an annualized $ 274.2 billion , with commercial , industrial and public-works contracts providing most of the increase , according to F.W. Dodge Group . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 99 25\/32 to yield 8.01 % , compared with 100 1\/32 to yield 7.97 % . 
Officials of PS of New Hampshire could n't be reached for comment . 
The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote for or against Mr. Gandhi and his five years in power -- five years of ups and downs , promises and disappointments and wide fluctuations in popularity . 
But then it was acquired by Household International Inc . 
For its fiscal year ended March 31 , CSC had revenue of $ 1.3 billion . 
On Saturday , the partners said the team would be purchased for $ 54 million by a new group including Comsat Video Enterprises Inc. , a unit of Communications Satellite Corp. based here . 
Mr. O'Kicki said he will respond to Mr. Green 's allegation at his trial . 
Mr. Smith and other top Federal executives have met with Tiger workers in Los Angeles , Ohio , New York , Alaska , Asia and Europe . 
A higher proportion of black men smoke than white men . 
And much home-equity credit is used conservatively . 
As Helen Boehm , who owns an art porcelain company , sipped her luncheon cocktail , she reeled off the names of a few pals -- Prince Charles , Princess Diana , Sarah Ferguson , John Kluge , Milton Petrie . 
`` Before the really bad news , we were looking at Wang fairly seriously , '' she says . 
To me , this calls into question the validity of the Rowland-Molina theory and hence the whole chlorofluorocarbons replacement effort . 
Currently , the Transportation Department does n't have the authority to block a takeover in advance . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6030 , up from $ 1.5885 late Friday . 
Scientists say the discovery of these genes in recent months is painting a new and startling picture of how cancer develops . 
She prefers ` Elizabeth . ' '' 
The spokeswoman said the Frankfurt situation was `` totally different '' from problems in the interest-rate options unit . 
In 1953 , James Watson and his colleagues unlocked the double helix of DNA ( deoxyribonucleic acid ) , the genetic key to heredity . 
Separately , $ 400 million of Freddie Mac Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 10 classes by Kidder , Peabody & Co . 
The U.S. Mint would n't take the coin because it was n't mutilated , and the Federal Reserve Bank accepts only clean coins , he says . 
`` If you think earnings will grow at 20 % a year , it 's all right to pay 20 times earnings , '' he says . 
The old guard had every right , however , to disdain the newcomers ' new ways of making money , such as greenmail . 
R.H. MACY & Co. , New York , retailer , annual sales of $ 7 billion , said there was minor damage to its 24 Macy stores and nine I. Magnin stores in the Bay area . 
Revenue rose to $ 3.31 billion from $ 3.18 billion , mostly from acquisition of AGS Computers and robust non-regulated businesses . 
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem . 
FEDERAL COURTS URGED to cut costs and reduce delays of civil suits . 
In her cookbook , which Macmillan is bringing out in soft cover this month ( with the blini recipe revised so it works ) , she introduces each chapter with appropriate quotations from Russian literature : Pushkin on blini , Goncharov on piroghi . 
As conferees noted , scarce capital means the costs of control must be minimized through a broad menu of compliance choices for individual firms . 
`` The ANC wo n't be stopped until there is a provision for black aspirations , '' says Mr. Verwoerd . 
The offer , set to expire Nov. 1 , may be extended pending the timing and resolution of the FTC request , the companies said . 
Nevertheless , on Capitol Hill , where the information was released yesterday at a Senate banking subcommittee hearing , lawmakers said they are worried that financial institutions are routinely discriminating against minorities . 
Sometimes , as with `` Batman , '' the pair really do make the film . 
And housing though it appears in the popular mind as being the major { growing } household asset , is n't . '' 
Market-If-Touched Order : Market-if-touched orders are like stop orders in that they become market orders if a specified price is reached . 
`` Our attitude is that ( the ranking ) is like Miss America . 
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high . 
The British economy is hardly the picture of health these days . 
Among them were B.A.T Industries , which settled 6 pence a share lower at 753 ( $ 12.10 ) . 
Bearings Inc. said its chairman , John R. Cunin , will retire as an officer of the company on Jan. 2 . 
Hewlett-Packard affirmed it does n't plan to obtain control of Octel , a Milpitas , Calif. , maker of voice-processing systems . 
The company had retained the Fluor Daniel unit of Fluor Corp. as general contractor . 
I had underestimated , however , both Mr. Gelbart 's wit and the persistence of scandal in Washington . 
Until now , most Japanese charges have been responses to suits against them . 
`` If there is going to be a tax scheme that contemplates lower treatment of capital gains , they certainly want to be part of it , '' says real-estate lobbyist Wayne Thevenot of Concord Associates . 
Because Justice Rubin turned 76 on May 9 , he is n't eligible to be reappointed to the bench at the end of the year . 
So we must look elsewhere for an explanation of the unusual power this case has exerted over the minds of many , not just in Washington but elsewhere in the country and even the world . 
But this year , when the hullabaloo surrounding its centennial died , so too did some advertiser interest . 
I was impressed by the perceptiveness of your Sept. 12 story `` Rural Enterprise : Tough Row To Hoe . '' 
Brown & Sons Inc . 
Instead of replicating the S&P 500 or some other index exactly , some stocks are overweighted or underweighted in the portfolio . 
Lawmakers scrapped all of a $ 7.4 million State Department request for the 1992 Expo in Seville , Spain , but agreed elsewhere to $ 15,000 for an oil portrait of former Chief Justice Warren Burger . 
But under current rules , they are allowed to change just 200 rubles into dollars and other currencies for each trip . 
But investors who are preoccupied with short-term fluctuations may be paying too little attention to another big risk -- not generating enough money to meet long-term financial and life-style goals . 
Alpine , which said it does n't plan to further extend the offer , said it received $ 615,000 face amount of debt under the original offer . 
Revenue fell to $ 1.04 billion from $ 1.07 billion . 
Those companies , in turn , paid Mr. Peterson commissions and fees , the suit alleges . 
Insurance stocks provided some early support to the market , partly on favorable brokerage recommendatons and talk of continental European interest in British life and composite insurers . 
The debt load would have been higher but for a reduction of A$ 5 billion over the past year from asset sales , Mr. Bond said at a business gathering . 
Even though the Big Board says its product represents a post-crash `` reform , '' some traders suggest that if the new basket had been trading during this month 's Friday the 13th market plunge , the Dow Jones Industrial Average might have dropped more than the 190 points it did . 
Esselte AB , the Stockholm office supplies company , as expected , proposed to acquire the 22 % it does n't own of its U.S. unit , Esselte Business Systems Inc . 
`` It 's hard to invest capital here on the same basis as investing in other countries , '' says Dennis A. Sokol , president of Medical Service Partners Inc. , who is putting the medical consortium together . 
But under the proposed guidelines , all federally funded research will have to be reported publicly so that anyone can capitalize on the work . 
If , for example , in the midst of a great social occasion ( such as an international conference on revising the Versailles Treaty in 1923 ) , one 's 72-yearold father , himself a great butler once , should happen to die of a stroke , one must continue to serve the port : `` Please do n't think me unduly improper in not ascending to see my father in his deceased condition just at this moment . 
As that system grows , larger computers may be needed . 
Nearly 36 % ranked housing problems as their most serious unmet legal need . 
`` He is going to pursue other interests , '' Mr. Jahn said . 
Yesterday 's selling began after a Japanese news agency reported that Japanese banks , which balked at the first bid , were ready to reject a revised version at around $ 250 a share , or $ 5.65 billion . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
The joint venture licenses a portfolio of about 1,400 patents and patent applications relating to optical-disk recording technology . 
In a related move , the bank also proposed that board representation be linked more closely to the bank 's new shareholding structure . 
These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments and $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow , zero-coupon subordinated debt and assets sales . 
The leveraged buy-out firm of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , which owns 46 % of the common equity of SCI TV , indicated in the debt plan that it would reduce its equity stake to 15 % , giving the rest of its stake to bondholders in the restructuring . 
Currently , chips are produced by shining light through a mask to produce an image on the chip , much as a camera produces an image on film . 
Their ridicule of him is no substitute for argument . 
`` The carpetbaggers , '' snorts the narrator with a Texas twang , `` have packed their bags and went . '' 
In addition , Mr. Templeton received a dividend of 22 cents a share Oct. 5 . 
After years of mistrust born of Watergate , past misdeeds of the Central Intelligence Agency , and the Iran-Contra scandal , President Bush and the Senate Intelligence Committee appear ready -- for now , at least -- to trust each other when it comes to setting policy on covert activities . 
It marked the first time a U.S. official was impeached on charges of which a jury had acquitted him . 
Italian magistrates labeled his death a suicide . 
In short , throw away the passbook and go for the glory . 
What happens to me if Campeau collapses between now and then ? '' 
The five astronauts , who stowed gear and tested the spacecraft 's steering , said they were unconcerned about the touchy weather expected in the Mojave Desert . 
It raises the long-cherished hopes of many Germans for reunification -- a prospect that almost equally alarms political leaders in Moscow , Washington and Western Europe . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Quotron said that snafu , which lasted nine minutes , resulted from a failure to adjust for a 4-for-1 stock split at Philip Morris Cos . 
But a spokesman said the quake wo n't have as big a financial impact on Allstate as Hurricane Hugo did . 
While it is still too early to tell whether the dearth of takeover activity is only temporary , many lawyers say their firms are bracing for lower revenue from merger work , which has been so lucrative in the past . 
The Bonanza franchise system , which generates about $ 600 million in sales annually , represented substantially all of the partnership 's assets . 
I walked along Shattuck between Delaware and Cedar at a few minutes before eight this morning . 
Although Paribas Chairman Michel Francois-Poncet would n't rule out eventually selling all of Navigation Mixte 's insurance operations to Allianz , he stressed the potential for the two groups instead to cooperate . 
Wednesday , Mr. Belli 's staff was n't permitted into his office by city officials worried about their safety . 
Ameritech Corp. 's earnings increased 2.8 % , after strong revenue gains were offset somewhat by refunds and rate reductions imposed by regulators in its Midwest territory . 
For personal-injury cases , Litigation Sciences seeks defense jurors who believe that most people , including victims , get what they deserve . 
The computer 's miscalculation has been painful for Renaissance . 
Many economists have started predicting a mild recession next year . 
New York Times Co. said net income rose in the third quarter because of a one-time gain on the sale of the company 's cable-TV system . 
Sharon , based in Farrell , Pa. , filed for protection from creditors under the federal Bankruptcy Code in April 1987 . 
The moves illustrate the more aggressive attitude toward patent protection that patent experts say Japan is starting to take . 
The largest financial issues , as measured by the Nasdaq financial index , tumbled 3.23 to 
Among California savings-and-loan stocks , H.F. Ahmanson eased 3\/8 to 22 1\/4 , CalFed slid 3\/4 to 24 1\/8 , Great Western Financial dropped 1\/2 to 21 1\/4 and Golden West Financial fell 5\/8 to 29 1\/4 . 
New York City 's 6 % bonds due 2018 , for example , were quoted late Friday at a price to yield 7.80 % , compared with 7.60 % Thursday . 
What makes the most sense is to find someone who wants to buy the whole company or cause a recapitalization of all shares . '' 
Arbitragers said they were disappointed the company did n't announce some recapitalization or other plan to maximize value . 
Kia , the only Korean car maker that has seen its overseas sales grow in 1989 , aims at Korea 's common man . 
Crude oil prices rose slightly in lackluster activity as traders in the pits tried to assess action in the stock market . 
Matagorda County Navigation District No. 1 , Texas -- 
Goldman said Eastern would miss the same mark by at least $ 120 million . 
`` Employers who saw a short-term moderation in benefit expenditures are seeing a return to previous trends . '' 
But quick turnover in artwork is `` like pawning your jewelry -- you end up with 50 % . 
In a speech prepared for delivery to London 's financial community , Mr. Lawson summed up current economic policy as a battle to wring inflation out of the British economy , using high interest rates as `` the essential instrument '' to carry out the campaign . 
In New York late yesterday , it was at 141.70 yen , up from 141.45 yen late Wednesday . 
Legislators are talking about temporary rises in sales or gasoline taxes , although Gov. Deukmejian says they should be a last resort . 
In following several other oil and gas partnerships that have made the conversion to a corporation in the last year , NRM also noted that tax advantages for partnerships have diminished under new tax laws and said it would save $ 2 million a year in administrative costs from the change . 
This legislation was not drafted by a handful of Democratic `` do-gooders . '' 
The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P . 
`` With Krenz , we just do n't know what to expect . '' 
Any sale of Intelogic could have an impact on the battle between Mr. Edelman and New York attorney Martin Ackerman for control of Datapoint . 
In the wake of a slide in sterling , a tailspin in the stock market , and a string of problematic economic indicators , British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson promised gradual improvement in the U.K. economy . 
In 1986 , Mr. Simmons also served on a committee of businessmen headed by William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Resolution Trust Corp . 
That includes the CDBG funds and the Federal Housing Administration , which loans out money for private home mortgages and has just been discovered to be $ 4 billion in the hole . 
Nissan aims to expand its 25 % share of the market to 30 % by spending $ 141 million on a plant in southern Japan that could make as many as 240,000 cars a year . 
In Missouri , those caught drinking and driving between the ages of 16 and 21 may have their licenses revoked for one year , while those 21 or older suffer only a 30-day suspension . 
First Meridian and its officials are currently under investigation for possible criminal wrongdoing , according to a spokeswoman for the attorney general . 
Under the terms of the settlement , the limited partners would drop their civil suits against Drexel , now pending in federal court in New York , another individual said . 
The notice also grants relief for certain estate-tax returns . 
CALIFORNIA , A TREND-SETTER in franchising rules , stirs a controversy . 
Would I have done all those things successively if I did n't think he was the right guy ? '' Mr. Roman asked . 
I expected him to say , `` I told you so , '' but he already was snoring . 
Copyright specialist Neil Boorstyn , who writes the monthly Copyright Law Journal newsletter , is joining McCutchen , Doyle , Brown & Enersen . 
But since the time of Darwin , we humans could at least claim a sort of natural necessity for the existence of our species . 
In its portfolio are such diverse companies as United Kingdom-based Air Europe ; Checkrobot Inc. , a U.S. company that makes supermarket checkout machines ; Norment Industries , a U.S. manufacturer of securities systems ; Com Systems Inc. , a U.S. regional telephone company ; and major real-estate projects in the U.S. and Europe . 
`` It may not be weeks or months , but they are also opportunistic and if they feel comfortable , they will move on a deal , '' he said . 
Separately , the casino operator said its board approved a plan to buy-back as many as three million common shares from time to time , either in the open market or through private transactions . 
To push the pound even lower trying to cure the trade deficit , a policy Britain has repeatedly proved disastrous . 
Ralph Costanza , head of the OTC trading department at Smith Barney , Harris Upham , said many market players are awaiting some resolution of the current debate over program trading . 
What is that point ? 
Most is concentrated in five Persian Gulf countries , including his own , Issam Al-Chalabi , Iraq 's oil minister , told the conference Friday . 
A country is considered financially healthy if its reserves cover three months of its imports . 
For instance , salesmen may counter a man 's objection that he wants to discuss an investment with his wife by asking , `` Who wears the pants in your family ? '' 
It has reopened the bitter wrangling between the White House and Congress over who is responsible for the failure to oust Mr. Noriega and , more broadly , for difficulties in carrying out covert activities abroad . 
Revenue slid 7 % to $ 2.6 billion from $ 2.8 billion a year earlier . 
Also , CS First Boston Inc. 's First Boston Corp. unit , the fifth-biggest program trader in September , is `` preparing a response '' to the program-trading outcry , officials of the firm said . 
`` This action will continue to keep operating expenses in line '' with revenue , said J. David Hann , president and chief executive officer of Los Angeles-based Quotron . 
It 's difficult to see that there 's going to be enough business to go around . 
Some of the would-be reformers , however , want to restore an arrangement we once had -- or , at least , part of it . 
Union Carbide , whose third-quarter earnings dropped about 35 % from a year earlier and fell short of analysts ' expectations , declined 1\/2 to 24 1\/2 . 
The resolution also comes at a time when Turkey has been seeking help from the United States in resolving its Bulgarian emigration controversy and pursuing democratic reforms that may lead to membership in the European Community . 
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country . 
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet . 
Earthquake insurance typically runs $ 200 or more a year for a small house . 
`` That 's beginning to change . 
Seven years late in the launching , $ 1 billion over budget and a target of anti-nuclear protestors , Galileo has long been a symbol of trouble for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration . 
The securities-turnover tax has been long criticized by the West German financial community because it tends to drive securities trading and other banking activities out of Frankfurt into rival financial centers , especially London , where trading transactions is n't taxed . 
As late as the 1890s , the Russian government prevented any coverage of famines . 
The offer came just prior to arguments before the U.S. Supreme Court over whether the Free Press should be allowed to enter into a joint operating pact with Gannett Co. 's Detroit News . 
The new directors are Gordon M. Sprenger , president and chief executive officer of LifeSpan Inc. , and Peter S. Willmott , chairman and chief executive officer of Willmott Services Inc . 
Thus , they say , futures inhibit the basic purpose of the stock market : to accurately price securities so that capital and investment flows where it 's needed most . 
Everyone is vulnerable , '' says Charles Harper , associate regional administrator for the Securities and Exchange Commission in Miami . 
The euphoria was such that investors responded to good earnings reports of companies such as American Express , while ignoring the disappointing profits of companies such as Caterpillar , analysts said . 
How can we turn this situation around ? 
Quack . 
If the House prevails in its efforts to kill the catastrophic-care plan , the monthly Part B premium will be $ 29 next year . 
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk-bond market in disarray , Georgia-Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy-out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing . 
Now the ambivalent middle , a moral majority of sorts , is reasserting itself . 
It has n't made merger overtures to the board . 
Friday 's volume totaled 158.2 million shares ; the daily average for the week was a bustling 176.7 million . 
The percentages omit from consideration the many paintings that go begging at auction . 
I realized what was happening and screamed into the house for the dogs . 
The debentures are available through Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
The suit , he adds , `` is almost in the nature of a vendetta by a handful of disgruntled people . '' 
Having lost their faith in God , in social reform and in opium , Cairenes are left with nothing but their sense of humor . 
They do n't flinch at writing them . 
The mayor said the Quayle visit was `` a publicity stunt . '' 
The noncallable issue , which is puttable back to the company Nov. 1 , 1994 , was priced at a spread of 62.5 basis points above the Treasury 's five-year note . 
One vocal critic of the changes , Chicago lawyer Warren Lupel , says non-lawyers should n't be on the inquiry panels because they are unlikely to appreciate the nuances of attorney-client relationships . 
Lately , analysts say , Deutsche Bank has shocked some in the French financial community by indicating it wants a strong bank with a large number of branches . 
Mercedes-Benz of North America Inc. , Grosse Pointe Shores , Mich. , estimated it will sell about as many cars in 1990 as the 75,000 it expects to deliver this year . 
But Mr. Mahe adds , `` The net loser in the next few years is the right-to-life side . '' 
Giant has interests in cement making and newsprint . 
When the good fairy assigned to Slovakia hovered over the cradle of Edita Gruberova many years ago in Bratislava , she sprinkled her with high E flats , sparkling Ds , clean trills , and coloratura ornaments silvery as magic dust . 
Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues rose 111.48 points , or 0.32 % , to 35107.56 . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Equitec closed at $ 2.625 a share , unchanged . 
UH HUH : 
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy . 
In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Xerox closed at $ 62.75 a share , up $ 1 . 
In addition to his interest in ozone depletion he has extensively studied the related topic of global warming , a theory that mankind 's generation of carbon dioxide through increased combustion of fossil fuels is creating a `` greenhouse effect '' that will work important climatic changes in the earth 's atmosphere over time . 
They concluded the indications of neutrons stemmed from faults in the detectors rather than from the cold fusion experiment . 
BANKAMERICA Corp. , San Francisco , bank holding company , annual revenue of $ 10.2 billion , NYSE , yesterday had no power at its headquarters , 80 of its 433 Northern California branches were closed and 250 of 750 automatic teller machines were closed in the area . 
This became apparent as game one , a Sicilian Defense by Mr. Kasparov , proceeded . 
All of the former board 's members were CPAs , provoking conflict-of-interest criticism because they were writing rules while handling clients ' books at the same time . 
In the merger , each share of Webster , based in Waterbury , will be converted into one share of the new company . 
It is on behalf of these people , and out of my real respect for them , that I am responding to Mr. Asman 's opinions of their country . 
The 11 banks in the syndicate sustained no monetary losses because none of the credit facility had been drawn down . 
Analysts estimate that sales of the two businesses could raise roughly $ 2 billion . 
P&G , in fact , is noted for gaining market leadership by introducing products that offer a technical edge over the competition . 
General Electric Co. recently sold off its interests in liquid-crystal displays to Thompson-CSF of France . 
What 's more , the takeover occurred as natural-gas prices were falling and just as Texas Oil & Gas reported its first annual loss in 28 years . 
Once and for all , $ 5-a-barrel crude oil and 35-cents-a-gallon gasoline were history . 
`` We expect next year to be a fairly soft year in newspaper-industry advertising , '' said John Morton , an analyst for Lynch , Jones & Ryan . 
But much will depend on how quickly IBM can move . 
Two rumored restructuring candidates in the oil industry moved higher : Chevron , which rose 1 3\/4 to 68 1\/4 on 3.5 million shares , and USX , which gained 1 1\/4 to 34 5\/8 . 
But with some clients , the talk can heat up a bit . 
The approach has generated so much interest that NYU is host to the first conference on cooperative care Nov. 30 . 
Fear of the price police could help cool things off in the 1990s . 
The oil magnate , who spent his later years passing out dimes to counter his penny-pinching image , `` is n't terribly amusing , '' says Barry Olson , creative director at Innis-Maggiore-Olson , Canton , Ohio , which is producing the ads . 
Sales for the quarter slipped 2.7 % to $ 601.3 million from $ 618.1 million . 
John Ake , 48 , a former vice-president in charge of legal compliance at American Capital Management & Research Inc. , in Houston , will join Ballard Spahr 's corporate-securities practice . 
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express . 
The reasonable first-year rates can be followed by increases of 60 % or more if a covered employee files a major claim , they complain . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
But Beijing wants to use the base for the People 's Liberation Army after 1997 , when the territory returns to Chinese sovereignty . 
Foreign lending has been virtually suspended since then , choking liquidity and hobbling many projects . 
$ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 11 classes by a Morgan Stanley group . 
`` It sounds like with the Rubens he got absolutely taken to the cleaners . '' 
Analysts were disappointed that Digital 's new line apparently wo n't contribute much to earnings before the next fiscal year , which begins in July . 
`` The pigs in the trough may have to give a little bit of the slop back and then the deal can go through , '' said Peter C. Canellos , tax partner at Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz . 
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit . 
General Dynamics Corp. was awarded contracts totaling $ 589 million for one Navy Trident submarine and for Air Force research on the National Aerospace plane . 
But there were enough promoters announcing the end of history ( in this case suspension of normal laws of economic gravity ) for society to continue shielding its eyes . 
Bell Atlantic posted a strong earnings gain for the third quarter , as did Southern New England Telecommunications . 
Mr. Boudreau will remain with Penn Pacific as a director and a member of the executive committee . 
Pittston seeks changes in health and pension benefits , among other things . 
Among engineering firms , CRS Sirrine rose 5\/8 to 34 1\/4 on the Big Board and four others rallied on the American Stock Exchange : Jacobs Engineering Group , which gained 1 1\/8 to 25 3\/8 , Greiner Engineering , which rose 3 1\/2 to 22 1\/2 ; Michael Baker , which added 1 1\/4 to 15 1\/4 , and American Science & Engineering , up 1\/2 to 8 1\/2 . 
His mail regularly recalls `` my one event , '' and has been growing in recent years . 
For example , officials at Walnut Creek office learned that the Amfac Hotel near the San Francisco airport , which is insured by Aetna , was badly damaged when they saw it on network television news . 
`` A lot of people are identifying a vote for representation as a vote against Fred Smith , '' says J.X. Gollich , a Tiger-turned-Federal pilot and union activist . 
The Justice Department indicated a possible challenge to a court order allowing former National Security Adviser Poindexter to subpoena ex-President Reagan 's personal papers for use in the defense case against Iran-Contra charges . 
According to Bernard Savaiko , senior commodity analyst at PaineWebber , the only stability to the market came when short sellers periodically moved in to cover their positions by buying contracts . 
First Fidelity said it boosted its loan-loss provision to $ 50.9 million from $ 20.4 million a year ago , primarily because of a weaker real-estate sector in the region . 
In Dallas , Mr. Landry has a standing just shy of sainthood . 
But many owners plan to practice frugality -- crossing out the old code and writing in the new one until their stock runs out . 
A balance of $ 25.8 million remained in late order-taking , according to the lead manager . 
In such situations , he says , the house `` is going to put the best light on things . '' 
The company noted that the year-ago period was particularly strong , with an increase of nearly 70 % . 
In the current-coupon sector , a shift in the Treasury yield curve resulting from the better performance of long-dated issues over short-dated securities hurt major coupons because it will become more difficult to structure new derivative securities offerings . 
The government later brought a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and others . 
Still , `` I understand the reasons '' that other states are holding out , he said . 
`` While I 'm pleased the FDA is finally releasing AZT for children , it 's taken much too long to get to this point , '' said Rep. Ted Weiss . 
Why should it be so surprising that a 30 % cut in the capital-gains tax would have such an enormous impact on the value of the nation 's capital stock ? 
The other two main pillars of Banco Exterior 's traditional business -- wholesale banking and foreign currency trading -- also began to crumble under the weight of heavy competition and changing client needs . 
London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell-off knocked it down . 
About one-third pay out of their own pockets , while the rest are covered throughout by Medicare , private insurers or the Veterans Administration . 
I believe Mr. Kageyama left out one major aspect of Japanese culture that permeated his piece : the belief in the superiority of Japanese culture and behavior vs. others . 
`` The aftershocks of Oct. 13 ( when the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 190 points ) are still reverberating . '' 
Many American church-owned businesses , such as a $ 30 million factory to build fishing vessels , are defunct . 
Mr. Achenbaum helped Morgan in its recent agency search , and he has a long relationship with Hyundai , which is having severe troubles , including declining sales . 
The three urban horticulture experts with Cornell Cooperative Extension weighed in with a letter to the BPCA that began : `` We feel that the garden is horticulturally doomed . '' 
The study , by the CFTC 's division of economic analysis , shows that `` a trade is a trade , '' a member of the study team said . 
On the afternoon of Oct. 17 , after hours of haggling with five insurance-claims adjusters over settling a toxic-waste suit , four lawyers had an agreement in hand . 
The Tokyo camera maker said net income more than doubled to 5.85 billion yen , or 16.08 a share , from 2.63 billion yen , or 7.24 yen a share . 
`` Things work out unexpectedly in life , '' said Ms. Volokh . 
Under the amended pension program , AT&T managers who have at least five years of service will have five years added to their age and length of service for pension purposes . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
It was considered the stiffest sentence passed since the start of the 22-month-old Arab uprising in the Israeli-occupied territories . 
Swedish National Radio reports that about $ 40 million -- nearly 3 % of the total contract -- was paid by Bofors as commissions to middlemen . 
Mr. Kilpatrick will remain a director . 
The price was n't disclosed , but an executive of LJN Toys Ltd. , the MCA unit , said the closely held Buddy L had annual sales in excess of $ 20 million . 
Mr. Lorin responded , `` No . '' 
Times Mirror Co. said third-quarter net income fell 13 % to $ 70.1 million , or 54 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 81 million , or 62 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Applications wo n't have to be rewritten to work with Task Broker , Hewlett-Packard said , and the user of a computer wo n't be able to tell that another machine is doing the work . 
Certainly , the Oct. 13 sell-off did n't settle any stomachs . 
Such an assertion most likely would bring about a court challenge from Congress that would clarify whether a president already has such power . 
Richard Bernstein , senior quantitative analyst at Merrill Lynch & Co , says , `` My gut feel is that we 'll live with those swings for a while . '' 
Analysts say rallies in the group historically have lifted the market , while weakness in the sector often sank unlisted share prices broadly . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it sent a more detailed merger proposal to much-larger Mesa Airlines . 
As an alternative , he said , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index . 
Some members of the huge crowd shouted `` Viva peace , viva . '' 
Medical costs continued their steep ascent , rising 0.8 % after four consecutive months of 0.7 % increases . 
Sterling had completed a five-year contract for NASA but lost its bid for renewal . 
One night both Marshall 's ghost and the shah 's ghost together caught Cap and threw him to the ground . 
For several months , there was optimism all around . 
Second-tier companies are receiving even less per ton . 
However , analysts expect the Fed to buy Treasury bills that were auctioned yesterday in the secondary market . 
It did n't provide details of setup costs . 
When she is n't performing for an audience , she prepares for a song by removing the wad of gum from her mouth , and indicates that she 's finished by sticking the gum back in . 
The protection from using married puts is clearly superior to that afforded by another options strategy some investors consider using during troubled times : selling call options on stocks the investor owns . 
We reinvented it . 
Canada 's Province of Nova Scotia , shelf offering of up to $ 550 million of debentures . 
Although Italy 's investigation of whether Olivetti had violated Western export-control rules had previously been made known , this marked the first time the unit and product were named . 
Once fat and happy , the Cowboys now are losing games , fans and money . 
International Business Machines Corp. said earnings tumbled 30 % in the third quarter , even a bit further than expected , rendering the outlook doubtful for the next few quarters . 
Until recently , Kellogg had been telling its sales force and Wall Street that by 1992 it intended to achieve a 50 % share of market , measured in dollar volume . 
Colleagues today recall with some humor how meetings would crawl into the early morning hours as Mr. Dinkins would march his staff out of board meetings and into his private office to discuss , en masse , certain controversial proposals . 
So , as the Old Crowd toppled from the branch , it should n't have been too surprised . 
Once again the company 's future looked less than rosy . 
The index registered 196.1 in August , compared with 195.4 in July and with 184.9 in August 1988 . 
The company said a new chief operating officer wo n't be appointed . 
Charles G. Moertel M.D . Mayo Clinic Rochester , Minn . 
He bites it , scowls and throws it down . `` 
Ms. Brannigan is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Atlanta bureau . 
Intra-European takeovers are expected to continue at their brisk pace . 
FileNet Corp. , Costa Mesa , Calif. , said it expects to report a third-quarter loss of about $ 1.8 million , or 17 cents a share , because of a $ 2.5 million reserve to be taken against potential losses on a contract with the state of California . 
Last season , lift-ticket sales fell for the first time in seven years . 
`` It raises questions about more deep-seated problems , the budget deficit and the trade deficit and the seeming lack of ability to come to grips with them . '' 
$ 813.4 million of general obligation bonds , Fiscal 1990 Series C and D , including $ 757.4 million of tax-exempt bonds and $ 56 million of taxable bonds , tentatively priced by a Goldman Sachs & Co. group . 
As the book begins , a newly wed Marlowe roars into the desert resort of Poodle ( a.k.a . Palm ) Springs at the wheel of a Cadillac Fleetwood . 
It raised financing of 300 billion lire for the purchase this summer by another Agnelli-related group of the food concern Galbani S.p . A. , by selling a chunk of its IFI shares to Mediobanca S.p . A. 
Service appeared to be down throughout the financial district in downtown San Francisco , while just parts of Oakland and San Jose were knocked out . 
LOCKHEED CORP. , Calabasas , aerospace and defense concern , annual sales of $ 10.59 billion , NYSE , said its Lockheed Missiles & Space division closed its Santa Cruz test facility because of power outages and landslides . 
The New York futures exchanges have been working together to develop a trade recording system much like the one called for in the bill . 
Short-term rates were little changed . 
That is in part because of the effect of having to average the number of shares outstanding , she said . 
As for Mr. Levy at St. Gillian , he says he will maintain his credit lines with the various Campeau stores unless they miss a payment . 
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings . 
Boston Co. 's fall from grace is bad news for its parent , Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. , which has relied heavily on the banking and money management unit 's contributions in recent years . 
Manville and a spokeswoman for the trust said that the two are discussing the proposal but a decision has n't been made . 
Stocks : Volume 135,860,000 shares . 
GMAC said its automotive financing and leasing business rose 35 % in the U.S. , largely because of dealer and customer incentives used to boost sales . 
Amex short interest climbed 3 % to 53,496,665 shares from 51,911,566 shares . 
The Thousand Oaks , Calif.-based biotechnology company reported a 97 % increase in revenue to $ 42.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
Besides the marketing agreement , GRE said Nationwide Anglia has agreed to develop life insurance products with the composite insurer . 
`` People are placing small bets . 
The couple could n't be reached for comment and apparently have left Rockford , law enforcement officials report . 
Money-fund yields tend to lag interestrate trends as portfolio managers adjust the maturities of their investments -- short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and the like -- to capture the highest yields . 
There 's just one problem : The law that Sen. Thurmond is pushing would be irrelevant in the case of the Maryland restaurant murders and almost all other killings . 
Mr. Bush 's problem is n't so much that he seems to be agonizing over the issue as it is that he seems to vacillate on it . 
But HomeFed said it purposely curbed loan originations in the quarter because of uncertainty over the new capital requirements and regulations that will emerge from negotiations over implementing the government 's massive thrift bailout bill . 
Put option on Dec. 31 , 1991 , at an indicated 107 7\/8 to yield 3.84 % . 
Asked about the possibility of greater economic cooperation among Asia-Pacific nations , which will be discussed Nov. 6 and 7 at a ministerial meeting in Canberra , Mr. Lee said the goal `` is to have a free and open world trading system . '' 
The metal and marble lobby of CenTrust Bank 's headquarters is grander than your average savings and loan . 
In the so-called two-stroke engines , which are expected to get sharply higher gas mileage , each piston goes up and down only once to provide power . 
Honeywell said it is negotiating the sale of a second stake in Yamatake-Honeywell , but indicated it intends to hold at least 20 % of the joint venture 's stock long term . 
Rivals carp at `` the principle of Pilson , '' as NBC 's Arthur Watson once put it -- `` he 's always expounding that rights are too high , then he 's going crazy . '' 
The reality is that Bank loans have been linked to policy improvements for 40 years . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 9.86 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Out on the streets , some residents of badly damaged buildings were allowed a 15-minute scavenger hunt through their possessions . 
He is now in solo law practice in Washington , but his fees have been meager and he failed in efforts to win a chunk of his ex-wife 's royalties on her tell-all book . 
Nothing was going to hold up the long-delayed settlement of Britton vs. Thomasini . 
The delays mainly affected sales of data base management products , a core area for both Computer Associates and Cullinet , as well as sales of other products as part of package sales . 
But TPA sales fell below levels for this year 's first and second quarter sales of $ 48 million , cooling investors . 
The merger would create Scandinavia 's seventh largest bank , with combined assets of 210 billion Norwegian kroner ( $ 30.3 billion ) . 
The debt was reoffered priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.15 % in 2008-2009 . 
The government said it would streamline its enormous and often-criticized food marketing and distribution network , Compania Nacional de Subsistencias Populares , or Conasupo . 
Of course , there were sell programs in past years , too , but they seem to hurt market makers more painfully these days . 
`` All of the city 's $ 5.9 million emergency reserve was spent in the first 24 hours '' on overtime salaries , he said . 
Massage also has an image problem to contend with . 
The candy businesses had sales of about $ 154 million last year , which was roughly 12 % of total revenue for RJR 's Planters LifeSavers unit , according to a memorandum distributed by RJR 's owner , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , to bankers last December . 
It achieved a good media play , and enabled Sen. Specter and others to vote against Mr. Bork out of `` conscience . '' 
A lot of bad things can happen in 12 years . 
Citicorp fell 1\/2 to 32 , and Manufacturers Hanover slipped 3\/8 to 40 1\/4 . 
Previously he had said he would be able to find the requisite 60 votes eventually . 
`` This deal is like a Roach Motel , '' he said . 
More than ever , his pro-consumer and pro-environment record is in sync with the state . 
The rally spread into European markets , where traders were still betting that the earthquake disrupted the San Francisco area 's large oil refining plants . 
There has been no announcement of the Burger King arrangement by either party , possibly for fear that McDonald 's and other fast-food rivals would seize on it in scornful advertising . 
The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index fell 0.44 to 375.92 . 
Honda says the five-cylinder engine provides a compromise between the fuel-economy of a four-cylinder , and the power of a V-6 . 
J&L , whose principal offices are in Detroit , is a mail-order distributer of industrial tools and supplies . 
Filipino -- once known as Pilipino -- is predominantly Tagalog , the Malay-based language spoken in a part of the country 's principal island of Luzon . 
These bonds , now rated single-D , include junk offerings by AP Industries , Columbia Savings ( Colorado ) , First Texas Savings Association , Gilbraltar Financial Corp. , Integrated Resources Inc. , Metropolitan Broadcasting Corp. , Resorts International Inc. , Southmark Corp. and Vyquest Inc . 
But he also cited concerns over the company 's mortgage exposure in the troubled New England real estate market . 
Support for the private sector has been a longstanding concern of the Bank 's . 
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli . 
The company said it would repurchase half of its common shares at $ 70 each , sell an estimated $ 1.1 billion in assets and pay a special preferred-stock dividend to common-stock holders . 
Mark Page , New York 's deputy director of finance , said that investors ' concerns about the city 's financial health are `` unwarranted given our proven ability to manage ourselves . '' 
Charles A. Donohoo , sole proprieter of a Louisville , Ky. , demolition company , was found guilty of violating the Superfund law as well as the Clean Air Act . 
The owners meet again tomorrow . 
We 've heard California 's property-tax-cutting Proposition 13 blamed for a lot over the years , but ABC 's Ted Koppel came up with a new wrinkle in his earthquake coverage last week when he asked Democratic Assemblyman Richard Katz if Prop. 13 had withheld money needed for road maintenance . 
Under prodding from Judge Abramson , a Minpeco executive flew in from Peru last week to talk directly with executives from Manufacturers Hanover on a settlement . 
People are not apt to be self-conscious about the place or themselves . 
`` The anecdotal data certainly shows that some of the people were not aware of the rapid onset of hypoglycemia , '' Dr. Toseland said . 
An ancient red-figured Greek kylix , or drinking cup , was recovered backstage at Sotheby 's this spring and has been returned to the Manhattan couple who lost it in a burglary three years ago . 
But by comparison , this fluffy comedy seems like a gem . 
Britain and all of Europe need to reconsider the prospects for European integration in light of the possible reunification and neutralization of Germany . 
`` You need to capitalize on these moments when you have everyone 's attention , '' she says . 
Many of the letters maintain that investor confidence has been so shaken by the 1987 stock market crash -- and the markets already so stacked against the little guy -- that any decrease in information on insider-trading patterns might prompt individuals to get out of stocks altogether . 
Administration officials said a date for Ms. Hesse 's departure has n't been set . 
Two of the 757-200s are new aircraft to be delivered to American Trans Air , the main subsidiary of Amtran Inc. , in December 1991 and January 1992 . 
An additional 500 million marks in credit-backing was promised by the West German state governments of Bavaria and Baden-Wuerttemberg . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Hutchinson predicted that 1989 would be `` solidly profitable '' for Westmoreland and that 1990 would bring `` more of the same . '' 
By his moderate Republican heritage as well as the warnings of political advisers who say the issue is vital to younger voters , the president might seem to have at least some sympathy with abortion-rights arguments . 
The Series got off to a lukewarm start Oct. 14 with a 16.2 % rating ; the next night it drew 17.4 % of homes . 
In this niche , makeup colors change seasonally because they are linked to ready-to-wear fashions . 
David Lindsey , chairman of the Fat Tire Bike celebration , muses that the bike 's popularity may be a combination of technology and nostalgia . 
Just down the street , Chris Volvo invites serious shoppers to test-drive a new Volvo to any other dealership along the strip , and compare the cars side-by-side . 
All but two of the 40 or so lawsuits that have been filed since the project 's 1984 approval have been dismissed before the trial stage . 
Some $ 380 million of the troubled assets is repossessed real estate , a 55.6 % surge from the $ 244.2 million of repossesed property HomeFed held a year ago . 
It 's the first time in the survey 's 15 years that the over-50 group came out ahead . 
By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors , they found defects in the second copy of chromosome 13 in the exact area as in the first copy of the chromosome . 
Nevertheless , the device has been successful in other ways . 
This change comes less from a shift in public opinion , which has n't changed much on abortion over the past decade , than in the boundaries of the debate . 
For example , the iced-tea radio campaign for Thomas J. Lipton Co. , an Englewood Cliffs , N.J. , unit of Anglo-Dutch Unilever Group , emphatically proclaims : `` Real Texans do not wear dock-siders -- ever . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc bond convertible from Nov. 28 , 1989 , to Dec. 20 , 1993 , at a 5 % premium over closing share price Oct. 30 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
In Sidhpur , it is almost time to sow this year 's crop . 
The company said the latest quarter included about $ 3.4 million in special legal and financial advisory costs related to McCaw Cellular Communications ' bid for the company and LIN 's merger pact with BellSouth . 
Price : $ 265 million . 
SNET common rose $ 1.25 to $ 85.50 a share yesterday in composite trading on the Big Board . 
At the time , Mr. Gatward said his friendship with Mr. Price had smoothed the way for its link with the small British company . 
The scientists then took the five toxin genes and triggered a mutation in the one gene that caused virulence . 
At a meeting Sept. 1 to consider the labor-management bid , the board also was informed by its investment adviser , First Boston Corp. , of interest expressed by buy-out funds including Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and Forstmann Little & Co. , as well as by Robert Bass , Morgan Stanley 's buy-out fund , and Pan Am Corp . 
It 's no secret that Block dominates the mass-market tax-preparation business . 
The Rothschilds hope to use a long history in private banking and an aura of exclusivity to attract private and institutional investors . 
The latest quarter 's after-tax charge -- which is 75 cents a share -- was related to adjustments to reserves for workers ' compensation claims ; reductions in vehicle fleets , staff and facilities ; and writedowns of assets . 
A survey of small businesses there was conducted this spring by Interface , a policy research organization . 
But if the board rejects a reduced bid and decides to explore other alternatives , it could transform what has been a harmonious process into an adversarial one . 
In a joint statement , the two companies , whose combined holdings equal 52.7 % of Sun Life 's ordinary shares , said their agreement is aimed at reducing `` the uncertainty and instability for Sun Life that has resulted from two major shareholders owning '' a controlling interest in the company . 
Consumers , he said , are balking at higher prices on 1990 cars , especially after seeing the incentive-reduced prices on 1989 models . 
That 's the view of some analysts here who argue that Britain 's leading maker of luxury cars still may have two U.S. auto giants battling for it . 
Salomon Brothers says , `` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off ... . 
Wells Fargo 's return on equity increased to 24.4 % from 23.8 % . 
Gen-Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen-Probe 's stock . 
The index of smaller banks improved 1.97 . 
Although overall revenues were stronger , Mr. Schulman said , DEC `` drew down its European backlog '' and had flat world-wide orders overall . 
Mitsubishi built the government 's dream development , the story goes , in exchange for the official decision to locate Tokyo 's central railway station there . 
StatesWest Airlines said it submitted an offer to the directors of Mesa Airlines to acquire the Farmington , N.M. , carrier . 
According to the Soviet news agency Tass , `` Gorbachev expressed the conviction that the leadership of the Socialist Unity Party of { East } Germany , being sensitive to the demands of the time , ... will find solutions to complicated problems the GDR { German Democratic Republic } encountered . '' 
Meetings canceled by Apple Computer Inc. 's European sales force and by other groups raised the specter of empty hotel rooms and restaurants . 
But prices later reversed course , finishing slightly lower , as investors concluded that any cuts would n't be large and that foreign oil producers would quickly pick up the slack . 
Under the agreement , which had been widely expected , Bell Atlantic would be buying Control Data 's customer base and its approximately 100 U.S. maintenance facilities in about 33 cities . 
Arthur Andersen , the accounting firm , has increased its energy staff 10 % in a year . 
Most own two to 10 stocks , and buy or sell no more than three times a year . 
The company has begun offering shots of gamma globulin , which will diminish the flu-like symptoms of hepatitis A , in anyone who has contracted the disease , Mr. Mattausch said . 
The Denver-based concern , which emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings late last year , is controlled by the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust . 
It also would make Paribas a major French ally of West Germany 's Allianz AG insurance group . 
Net income rose to $ 97.9 million , or $ 1.15 a share , from $ 50.5 million , or 60 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Kidder , Peabody & Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , announced it would stop doing stock-index arbitrage for its own account , and Merrill Lynch & Co. pulled out of the practice altogether . 
For example , he noted , operating profit was weaker than he had anticipated , but nonoperating earnings of $ 14.6 million and a lower tax rate helped boost net income . 
Evidence of the growing Japanese demand for mortgage securities abounds . 
But I think we are losing credibility because when the market does this , it does n't present itself as a rational investment . 
But sales of domestic cars and trucks at Nissan Motor Corp. rose 26.1 % to 5,651 . 
Boise Cascade Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9.45 % debentures due 2009 , priced at 99.7 . 
On Friday , the Tokyo stock price index of first section issues was down 15.82 at 2681.76 . 
The price plummeted after a proposed leveraged buy-out of the airline fell through . 
Miss Brady is deputy director of the Russian Research Foundation in London . 
Ms. Smith also agreed to a permanent injunction barring her from acting as an officer , director or investment adviser of any mutual fund , unit investment trust or face-amount certificate company . 
Paul H. Aloe , an attorney for Odeon owner Keith McNally , denied the allegations . 
Some 1,750 members quit the exchange last year , more than triple the number of resignations in 1987 . 
`` Tax reform is working , '' the study said . 
Parts 1 , 2 , and 5 come from the soundtrack of Errol Morris 's acclaimed film , `` The Thin Blue Line , '' and the two other parts from incidental music to two separate dramatizations of the Kafka story of the same name . 
ERC Corp. rose 7\/8 to 12 . 
All the figures are adjusted to remove usual seasonal patterns . 
Executives say Mrs. Coleman is very involved in the day-to-day operations , especially product development . 
Acadia Partners Limited Partnership , a Fort Worth , Texas , partnership that includes the Robert M. Bass Group , made the proposal . 
`` We are n't forced sellers . 
Indeed , analysts have said that the absence of new products , among other factors , has limited sales growth throughout the industry . 
Petroleum products prices also declined . 
`` There 's pretty good evidence that utilization management has reduced inappropriate hospitalization , '' he said . 
It is known in the Pentagon as the `` negative wedge . '' 
The state is calling in a flotilla of navy landing vessels and other boats to expand ferry service across the bay and hopes to add numerous new bus routes and train departures to help alleviate the traffic problem . 
By comparison , Cannes now gives $ 39,000 to the winner of its young director 's award . 
About 1,100 Chinese were awaiting repatriation yesterday . 
Traders say this all goes to show that even the smartest money manager can get infected with crowd passions . 
As a result , many economists were expecting the consumer price index to increase significantly more than it did . 
Oakland officials were still uncertain about the magnitude of structural damage late yesterday ; a section of I-880 , a twotiered highway , collapsed in Oakland , causing a majority of the deaths resulting from the quake . 
The Senate bill contains many provisions that will increase the costs of trading . 
Bud Konheim , president of Nicole Miller Inc. , says his company is now shipping only to the flagship stores of the Federated and Allied chains . 
In fact , however , Mr. Reagan 's casual debasement of the office he so recently held raises issues about which Americans can actually do something . 
Also for sale are Buckingham Wile Co. , which distributes Cutty Sark blended whiskey in the U.S. , and Whitbread 's Atlas Peak Vineyards in California 's Napa Valley . 
`` If they get 50 packets of something , they open one , see what it says , throw 48 away and send two to people or departments they think are appropriate , '' a spokesman says . 
Wednesday , it will unveil a $ 7 million refurbishing at its flagship store on Madison Avenue . 
Japan plans to send the Chinese back home and is negotiating with the Chinese government , a Justice Ministry official said . 
The Pittsburgh patients are the first humans to be given the drug , which is made by Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co . 
The New York company called the lawsuit without merit . 
But weak car sales raise questions about future demand from the auto sector . 
And , like corporates , many municipal bonds are callable . 
`` It has never been interested in what we think . 
The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits . 
Similarly , the measure adjusts the current funding formula to promise smaller states such as New Hampshire and Delaware a minimum allocation of $ 1.6 million each in drug grants , or three times the current minimum . 
Mr. Ross also said he enjoys `` warm professional and personal relationships '' with Japanese executives including Sony Chairman Akio Morita , `` who has visited my home here . '' 
Livestock and Meats 
While nearly equal percentages of black and white women currently smoke , in both sexes more whites have given up smoking than blacks . 
I 'm anti-white . '' 
Bar associations and consultants are offering more programs to teach associates all they need to know about law but did n't learn in law school . 
Harold W. Smith Sr. , chairman of Webster , will become chairman emeritus and a director of the new company . 
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . '' 
But the size , shape and role of the NSC staff have been left for each president and his national security adviser to decide . 
The Thurmond bill would establish a federally administered death sentence for 23 crimes , most of which were formerly punishable by death under federal statutes that the Supreme Court invalidated . 
The results include $ 106 million of tax benefits associated with previous years ' Third World loan activity , compared with $ 15 million a year earlier . 
ABC has n't had much luck with shows featuring blacks in recent years , and the producers of one new arrival are a bit desperate . 
`` I 've never seen so many { New York City } G.O. 's up for sale , '' said another trader . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
`` Helen Boehm has a way with names , '' says James Revson , a gossip columnist for Newsday ( and son of Joseph Revson , a founder of Revlon ) . 
Sanwa Bank Ltd. is one Japanese bank that decided not to participate in the first UAL proposal . 
Stock-market tremors again shook bond prices , while the dollar turned in a mixed performance . 
Seeing all those millions in action , I was just so relieved that Ms. Gruberova , gawky thing that she is , did n't accidentally smother herself in a drape . 
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million . 
`` We had just finished phase two '' of the Cypress project that involved installing a series of retaining cables designed to prevent sections of the roadway from separating as a result of seismic shock , a state DOT engineer said . 
Mr. Evans had been the de facto head of MGM\/UA for months . 
Much of the recent slide in Dun & Bradstreet 's stock came late last week , after negative comments by analysts at Merrill Lynch & Co. and Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
More likely , relief funds could be added to an omnibus spending bill that Congress is to begin considering next week . 
Japan 's FTC says it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting . 
The bank , which previously said it was for sale , said it has received no offers and that its board will review whether to continue soliciting bids . 
Most of the 300 employees at the oil company 's midtown headquarters building -- including much of senior management -- were unaware of the plan until informed at a morning meeting by Chairman Lawrence G. Rawl . 
What 's in a name ? 
The purchase strengthens San Jose , Calif.-based Businessland 's links to the large corporations who are among the biggest buyers of computers . 
And because British Air is issuing convertible bonds rather than ordinary shares , the share price wo n't be directly hurt by any surplus left with underwriters after they try to sell the issue in the open market . 
But opponents fear overcrowding . 
`` The most important thing is that he have a chance . '' 
TransTechnology Corp. , a Sherman Oaks , Calif. , defense contractor that earned $ 9.2 million on revenue of $ 235.2 million in 1988 , provides a more dramatic example of cost-cutting . 
Other possibilities include a child-care initiative and an increase in the minimum wage . 
Mr. Rosen , among others , suggested that the quake , the strongest since the 1906 temblor that struck San Francisco , will in the short term create a two-tier price system for quake-prone communities , with dwellings built on sturdy ground likely to demand higher prices . 
Beazer PLC , a major British building materials and construction concern , reported a 24 % jump in pretax profit for its latest financial year , helped largely by contributions from its U.S. unit , Koppers Co . 
The common view , says Abby Cohen , strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , is that there will be `` mild economic growth , modest profit expansion , and things are going to be hunky-dory . 
That would be bad news for Navigation Mixte 's current management , which was counting on Allianz to help fend off Paribas . 
Beta is a handy gauge that measures the volatility of a stock or stock mutual fund . 
The company 's 7.90 % sinking fund debentures were quoted at a bid price of 14 1\/4 and an offered price of 30 , while the 10 3\/4 % subordinated debentures of 1997 were being bid for at 28 and offered at around 34 3\/4 . 
This will add to the appeal of small business , he says , where investors often have a degree of influence . 
Late in London , the dollar was quoted at 1.8410 West German marks and 142.70 Japanese yen , up from late Monday in New York . 
In fact , it 's barely begun for Mr. Corry , who faces tough decisions before he has had a chance to get settled into his new job . 
And some movies seem to have been hurt by their inattention . 
In looking at these and other policies , I learn to ask pointed questions about some of the assumptions built into `` policy illustrations '' -- the rows of numbers that show me the buildup of my cash values over the years . 
whose Della Femina McNamee WCRS agency created liar Joe Isuzu , among others -- announced a massive restructuring that largely removes it from the advertising business and includes selling the majority of its advertising unit to Paris-based Eurocom . 
`` Hacksaw '' and `` Bonecrusher '' are the sort of nicknames normally associated with linebackers and heavyweight contenders . 
Mr. Ohmae is managing director of McKinsey & Co. in Japan . 
Proceeds of the sale will go to Centerior 's operating subsidiaries to finance the projects , located at a nuclear unit located near Cleveland . 
Others said IBM might increase the size of the offering to as much as $ 1 billion if investor demand is strong . 
He said his suit against Enfield seeks two years severance pay , equivalent to C$ 720,000 . 
Officials at Mellon Capital were unavailable for comment . 
Prior to this episode , Sen. Christopher Dodd ( D. , Conn. ) , sensing an open field , undertook a personal diplomatic mission through Central America to promote an early disbanding of the rebels . 
Phil Harms , a software engineer , was an eager customer . 
WHEN HURRICANE Hugo careened through the Caribbean and the Atlantic coast states , it downed electric and telephone lines , shot coconuts through cottage rooftops , shattered windows and uprooted thousands of lives . 
Coda owned 60 % of the pipeline and private entities owned the rest . 
On average , something that cost $ 100 30 years ago now costs $ 425 . 
These days Nissan can afford that strategy , even though profits are n't exactly robust . 
Certain details of the restructured facilities remain to be negotiated . 
Nothing stirred the soul of Ronald Reagan and his disciples as much as the crusade to aid Nicaragua 's Contra rebels , or the dream of building a space-based defense shield to knock out Soviet nuclear missiles . 
Ms. Johnson made a passionate statement to the platform committee , but she was talking to herself . 
Net Gain 
The $ 4 billion in bonds break down as follows : $ 1 billion in five-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.25 % and a yield to maturity of 8.33 % ; $ 1 billion in 10-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.375 % and a yield to maturity of 8.42 % ; $ 2 billion in 30-year bonds with five-year call protection , a coupon rate of 8.75 % and a yield to maturity of 9.06 % . 
`` I 'll find out , eventually , who pushed the state police buttons into action . '' 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Says the chief executive officer of a major Midwest steel company : `` It 's damn worrisome . '' 
In addition , Revco 's 1,900 stores in 27 states represent a lot of real estate , he said , and demographics are helping pharmacies : The nation 's aging population will boost demand for prescription drugs . 
By his own account , Mr. Dozen did n't do much better with U.S. bonds . 
The company said the move was necessary to meet capital requirements . 
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 . 
PROCTER & GAMBLE CO. , Cincinnati-based company 's Folgers Coffee plant in South San Francisco was closed following the earthquake , no injuries or major damage , other plants around country can make up for any lost production . 
He had been group vice president of the electronic-publishing group . 
Speaking to a joint meeting of Congress earlier , he said South Korea ca n't move quickly on such agricultural trade issues `` without causing political and social trauma . 
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding . 
One hostile bidder who deliberately avoided using junk bonds was Paramount Communications Inc. in its initial offer to acquire Time Inc. for $ 10.7 billion , or $ 175 a share . 
The company focuses on the how-to aspects , says Andrew E. Philip , president . 
Mr. Volokh was fired from his job , and had to endure hours of organized verbal abuse from his co-workers , accusations of sabotage and counterrevolutionary activities . 
Although the five-year strategy may be excellent , what will be the strategy in 25 years ? 
The three units are a nationwide pharmaceutical and health-products distributor , a small sporting-goods chain , and a combination catalog showroom and toy-store chain . 
Predictably , some Navy guys said : `` Do we still need to keep all 18 Army divisions on active duty and all those extra land-based aircraft without bases and all those Army guys playing admiral in Tampa ? 
In the past year , both have tried to stretch the limits of their businesses . 
Some other fare promotions have backfired . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Auto makers , who began deferring some equipment purchases last spring , can be expected to remain cautious about spending if their sales do n't pick up , machine tool builders say . 
`` We do n't want Brussels deciding conditions for workers unless they are necessary and useful , '' said Zygmunt Tyszkiewicz , secretary general of the employers ' confederation Unice . 
In any event , some people familiar with the case question whether the court will act by January as forecast by Mr. Lorenzo and Mr. Bakes . 
Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus division also provides specifications . 
`` No other { computer } vendor offers graphics performance that good for their price . '' 
`` We 'll be playing a lot of defense , especially in the Midwest and Northeast , '' says Jim Buente of the NFIB . 
`` You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' Mr. Matchett said , adding : `` It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught . '' 
They reportedly will invest a total of 20 billion yen ( $ 140 million ) in the venture , whose headquarters would be in France or West Germany . 
In the year-ago quarter , Viacom also paid preferred stock dividends of $ 17 million ; Viacom exchanged its preferred stock for debt in March . 
The Merkur cars also suffered from spotty quality , some dealers say . 
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms-control talks ever attempted . 
Flexible Portfolio Funds 
Then , when the currency falls , interest rates are raised to attract financial flows in order to stabilize the exchange rate . 
House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) helped secure $ 49.7 million for his state , or more than double the Pentagon 's budget . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
Still , some sectors found buying interest after being actively sold in recent weeks . 
Still , Milton Hudson , senior economic adviser at Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. in New York , said : `` If you look back a half-year or so the evidence was pretty good of affirmative strength in the capital-goods sector . 
The Fed did , in fact , execute $ 1.5 billion of liquidity-enhancing customer repurchase agreements , the third set of repurchase orders in three days . 
But while International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products , most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them . 
Impetus for the direct-seller project came from a congressional hearing some years back . 
Some senior advisers argue that with further fights over a capital-gains tax cut and a budget-reduction bill looming , Mr. Bush already has enough pending confrontations with Congress . 
`` So , do n't come and try to con us with a howdy y'all or a cowboy hat . '' 
Net in the latest quarter included a pretax gain of $ 22.4 million from the sale of Combustion 's minority interest in Stein Industrie to GEC Alsthom N.V. of the Netherlands . 
The banking company said it reached an agreement in principle with International Business Machines Corp. on a systems operations contract calling for IBM to operate First Tennessee 's computer and telecommunications functions . 
Pending Shelby County , Tenn. -- $ 80 million of refunding bonds , Series 1989 , via a First Tennessee Bank group . 
Small businesses in suburban Chicago are discovering that an area-code switch Nov. 11 -- to 708 from the familiar 312 -- wo n't be without some costs as they alter stationery , among other things , and notify customers . 
Mr. Ross , in his own affidavit , says he and Mr. Daly instructed Mr. Semel to tell the producers Warner would n't terminate their agreement . 
However , Harry Millis , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland , said Goodyear 's results `` fell at the bottom '' of his range of estimates . 
As the session broke up , I was approached by a man who identified himself as the alumni director of a Big Ten university . 
The merger should also allow the companies to reduce costs by combining operations in many locations in Puerto Rico . 
Federal Reserve officials sent another signal of their determination to shore up investor confidence . 
On a per-share basis , quarterly earnings remained at $ 1.85 , the same as last year , because of the company 's share buy-back program . 
Mr. Regalia said the industry may be reluctant to step up building at the moment for fear the inventories of unsold homes will increase again . 
The curbs prevent a buyer from purchasing more than 15 % of Jaguar shares without permission . 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
Third-quarter revenue was flat at $ 1.02 billion . 
All orders-related components , such as consumer-goods orders and building permits , are thought to have been weaker . 
By then it also hopes to begin producing a passenger car based on the Volvo 240 and selling for about $ 20,000 . 
At his old job in Compton , Calif. , he took a bitter teachers ' strike and nearly came to blows with a school-board member . 
Denizens of London 's financial district are cushioning themselves for heavy blows . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Coke now leads Pepsi in market share in caffeine-free diet colas but trails Pepsi in sales of caffeine-free sugared colas , according to Beverage Digest . 
The month-to-month rise in the index was the largest since April , Eurostat said . 
A few years ago , Mobil restructured the entire company during an industrywide shakeout . 
She ordered the foyer done in a different plaid planting , and made the landscape architects study a book on tartans . 
While some are renegade riders who simply scorn regulations , much bad riding simply reflects ignorance that can be corrected through `` education and peer pressure , '' says Jim Hasenauer , a director of the International Mountain Biking Association . 
Excluding the volatile categories of energy and food -- leaving what some economists call the core inflation rate -- consumer prices still rose only 0.2 % in September . 
`` Emerging growth stocks have n't been popular in America for years , they 've been neglected , '' he said , and their prices often trail the market as a whole . 
Security said it signed a letter of intent to purchase La Jolla Bancorp , agreeing to pay $ 15 of its own stock for each share of La Jolla . 
`` The second is they do n't have enough discipline . '' 
And then there is his notion of an Irish-Soviet charter airline to ferry Armenians to Los Angeles via Shannon . 
The gain reflects fresh economic evidence that inflation is moderating while the economy slows . 
`` I do n't think it 's anything that 's going to cause a downturn in economic activity . 
Scientists have isolated a molecule that may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune system , ranging from organ-transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma , Immunex Corp. said . 
`` Why we even just sold a three-bedroom house in Van Nuys and were able to keep the price firm in a weak real-estate market by noting that the original Lone Ranger lived there , '' says David Rambo , a sales associate with Jon Douglas Co. , a Los Angeles real-estate agency . 
One handout promises : `` Pedigrees , parties , post times , parimutuels and pageantry . '' 
She said it was too early to say what would happen to its clients , including Reebok and Apple . 
Robert Hafer , senior commodities analyst at Kaiser Financial Group , said Monday 's rally continued yesterday for only about 20 minutes after the opening . 
For example , Nissho Iwai Corp. , one of the biggest Japanese trading houses , now buys almost twice as many goods from China as it sells to that country . 
But home-building stocks were a mixed bag . 
The precedent having been set , who can complain if future generations called upon to defend the U.S. yield to the temptation to avoid the danger of combat by simply declaring the war immoral and hiding until it is over ? 
The notes , which are noncallable , were priced at a spread of 45 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
While each of the Hamilton-Dorgan proposals represents only a small step , together they would erode the Fed 's independence , Mr. Greenspan said . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Wilfred fell 6.25 cents to 93.75 cents a share . 
Rival gangs have turned cities into combat zones . 
It was as easy as collecting sea shells at Malibu . 
Wheat futures prices fell , however , at least partly in reaction to the rumored selling of futures contracts equal to several million bushels of wheat by commodity speculator Richard Dennis . 
Jeffrey Coors , 44 years old , had been president since 1985 , when he succeeded his father Joseph in the job . 
Columbia S&L posted a quarterly loss of $ 226.3 million as the Beverly Hills thrift reeled from new industry rules and turmoil in junk bonds . 
In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug-related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment . 
The pool invested idle cash for many state agencies and local governments . 
The company made the announcement after the close of the markets , where its stock finished at $ 10.75 , up 25 cents , in over-the-counter trading . 
`` One of the three major markets in the world is getting chewed up pretty bad . '' 
`` Reports from branches are that there has been greater interest in the last day or so , '' said Steven Braitman , a vice president at Chemical Bank in New York . 
The network deals a lot with unknowns , including Scott Wentworth , who portrayed Mr. Anderson , and Bill Alton as Father Jenco , but the network has some big names to contend with , too . 
Mr. Jacobson , his gray hair flying , did n't wear out his red-white-and-blue sneakers , but he sweat so much he considered sending out for a new shirt . 
A survey by Sirota , Alper & Pfau , a New York consulting firm , underscores the difficulty for top management in satisfying employees and investors on that score . 
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely . 
And assuming their first investment is successful , investors will have to pay taxes on their gains . 
Meeting in Strasbourg Wednesday , the commission voted , as expected , to formally object to the accord between Air France , the state-owned airline , and state-controlled domestic carrier Air Inter . 
Bush has three vacancies to fill on the prestigious D.C. Circuit Court , which handles many important regulatory issues and is often considered a warm-up for future Supreme Court nominees . 
`` Bush and Deng are hoping { that } cooler heads prevail . 
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting . 
A spokeswoman for the state 's Office of Court Administration declined to comment on the suit . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
The information systems segment had a 44 % jump sales to $ 196 million . 
Colon , lung and breast cancers are the most common and lethal forms of the disease , collectively killing almost 200,000 Americans a year . 
In other words , after the glory boom of the Reagan years , wages had sunk from the post World War II peak by 16 % as capitalists , helped by the government , turned down the screws or went offshore . 
Assuming that he paid a rough average price of $ 80 a share , and assuming he did n't sell before his announcement reached the market , Mr. Trump could be sitting with a modest loss with the stock at $ 76.50 . 
If the economy turns down , such proposals could gain strong momentum . 
9:38 a.m . 
The Japanese government , Mr. Godown said , has stated that it wants 10 % to 11 % of its gross national product to come from biotechnology products . 
`` Without some unexpected `` coup de theatre '' , I do n't see what will block the Paribas bid , '' said Philippe de Cholet , analyst at the brokerage Cholet-Dupont & Cie . 
The most recent OTC short interest statistics were compiled Oct. 13 , the day the Nasdaq composite index slid 3 % and the New York Stock Exchange tumbled 7 % . 
`` The focus for some time has been on the copper supply , and good demand has been taken for granted , '' he said . 
He added that the cost for stress-related compensation claims is about twice the average for all injury claims . 
According to Drexel 's Mr. Demler , the potential strike is expected to be resolved quickly , which may be one reason why the situation did n't affect prices much . 
And plays . 
Advertisers already are balking at higher prices . 
The imports , totaling 98.5 million barrels , were 11 % lower than August levels . 
Moreover , the U.S. can expect more competition from low-cost producing Pacific Rim and Latin American countries . 
`` We 're trying to take care of a heck of a lot of constituents , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
The guidelines could foil future arrangements similar to the deal behind Lithox Inc. , a Salem , Mass. , start-up , says Robert Daly , a managing partner of TA Associates , a venture-capital firm . 
Continued strength in the dollar was cited as one reason the trade position may deteriorate . 
In national over-the-counter trading , LIN shares soared $ 4.625 to closed at $ 112.625 , while McCaw fell $ 2.50 a share to $ 37.75 . 
Each speaker was asked to address a specific topic , not deliver a point of view . 
The State Department , to its credit , has already begun distancing itself from Mr. Barre , evinced by its decision to publish the Gersony report ( which the press has ignored ) . 
Mr. Icahn , who played a key role in the settlement and attempted subsequently to take control of the company , sold his stake in Texaco just last summer . 
Most lawmakers think it will be extremely difficult for Mr. Bush 's opponents on the abortion issue to round up the votes needed to override the veto . 
Sterling Software Inc. said it lost its bid to supply software services to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , Calif . 
`` I do n't think anyone is now immune from takeover , '' said Robert Schneider of Duff & Phelps Inc. , Chicago . 
We understand that the trust is ultimately going to need to sell some of our shares , '' he says . 
A slight recovery in the stock market gave currency traders confidence to push the dollar higher before the unit dropped back by day 's end . 
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . '' 
Thus the very fickleness of baby boomers may make it possible to win them back , just as it was possible to lose them . 
Arizona Instrument Corp. said it expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 600,000 , or 25 cents to 27 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 214,000 , or 10 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Of the four , only the bank and the plant drew bids -- one apiece . 
Widely expected to open 10 to 15 cents a barrel higher on the strength of statistics from the American Petroleum Institute , the December contract managed to start the session only eight cents higher . 
Mr. Azoff has n't named the company yet , but any records it produces will be distributed by Warner . 
But devices are there for the asking , whether in stores or through the mail . 
Mr. Ireland said 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA also said it plans to sell , beginning in 1992 , have a current half-life value of about $ 34 million each , or a total $ 374 million , raising aggregate potential proceeds from the aircraft sale to about $ 1.02 billion . 
I 'm not certain . 
The views expressed do not reflect the official policy of the Department of Defense . 
Valley National , for example , had $ 470 million in problem assets as of June . 
The exchange argues that the product , which the SEC temporarily approved yesterday , will help ease rather than worsen any volatility in the stock market . 
I rode it out on the second floor of Leo 's at 55th and Telegraph in Oakland . 
The warrants expire on Oct. 15 , 1992 , and may be called by the company at a price of $ 5.25 . 
Sales increased 10 % to $ 26.54 billion from $ 24.05 billion . 
His skis spread farther and farther apart -- just as buy-sell spreads widen during a financial panic -- and soon he is out of control . 
If it promotes fashion too much , the shop risks alienating its old-line customers ; by emphasizing `` value , '' it risks watering down its high-minded mystique . 
Mr. Smith angered Federal 's pilots , too . 
And Mr. Niles , the program producer , contends that Kodak 's move is `` a sound marketing decision . 
At as little as one-third of the government 's cost , the company is running a program to train Army helicopter pilots . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Vermont American common closed at $ 39.75 , off 25 cents . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5765 , sharply down from $ 1.6145 late Wednesday . 
Mr. Trump never obtained financing for his bid . 
Little Rock , Ark . 
`` Mastergate '' is subtitled `` a play on words , '' and Mr. Gelbart plays that game as well as anyone . 
Other weak blue-chip issues included Chevron , which went down 2 to 64 7\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 1.3 million shares ; Goodyear Tire & Rubber , off 1 1\/2 to 46 3\/4 , and American Express , down 3\/4 to 37 1\/4 . 
`` Each one has a different agenda . '' 
The statistics exclude pulp consumed at the producing mill or shipped to another mill that is affiliated with the producing mill . 
Both Saatchi & Saatchi , which announced its intention to sell off most of its consulting business in June , and Cleveland Consulting declined to comment on the proposed sale . 
Analysts said the move could presage even harsher action by the banks . 
Option by borrower to increase issue amount to 150 million francs . 
-- Marvin Alisky . 
Stocks : Volume 176,100,000 shares . 
The House Energy and Commerce Committee 's health subcommittee , headed by Democratic Rep. Henry Waxman of California , is looking into complaints that small businesses not only ca n't keep reasonably priced employee-health insurance if claims are filed , but often ca n't get coverage at all if a worker is termed medically uninsurable . 
Actively traded municipal bonds ended 1\/4 to 1\/2 point higher in brisk trading , despite a flood of new supply . 
In order to show that all of its units had corrected billing problems and therefore should become eligible again for new contracts , prosecutors contend that `` high-level GE executives '' and company lawyers provided `` misleading statements '' to then-Air Force Secretary Verne Orr and other Pentagon officials during a series of meetings in 1985 . 
And if I think that some people { on HUD Secretary Jack Kemp 's } staff are off base in terms in which they 're evaluating certain things affecting my hometown , I have to tell you something -- I 'm not going to take it . 
That makes it the most active trader among all the nation 's investment advisers , according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings . 
In a typical leverage strategy , a fund tries to capture the spread between what it costs to borrow and the higher return on the bonds it buys with the borrowed money . 
For instance , Commonwealth BioVentures Inc. , a venture-capital concern , last month invested $ 600,000 to launch Amira Inc. , a Worcester , Mass. , concern that will produce pharmaceuticals . 
Corporate planners can plan again . 
After coming close to a partial settlement a year ago , shareholders who filed civil suits against Ivan F. Boesky and the partnerships he once controlled again are approaching an accord , people familiar with the case said . 
But Fujitsu Ltd. has taken that practice to a new extreme . 
His point : It will be increasingly difficult for the U.S. to cling to command-and-control measures if even the East Bloc steps to a different drummer . 
San Francisco lawyer Timothy H. Fine , who represents franchisees , insists California 's cautiousness helps protect franchisees from crafty sales negotiators who push unlawful clauses . 
Gabelli Group began raising its Milton Roy stake in July , and holds 14.6 % , according to a recent SEC filing . 
Collectively , the statements raised questions about whether a new bid for UAL will ever get off the ground . 
Like just about everything else , that remains to be seen . 
It also found them rising much more in the Northeast than elsewhere . 
Milton Roy jumped 2 to 18 3\/8 . 
Wall Street is n't avoiding everything connected with paper . 
Essar Gujarat Ltd. , a marine construction company , had similar success with a slightly smaller issue . 
In addition , corporations are now shouldering a bigger share of the tax burden , as the authors of the 1986 law hoped . 
Mr. Stovall does n't expect an actual recession . 
The nation 's fourth-largest steelmaker earned $ 18.3 million , or 43 cents a share , compared with $ 61 million , or $ 1.70 a share , a year earlier , when the industry was enjoying peak demand and strong pricing . 
That approach flopped : Last Christmas Day , a USAir Group Inc. DC-9 jetliner flew about seven passengers from Chicago to Pittsburgh . 
President Bush should take the Constitution in one hand and a budget ax in the other and get to work . 
Japanese electronic giants , such as Sony Corp. and Hitachi Ltd. , have focused almost entirely on HDTV hardware , and virtually ignored software or programs shot in high-definition . 
LTV 's planned increase , which was announced in an Oct. 26 memo to district managers , does n't affect electrogalvanized steel or tin plate . 
There is speculation that property\/casualty firms will sell even more munis as they scramble to raise cash to pay claims related to Hurricane Hugo and the Northern California earthquake . 
Mr. Kendrick is professor emeritus of economics at George Washington University . 
Some lousy earnings reports whacked the stock market , but bond prices fell only slightly and the dollar rose a little against most major currencies . 
The offer capped a week of rumors that Georgia-Pacific , an Atlanta-based forest-products company , was considering making a bid for Nekoosa , a paper-products concern based in Norwalk , Conn . 
Union Federal , a federally insured savings bank , has $ 2.4 billion in assets . 
A year earlier , it had a loss of $ 199,203 or nine cents a share , on revenue of $ 7.6 million . 
Instead , they map out a strategy in several phases from now until 1995 . 
Lawmakers are expected to try to restore the funds once a pending deficit-cutting measure has been signed into law . 
Canadian manufacturers recorded a 0.8 % decline in August in their backlog of unfilled orders , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
It instructs a broker to buy or sell an investment at the specified price or better . 
Securities trading was conducted in a backup facility in Concord . 
A retired electrical engineer we 'll call Ben works part-time as a consultant , but he does n't want to earn so much that Social Security reduces his benefits . 
Of his successes in Washington , Mr. Bennett stressed that existing federal prisons have taken custody of 375 local inmates . 
That storm hit the Gulf Coast Oct. 13 , closing the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port for a time and preventing tankers from unloading . 
Mr. Kaiser said traders could have picked up signals of an imminent price decline had they been watching the scrap metal markets , which became noticeably weaker two to three weeks ago . 
In many other institutions , scientists are shunning contacts with venture investors until the NIH policy is settled . 
Some said Friday 's market debacle had given Mr. Trump an excuse to bail out of an offer that showed signs of stalling even before problems emerged with the UAL deal . 
There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals , '' he said , adding that he expects prices to `` inch up '' in the near term . 
Two weeks ago , Citicorp and Mr. Lang pumped $ 800,000 into Matilda just to keep the doors open . 
As ties between academia and venture capital have blossomed in recent years , governmental fear of abuse has risen . 
Next to Kohlberg Kravis Roberts 's megabillion RJR Nabisco deal , SCI Television is small fry . 
The economic life of the region is expected to revive in a day or two , although some transportation problems may last weeks or months . 
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care . 
And when any component of the market -- cash , futures or options -- loses liquidity , the price discovery system ( the way prices are determined ) becomes flawed or is lost entirely for a time . 
That sale , however , could still fall through if financing problems develop . 
The acquisition combined the country 's second-largest security company , Pinkerton 's , with 1987 sales of $ 410 million , and the fourth largest , California Plant Protection , with $ 250 million in sales , creating the industry 's biggest firm , which took on the Pinkerton 's name . 
`` Next year is an election year and the legislators just do n't want to do anything about this now . '' 
The judge , they say , was fiercely proud of his abilities and accomplishments . 
No charges were brought against her . 
Every dollar 's worth of stock in the Los Angeles money manager 's portfolio is traded seven or eight times a year , the firm estimates . 
Companies and financial institutions familiar with Hong Kong remain wary of trading in its futures market . 
Council member Cardinal Gerald Carter of Toronto told Vatican Radio : `` Now that we say we covered our deficit this year , people are going to relax and say well that 's fine , the Holy See is out of the hole . 
Yields on savings-type certificates of deposit dropped slightly in the week ended yesterday . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set Aug. 31 , 1987 . 
Mr. Trump , who vowed Wednesday to `` go forward '' with the bid , said he was dropping it `` in light of the recent change in market conditions . '' 
The legislation and other issues related to the stock market will be the focus of hearings this week by the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee and the Senate Securities Subcommittee . 
This must be the last big stretch of the American seacoast that is `` undeveloped . '' 
The main reason was a delay in shipment of new high-end disk drives , a business that accounts for some 10 % of IBM 's $ 60 billion of annual revenue . 
What should I do ? 
The chain currently has 90 retail outlets in Japan , seven in the U.S. , three in Hong Kong and a dozen more scattered around the globe . 
`` They started , and then abandoned it . '' 
Macy acquired those three businesses in May 1988 . 
Although the Tiger acquisition has brought Federal a long way toward becoming the global player it wants to be , it also has brought problems . 
But the broader truth is more complicated -- and dismaying . 
We do n't consider that ambulance chasing . '' 
The cornflake-size product was more comfortable and less prone to falling out than hard contact lenses , which had been around since 1939 . 
Then the 20th century saw the evolution of private-sector wonder drugs , which promulgated medical therapy . 
The designation at July 's economic summit of major industrialized nations of the EC Commission as coordinator of Western aid to Poland and Hungary was a first step . 
Mr. Paul quickly became more aggressive in his collecting , with the help of George Wachter , a Sotheby 's expert in old masters whom he met at an exhibition of the Guterman items . 
Vietnam is finding that turning a stagnant socialist order into a dynamic free market does n't come easy . 
Mr. Craven is widely credited with refocusing Morgan Grenfell 's energies on its core corporate finance , fund management and banking activities over the past year . 
The 1988 results include a $ 10.7 million charge stemming from a litigation judgment . 
The semiconductor concern said the interruption in shipment of its 80486 computer chip will be brief and have little impact on the company 's earnings . 
Whitbread 's spirits auction occurs amid a parallel shakeup in the British beer industry . 
The company has already missed its initial Oct. 1 target date for completing the merger . 
Few small neighborhood businesses , however , can afford such protection , even in collaboration with other local merchants . 
Insureres selling these policies market them directly to the public or otherwise do n't use commissioned salesmen ; there is still a load -- annual administrative fees and initial `` setup '' charges -- but I figure that the lack of commission and of `` surrender fees '' for dropping the policy early still saves me a lot . 
Does the candidate favor parental consent for teen-age abortions ? 
But GAF 's bellwether role was short-lived . 
Nomura said its pretax profits inched up 0.9 % to 248.91 billion yen ( US$ 1.75 billion ) from 246.60 billion yen in the six months ended March 31 . 
Left-stream economists I associate with -- fellows in the Union of Radical Political Economists , most particularly Robert Pollin of the economics faculty at the University of California at Riverside -- were not hypnotized in the manner of their pliant colleagues . 
By contrast , he 's won kudos for his espousal of William Schuman 's `` Violin Concerto , '' which he recently recorded for Angel\/EMI along with Leonard Bernstein 's engaging `` Serenade for Violin Solo , Strings and Percussion . '' 
Red tractors gingerly picked at the rubble while jackhammers tried to break up some of the massive slabs of concrete . 
Prices for the U.S. benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude remained locked in a fairly narrow range before ending the session four cents lower at $ 19.72 a barrel for December delivery . 
Markets -- 
The East German media soon began presenting Mr. Gorbachev 's speeches only as sketchy summaries , and giving space to his opponents . 
Most bond prices fell , but junk bonds and the dollar rose . 
Baker was 68 years old when she died in Paris , two days after the sold-out opening of her newest show : a movie-like ending to what was a cinematic life . 
Officials from the American Insurance Association 's property-claim service division , which coordinates the efforts of the claims adjusters in an area after a natural disaster , will be flying to San Francisco today . 
Victoria , Texas 
None of the grants had been requested by HUD , judged competitively or were the subject of a single hearing . 
To get that money , states must go through an elaborate approval process , but officials expect red tape to be cut this time . 
He could do more to cut public subsidies and transfers , thus making funds available for public services starved of money for six years . 
`` There seems to be a presumption in some sectors of ( Mexico 's ) government that there is a lot of Japanese money waiting behind the gate , and that by slightly opening the gate , that money will enter Mexico . 
The first part , consisting of $ 151 million of 13 3\/4 % senior subordinated reset notes , was priced at 99.75 . 
The U.S. ranks fourth of countries that have concluded joint ventures , behind West Germany , Finland and Italy . 
At that time , the court held that such a claim would interfere with federal copyright law , which has always cracked down on the unauthorized copying of songs and musical compositions but never actual performances . 
They discourage prosecutors , under certain circumstances , from seeking court orders seizing the assets of racketeering defendants prior to trial . 
The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issued a $ 500 million real estate mortgage investment conduit backed by its 8 1\/2 % securities . 
Some of the same risks that were cited -- and seemingly ignored -- in dozens of previous junk offerings . 
Sales rose 13 % to $ 1.91 billion from $ 1.69 billion . 
Both deny wrongdoing . 
While his case may be extreme , it reflects the vulnerability of many small communities to domineering judges . 
Just a few months ago , the three-month Eurodollar rate was around 9.5 % , while three-month Hibor hit highs above 11 % . 
Net interest income in the third quarter edged up 1.4 % , to $ 317.7 million . 
Safety authorities did n't immediately know the cause of the blasts . 
The shares are redeemable after the end of 1994 . 
BLOCKBUSTER ENTERTAINMENT CORP. said it raised $ 92 million from an offering of liquid yield option notes . 
Buying interest in Du Pont , which declared a stock split and a dividend boost , and certain other blue-chip issues gave the industrial average a better performance than broader indexes . 
In a statement , Genetics Institute said the dispute with Boehringer centers on questions of the usability of certain batches of EPO material valued at $ 13.6 million . 
As a result , GOP state Rep. Stephen Freind of Delaware County , the legislature 's leading foe of abortion , has been given all but free rein to press a strict seven-point plan to restrict abortion and , he hopes , to force the Supreme Court directly to reassess its 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that established the right of abortion in the first place . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Both Warner and Sony declined to comment on the terms of the settlement discussions . 
Lower feed prices may help animals eat more cheaply , but humans have to factor in an expensive middleman : the processor . 
Over the past decade or two , while I was thinking about fox hunting , the insurance industry has spawned an incredible number of products , variations on products , and variations on the variations . 
Such selling could erode prices of high-yield junk bonds , already weakened by a rash of corporate credit problems . 
Researchers in Belgium said they have developed a genetic engineering technique for creating hybrid plants for a number of crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice . 
There is little incentive to buy gold because if the stock market goes higher , it may be just a false alarm . 
Thin merchandise selections at the most troubled chains are also expected to hurt sales . 
Since the hurricane , Midway Airlines Inc. and American Airlines , a unit of AMR Corp. , trimmed their one-way fares to the Virgin Islands to $ 109 from prices that were at times double that before the storm . 
Some become pseudo-lobbyists . 
Portfolio B : Two-income couple , age 45 ; $ 150,000 portfolio . 
He added : `` Inflation is lower than I think people expected it to be , and I think that 's good news . '' 
Under the guise of `` healing the wounds of the nation , '' President Carter pardoned thousands of draft evaders , thus giving dignity to their allegations of the war 's `` immorality . '' 
And taxpayer groups are urging legislation in many other states . 
Why the revolt ? 
The dollar soared against the pound , which was at $ 1.5765 compared with $ 1.6145 Wednesday . 
Ms. Bartlett 's previous work , which earned her an international reputation in the non-horticultural art world , often took gardens as its nominal subject . 
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year . 
By contrast , average dollar volume on the Big Board last year was $ 5.3 billion . 
His selection increases the size of the board to 12 members . 
Sales rose 6 % to $ 2.77 billion from $ 2.61 billion . 
Behind them was a huge ANC flag and an even bigger sign that said `` ANC Lives , ANC Leads . '' 
Like other East Bloc countries , Poland possesses environmental laws more honored in their breach than in their observance . 
In late New York trading the dollar was quoted at 1.8340 marks and 141.90 yen , compared with 1.8300 marks and 141.65 yen Friday . 
Healthcare has given HealthVest a 12 % note for that overdue amount , to be repaid over three years . 
Economists , businessmen and some politicians agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reduced state spending ; focusing spending on vital areas such as education , health and welfare ; turning state companies private ; reforming the tax system , raising public service rates to match costs ; and possibly a temporary wage and price freeze and a devaluation of the cruzado . 
Presidio , a Denver oil and gas concern , said it will acquire the properties and operations of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes two regional gas-gathering systems and proved reserves of about nine million barrels of oil and 72 billion cubic feet of natural gas . 
The rights plan would be triggered if a person or group acquires 20 % or more of the common shares outstanding without making an offer to all shareholders . 
Mr. Tomash will remain as a director emeritus . 
USX and Kobe Steel hope to reach a definitive agreement establishing the 50-50 partnership by the end of the year , with construction tentatively slated for the spring of 1990 and production by 1992 . 
Manufacturers , too , are stretching further to lure buyers . 
Digital , Maynard , Mass. , insisted yesterday that its marketing focus would differ sharply from IBM 's . 
Two analysts who have read the transcripts , David Nelson of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Calvert D. Crary , a litigation analyst at Labe , Simpson & Co. , think Judge A. David Mazzone will decide in Kodak 's favor on the `` willful and deliberate '' issue . 
A squiggly line snakes across a video screen , gyrating erratically as subjects with hand-held computers register their second-by-second reactions to a speaker 's remarks . 
Bay Financial , which said it may be forced to file under Chapter 11 if it ca n't reach an agreement with its lenders to relieve its debt burden , plunged 1 3\/8 to 2 1\/8 . 
That would cut into CBS 's slim margin for profit -- and error . 
`` The fact of the matter is , I am a marketer . 
During the past 15 years , the report showed , housing prices increased nearly fivefold . 
The company said it received an order for 23 of the vehicles , which retrieve tanks and other heavy-tracked vehicles when they break down or are damaged , and an option for 16 more . 
Southam said the level of future investment required by the paper would have restricted its options in other areas . 
Los Angeles police say the thieves seem to be part of a crime network that knows how to convert blank tickets into real ones . 
A federal appeals court struck down a natural-gas regulation that had prevented pipeline companies from passing to customers part of $ 1 billion in costs from controversial `` take-or-pay '' contracts . 
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named . 
But he says he would prefer to get nominations from rank-and-file folks . 
It was a nightmare , '' says Susan Noble , an investment manager at Robert Fleming Holdings Ltd. 's International Investment Management unit in London . 
The bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.9 billion in supplemental anti-drug funds for Justice Department and law-enforcement accounts that are still in conference with the House . 
Allianz said it won French government approval to buy as much as one-third of Navigation Mixte , a diversified financial , transport and food holding company . 
According to the American Cancer Society , smoking is responsible for 85 % of the lung-cancer cases among men and 75 % among women . 
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center-right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 . 
Power generation had higher sales but lower earnings ; the company cited factors including work on certain low profit-margin contracts from previous years . 
John Kriz , a Moody 's vice president , said Boston Safe Deposit 's performance has been hurt this year by a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities . 
The plan Eastern hopes to pursue , he said , calls for Eastern to have $ 390 million in cash by year 's end . 
UAL , which is trying to reconstruct a buy-out bid that banks would n't finance , represents the future of one of the most powerful ingredients in the bull market - corporate restructuring . 
Graham Pimlott , 40 , was named to the new post of chief executive officer of the merchant-banking corporate-finance division . 
They want late-night shuttles to the biology labs . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. , as previously reported , had net of $ 65.9 million , reversing a $ 3.5 million loss a year earlier ; its latest results include a $ 37 million gain from the sale of an institutional money management business . 
Compaq Computer Corp. said that its net income rose 51 % in the third quarter , bolstered by unusual gains from its investment in a disk-drive maker and reflecting continued growth in its European operations . 
`` The change taking place in the Soviet Union , Poland and Hungary has aroused new hope in both German states that reforms will be undertaken in { East Germany } , and that relations between the two German states , too , will get better , '' said Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher . 
Mr. Baker seems especially sensitive to the Washington ailment known as Beltway-itis . 
Bally officials decline to discuss the situation . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
But top management should watch for other tell-tale signs of employee misdeeds , like expense-account fudging and phone misuse . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.50 % 30 days ; 8.40 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days . 
Some funds are posting yields far higher than the average . 
Congress tightened auto safety standards for gray-market imports after U.S. auto dealers , including franchised foreign-car dealers , complained that they often were blamed when the second and third buyers of such vehicles found that the cars could n't meet U.S. auto safety standards . 
He says the economy , and especially the employment numbers , look much better than he expected ; interest rates have generally declined ; inflation has n't run amok . 
In early trading in Tokyo Thursday , the Nikkei index rose 145.45 points to 35587.85 . 
Why has it taken people so long for people to understand pediatric AIDS is a major problem ? '' asked Helen Kushnick , whose son Samuel died six years ago at age three , victim of a tainted transfusion . 
For bankers and regulators , Arizona is looking more like Texas every day . 
The acquisition would give Wilmington , Del.-based Star States access to the Pennsylvania market . 
And debt-ridden Campeau Corp. of Toronto is giving up the 17-store Bloomingdale 's group . 
And it is n't the only giant issue : together , the top four issues will raise $ 1.3 billion . 
Revenue climbed 28 % , to $ 1.18 billion from $ 925 million . 
However , these figures do n't seem to worry Thomas A. Durkin , an economist at the Federal Reserve Board . 
`` It should read , `` Have You Anything Left ? '' 
Americans stay longer with Japanese firms than American companies . 
But some indexers make little or no use of futures , saying that these instruments present added risks for investors . 
The publisher was able to register soaring quarter net income because of a onetime gain on the sale of its cable-TV system . 
`` People will learn to be more circumspect . 
Then , in May 1988 , Mr. Tisch urgently needed to make a bold statement to quell rumors that he might sell the network . 
But overall buying interest remained strong through Monday , with many observers saying they expect the Nikkei to continue with moderate gains this week . 
A decline in Allied-Signal Inc. 's automotive business contributed to flat sales and only slightly higher earnings in the third quarter . 
Sweden 's National Audit Bureau releases its report confirming payment of about $ 40 million to unidentified Indians . 
The accord , which covers $ 52.7 billion of Mexico 's medium - and long-term debt , is expected to go into effect in early 
Within three weeks of the 1975 end to fixed rates there were all-out price wars among brokers fighting for institutional business , with rate slashes of 35 % to 60 % below pre-May 1 levels . 
Pension reserves , on the other hand , made up a relatively small part of household assets until the last decade , when they skyrocketed . 
`` I expect to see the demand exceed supply for Fujis for the next 10 to 15 years , '' he adds . 
If the ships are n't delivered , however , it will likely have an effect on the company 's earnings as soon as the 1990 fiscal year , which begins Dec. 1 . 
Kellogg is based in Battle Creek , Mich. , a city that calls itself the breakfast capital of the world . 
In addition to increasing costs as a result of greater financial exposure for members , these measures could have other , far-reaching repercussions . 
`` When they are buying back stock at 10 times earnings , they are suggesting that the rate of return on competing internal projects is below '' returns on the stock . 
The transaction is expected to close within about 20 days , the company added . 
It allowed Mr. Kasparov to exchange his dark-squared bishop for one of D.T. 's knights . 
`` Oil of Olay brought with it the baggage of being used basically by older women who had already aged , '' says David Williams , a consultant with New England Consulting Group . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries a warrant exercisable Nov. 24 , 1989 , through Oct. 29 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 31 . 
The growing sales sustained by domestic demand failed to counter rising material metal costs and declining profitability in overseas construction , Furukawa said . 
When he met with Mr. Bush on his return , Mr. Lee says , he told the president that the Chinese `` made statements to me that I regard as a first step toward reconciliation . '' 
Mr. Ritterman said that in the next six months he will take $ 50 million from the Soap Opera Digest sale to acquire new magazines . 
Welcome to that welter of contradictions known as Newport Beach . 
Thursdays , Nov. 2-23 , 10-11 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Taiwan : The Other China . '' 
Shiseido Co. , Japan 's leading cosmetics producer , said it had net income of 5.64 billion yen ( $ 39.7 million ) in its first half , which ended Sept. 30 . 
Despite valiant efforts by Finance Minister Mailson Ferreira da Nobrega , inflation came to 36 % in September alone and is expected to top 1,000 % for the year . 
They said the president conceded the notification requirement did n't affect his decision to lend only minor support to this month 's Panama coup effort . 
`` It 's not as if we 're teaching language per se , '' he says , `` We 're just using it . '' 
Meanwhile , a federal mediator is scheduled to meet today with Boeing officials and representatives of 55,000 striking Machinists . 
GM officials also see a lot of potential in marrying Jaguar 's cars to the technological know-how of Group Lotus PLC , a British engineering and specialty car maker GM bought in 1986 . 
Thus , it remains crucial for RJR to obtain top dollar for its smaller assets like the candy brands . 
`` The feeling among many experts on the commercial side is that the price paid at the time was excessive in any event , '' Mr. Tunick says . 
Ford Motor Credit -- $ 2.57 billion of certificates backed by automobile loans with a coupon rate of 8.70 % , priced at 99 19\/32 to yield 8.903 % through an underwriting group headed by First Boston Corp . 
Neither of the two chemists whose Utah experiments triggered the cold fusion uproar , Martin Fleischmann and B. Stanley Pons , were at the meeting . 
Skipping personal pleasantries , Mr. Lee picked up exactly where he left off several months earlier -- before the government crackdown in China -- when he had warned that the orthodox leadership in Beijing feared a plurality of views . 
While they consider the Chicago & North Western issue to be good , they do n't view it as the best . 
And what about the cost , and risk , of waiting to realize the hypothetical private market values ? '' 
`` People are breathing a major sigh of relief that the world did n't end Monday morning '' or yesterday . 
Odds and Ends 
Mr. Kennedy suggested Democrats `` yielded a great deal '' on the size of the increase , but he cited concessions from the White House on the training wage , which he said make it `` less harsh . '' 
Adverse publicity from the scandal surrounding its founder 's wife and related management strife have put pressure on the entire Helmsley organization . 
Projecting the latter over several decades , I find my cash buildup is impressive -- but can any high interest rate prevail for that long ? 
While Asian markets struggled to cope with the uncertainty caused by the Oct. 13 plunge in New York stock prices , futures trading in Hong Kong was relatively heavy and went smoothly . 
The pop sobered up investors who had been getting a little too ebullient , says Mr. Jarrett . 
Analysts say investors remain skittish toward Salomon because of its volatile earnings . 
Well , when Congress in its recent S&L bailout mandated that the thrifts sell off all their junk-bond holdings by 1994 , it not only artificially increased the supply of these bonds in the market but also eliminated one of the few profitable investments thrifts have made . 
And as Aeroflot struggles to boost its service standards , upgrade its fleet and pursue commercial opportunities , the Irish aviation industry seems poised to benefit . 
The two developments put the acquisition attempt back to square one and leaves the airline with an array of unresolved matters , including an unsettled labor situation and a management scrambling to restore its damaged credibility . 
Analysts agreed . 
Many groups are n't waiting that long . 
Almost one million shares of Sun Microsystems changed hands , but the issue was unchanged at 17 3\/4 . 
No less significant than the Japanese banks ' attempt to cut off funds to pressure a foreign government are the implications of a confrontation between Japan securities and banking industries . 
One difference , he said , is that the fourth quarter has significantly fewer workdays because of holidays and the hunting season . 
These are long-term Richter readings on American capitalism . 
High default rates , a low interest rate , and government coverage of all interest costs while the student is in school make program costs extremely high . 
The ad campaign represents an unusual spirit of cooperation among resorts and ski equipment makers ; normally , they only run ads hyping their own products and facilities . 
Silicon Graphics ' strategy seems to be paying off . 
In addition , earnings were reduced by rate reductions in Florida , Kentucky , Alabama , Tennessee and Louisiana . 
In late afternoon New York trading , the dollar was at 1.8415 marks and 142.85 yen compared with 1.8340 marks and 141.90 yen late Monday . 
But sooner or later , most of us have to think about life insurance , just as we often have to think about having root-canal work . 
They are also encouraged by the relatively mild side effects of FK-506 , compared with cyclosporine , which can cause renal failure , morbidity , nausea and other problems . 
Such concrete analysis is likely to lead to more fruitful dialogue between management and shareholders than the abstract debate about poison pills . 
Holiday said Salomon Brothers Inc. has been retained to act as the dealer-manager and financial adviser in connection with the offer and solicitation . 
The system is the first to be sold through the joint marketing agreement between Cray and Control Data Corp . 
Since then , a second group of franchisees has banded together to try to wrestle control of the unit from Mr. Posner . 
The offering is backed by Freddie Mac 's 10 % issue with a weighted average term to maturity of 29.583 months . 
In August , Omni unexpectedly bought Inspectorate 's 80 % stake in Harpener AG of West Germany , a land-rich company . 
Lawrence M. Gressette Jr. , president , was elected to the additional posts of chairman and chief executive officer of this utility holding company , effective Feb. 1 , 1990 . 
Among other things , the government is expected to report that the number of young cattle placed on feedlots during the quarter slipped 3 % . 
`` We 've had whopping declines in consumer energy prices in each of the past three months , and at the wholesale level those are fully behind us now , '' said Jay Woodworth , chief domestic economist at Bankers Trust Co. in New York . 
Republicans as well as Democrats were angered by the budget director 's rejection of Speaker Foley 's effort to expedite a deficitcutting measure by stripping it of the capital-gains tax cut as well as pet Democratic projects . 
In October , net sales of stock funds at Fidelity dropped sharply , Mr. Hines said . 
MCA said net also included certain reserves related to the restructuring of its LJN Toys ' international operations . 
The earthquake shattered windows at San Francisco International 's air-traffic control tower and rained pieces of the ceiling down on controllers , three of whom suffered minor injuries . 
No politician wants to say what I just said , not for a minute . 
Apparently , however , the improvement came too late . 
`` Even when I hear it played badly , I 'm still humbled by the piece . 
NBI said that it has the funds to pay the dividend , but that it does n't have the surplus or profit required under Delaware law for payment of the dividend . 
The presence of Unilever and P&G is likely to increase the impact of advertising on cosmetics . 
The joke here is that the Giants lost by de fault . 
In California , Bank of America dropped the yield on both six-month and one-year `` savings '' CDs to 8.33 % from 8.61 % . 
Names of possible deputies that have surfaced include former mayoral candidate Richard Ravitch , former schools chancellor Frank Macchiarola and Messrs. Leventhal and Gliedman . 
Get out of the possibly collapsing building to the parking lot . 
First , they are safe . 
But the company said the amount ca n't be determined until it knows how many managers opt to retire . 
From its inception , Conner has targeted the market for battery-operated machines , building hard-disk drives that are smaller and use far less power than those offered by competitors such as Seagate . 
Rockefeller Group agreed to sell a 51 % interest to Mitsubishi Estate , a major Japanese developer and property owner , for $ 846 million . 
At current levels of economic activity and earnings , stocks are fairly valued , she says . 
He says his company 's prowess at packaging and marketing `` is why we 'll be good at Columbia . 
In a public opinion poll published in the October issue of Parents Magazine , a third of those queried said they believe that ghosts or spirits make themselves known to people . 
One chapter opens : `` World War II was not one of France 's glorious moments . '' 
Ms. Johnson , who works out of Aetna 's office in Walnut Creek , an East Bay suburb , is awed by the earthquake 's destructive force . 
OPEC officials worry that prices could collapse a few months from now if the group does n't adopt new quotas . 
Big Board officials say only 25 contracts a day may trade at first , equivalent to a day 's action at a small , regional exchange . 
Markets -- 
Peter Kutney sold 5,000 shares , all of his holdings , for $ 11.38 a share , or $ 56,900 . 
`` I was never a rebel , '' he said in an earlier interview . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Once the consolidation is complete , Bethlehem plans to concentrate its forgings business on nuclear fabrication , hardened steel and large-diameter steel rolls for rolling mills and selected custom-die applications . 
In a great restaurant , do n't deprive yourself . 
Unlike options on individual issues , index options are settled only in cash , and no stock is ever tendered . 
`` There are virtually no new projects , and that means no new business for us , '' he says . 
Mr. Curran expects industry RV sales for all of 1989 to fall about 5 % from 1988 , when sales of 427,300 units were the highest since 1978 . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
One spot shows a Sonata next to a rival midsized car , and an announcer says , `` Listen to what they 're saying about the Hyundai Sonata . '' 
Included was the charge that Sindona siphoned $ 45 million of Franklin funds for his other ventures . 
Alternatively , it would offer to swap three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . 
When the weather cools , Mr. Baker says , hobos often hole up in abandoned houses . 
Texas is big and beautiful and they live here , that 's all . 
When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons . 
`` This technique is applicable to a wide variety of crops , '' he said , and added that some modifications may be necessary to accommodate the peculiarities of each type of crop . 
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million . 
Players ran out on the field way below , and the stands began to reverberate . 
Miami Lakes , Fla . 
All the figures are adjusted for seasonal variations . 
Philippe Gras , a Renault managing director , said the new line will cover trucks of between 2.5 tons and 4.2 tons and will be built at Renault 's Bapilly plant in France and at DAF 's British plant . 
The facility will be marketed toward families , and room rates will be between $ 35 and $ 55 a night , MGM Grand said . 
Total tire segment sales were up only about 1 % to $ 2.2 billion , and the company said it reduced manufacturing levels at some of its U.S. tire plants because of inventory adjustments and slackened production by auto makers . 
Only 42 GOP members opposed the president 's veto , a marginal increase over the vote two weeks ago and just 12 more than the 30 who supported the rape-and-incest exemption last year . 
Magazine editors did not take the criticisms lying down . 
Office Market Weakens In Overbuilt Northeast 
`` There is n't much question there will continue to be a ripple effect , '' said John Reidy , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
I 'm enjoying my life and who I am today . 
Revenue : $ 899.6 million 
Car prices , another area that contributed to the steep rise in the wholesale index last month , still showed declines at the consumer level . 
Of the combined $ 114.4 million the two men were scheduled to reap under the buy-out , they agreed to invest in the buy-out just $ 15 million , angering many of the thousands of workers asked to make pay concessions so the buy-out would be a success . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , LIN rose 50 cents , to $ 109.25 . 
Morgan , Toronto-Dominion and Provident are leading that syndicate . 
Note that the younger couple 's portfolio has a higher expected annual return , 10.1 % vs. 8.8 % , as calculated by Seidman Financial Services , which is the financial-planning affiliate of BDO Seidman . 
The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . 
Late in the New York trading day , the dollar was quoted at 1.8578 marks , up from 1.8470 marks late Thursday in New York . 
The first part , consisting of $ 2 billion of bonds due Oct. 1 , 2019 , with a five-year non-call provision , was priced as 8 3\/4 % securities at 96.808 to yield 9.06 % . 
Also , James Needham , an SEC commissioner , in April 1972 had warned that the industry might face a `` federal agency writing accounting rules '' if they rejected the FASB idea . 
In his opening arguments last week in federal court in New York , Mr. Lang told the jury that Mr. Lorin was the `` real master criminal '' behind the stock manipulation , and that Mr. Laff knew nothing about it . 
The volatility was dizzying for traders . 
To keep the exchange rate pegged , Mr. Lawson tightened monetary policy and pushed interest rates up to 15 % . 
The chips use materials , such as lead zirconate titanate , to form microscopic switches that retain their data without electricity . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
The play concerns Teddy 's homecoming with his wife of six years , Ruth . 
That , coupled with lower semiconductor prices and higher semiconductor-depreciation expense , contributed to the decline in sales and profit . 
Drexel 's proposed state fines have been based on a state 's population and on the size of Drexel 's business in the state . 
Despite levels of obstruction , incompetence and ensuing frustration of mythic proportion , these projects all remain , in my mind , valuable and well worth the effort . 
`` Some people flat out did n't know what to do , '' says Robert G. Lee , vice president for emergency planning and corporate security at Great Western . 
Western Digital Corp. reported a net loss of $ 2.7 million , or nine cents a share , for its first quarter ended Sept. 30 , citing factors as varied as hurricane damage , an advance in graphics technology and the strengthening dollar . 
Asset-backed securities `` are an attractive investment compared to bank certificates of deposit or other corporate bonds , '' says Craig J. Goldberg , managing director and head of the asset-backed securities group at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
`` Are you stupid ? '' he snaps . 
Investors pulled back from bond funds in September , too . 
The team even created a points system to identify those couriers and subgroups that were doing the most to reduce package-sort cycle time . 
James Barth , an economist with the Office of Thrift Supervision , also attributed some of the outflow to seasonal factors . 
The move will help the bank to keep up with international solvency ratios being phased in by the Bank for International Settlements and will also represent the first time that its voting shares have been held by a party other than the government . 
The accusations of lying and duplicity are flying thick and fast on both sides : As one Sony executive puts it , `` It 's World War III . '' 
But company insiders estimated that the loss could approach the equivalent of $ 10 million . 
In the third quarter , orders rose a real 5 % and a nominal 9 % . 
Fees 1 3\/4 . 
But it will slow production . '' 
The people who tape the most buy the most . '' 
`` They had to do it . '' 
Rochester Telephone Corp. said it agreed to buy Viroqua Telephone Co. of Viroqua , Wis . 
James River , a maker of pulp , paper and plastic products , already has interests in tissue businesses in France , Spain , Italy and Turkey . 
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time . 
Instead of focusing on the Contras , Mr. Bush has switched to urging members of Congress -- most recently in a White House meeting yesterday -- to approve financing for the election campaign of political opponents of Nicaragua 's Sandinista government . 
In the 1988 fourth quarter , Ford had net of $ 1.16 billion , or $ 2.42 a share . 
Were we smart or just lucky ? 
In addition , the acquisition includes production assets of Invercon Papermils , a maker of household tissue products for the U.K. and Ireland . 
The leaders expressed support for trying to revive the bid following a briefing Wednesday by the union 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Paul , Weiss , Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
Toshiyuki Nishimura , an analyst at Yamaichi Securities , said , `` The market sentiment is bullish , simply because there are few bad factors . '' 
Digital Equipment Corp. , with major facilities in Santa Clara , Cupertino , Palo Alto and Mountain View , said that all of its engineering and manufacturing sites had reported to corporate headquarters in Maynard , Mass. , Tuesday night . 
To be sure , one wonders what kind of man is this , who feels compelled to try to understand the most primitive longing and instinct in a way that requires the most sophisticated appreciation of visual storytelling . 
Last year 's series , broadcast by General Electric Co. 's NBC , was the lowest-rated Series in four years ; instead of featuring a major East Coast team against a West Coast team , it pitted the Los Angeles Dodgers against the losing Oakland A's . 
`` It is close to being a record undersubscription , '' said Bob Bucknell , an analyst with London broker Smith New Court Securities . 
Colgate sold its hospital supply and home health care business last year . 
Mr. Carver , however , believes the company 's egg product wo n't help the bottom line in the short run , even though it `` makes sense -- it 's more convenient '' and justifies its price , which is higher than shell eggs , because of health and sanitation concerns . 
The effete Tyrannosaurus Rex Had strict Cretaceous views on sex , And that is why you only see him Reproduced in the museum . 
It would n't identify the bankers . 
Carl Banerian Jr . Birmingham , Mich . 
Most of its 4,500 workers were at work yesterday , and no production slowdown was anticipated as long as electricity remains available . 
Psyllium needs sandy soil , dew during the first few weeks , and then total dryness when its seeds are maturing . 
Do the Japanese feel so superior that they can not find capable American managers ? 
MURDER THREAT charged in Haas Securities Corp . stock-manipulation trial . 
To get around the delays caused by the optical device , Businessland , which is Next 's exclusive dealer to corporations , has for months been advising customers to purchase hard drives with the machines . 
The sweep by the A's , whose pitchers and home-run hitters dominated the injury-prone Giants , will only make things worse for ABC , owned by Capital Cities\/ABC Inc . 
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the First Section , which declined 5.16 on Monday , was up 16.05 , or 0.60 % , at 2692.65 on Tuesday . 
`` It means we 're eating into the bread that keeps us going . 
-- Democratization . 
Mr. Kellner said that despite losses on UAL stock , his firm 's health is `` excellent . '' 
But analysts say Sansui is a special case . 
Investors have complained for some time about program trading , particularly index arbitrage , to little avail . 
TCI said it may bring in other cable operators as investors , a practice it has employed in the past with investments in other cable networks , such as The Discovery Channel . 
Kansas Power said Mr. Black , 61 , chose early retirement . 
Traditionally , the medical establishment has waited two years to approve adult treatments for pediatric uses , because of a combination of conservative safety standards and red tape . 
The embargo lasted only six months , but the price hikes became a fact of life . 
After August the Fed may have stopped sterilizing , but it 's hard to see much impact on the dollar . 
Winners of the friendly competition earn a steak dinner out with their spouses . 
`` We 're being paid today , but we 're worried about tomorrow and will want '' letters of credit , says the sales director at one major dress maker who asked not to be identified . 
Mr. Angrist writes on the options and commodities markets for The Wall Street Journal . 
Revenue slipped 1.2 % to $ 2.21 billion from $ 2.23 billion . 
Traders said investors were reacting to recent negative news on the city 's finances and are nervous ahead of the Nov. 7 election . 
New two-year notes ended unchanged while three-year and four-year notes were slightly lower . 
The disorders , which 20 years ago struck middle-age and older people , `` now strike people at the height of productivity , '' says Robert M.A. Hirschfeld , of the National Institute of Mental Health , who spoke at the presentation of the study 's findings . 
The owner was Israel Ortiz , a 29-year-old entrepreneur and father of two . 
The rationale for responding to your customers ' needs faster than the competition can is clear : Your company will benefit in terms of market share , customer satisfaction and profitability . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days . 
In the first nine months of this year output was 5,377,000 metric tons , down from 5,441,000 metric tons a year earlier . 
Stock-index arbitrage buy programs -- in which traders buy stock against offsetting positions in futures to lock in price differences -- helped the rally 's momentum . 
Then they took the art to Acapulco and began to trade some of it for cocaine . 
That 's a headache for long-term investors , since it forces them to reinvest their money -- usually at lower rates than the original mortgage securities carried . 
Nicholas Hall , the president of the Colnaghi U.S.A. Ltd. gallery in New York , sold Mr. Paul `` Abraham and Sarah in the Wilderness '' by Giovanni Battista Tiepolo . 
Moreover , both men have hewn to a similar hard-line philosophy . 
The environmental services company said that the discontinuation of unsuccessful product lines and an increase in baddebt reserves probably will result in charges of $ 2.5 million to $ 4 million , most of which will be taken against third-quarter results . 
`` We 've done a lot to improve ( U.S. . ) results and a lot more will be done , '' Mr. Mark said . 
Net foreign investment through August this year has been running at a pace of $ 12.5 billion , about double the year-earlier rate . 
For the nine months , TRW 's net was $ 199 million , or $ 3.22 a share , down 3 % from $ 205 million , or $ 3.33 a share , a year earlier . 
The Barre dictatorship simply is limited in the amount of people it can torture and kill . 
Conner already is shipping its new drives . 
WHEN AN IRA OWNER dies , the trustee of the individual retirement account must file forms 5498 reporting market values relating to the decedent and each beneficiary , with copies to the executor and beneficiaries . 
Occupational disability related to anxiety , depression and stress costs about $ 8,000 a case in terms of worker 's compensation . 
Revenue at the broadcasting unit , consisting of the network and stations , advanced 11 % , to $ 838 million from $ 752.9 million . 
Short-term rates rose yesterday at the government 's weekly Treasury bill auction , compared with the previous bill sale . 
`` A kind of no-mistakes mentality '' had been stifling activity , says Don Covey , Mitchell 's oil exploration chief . 
That 's the primary reason the company 's share price has held up so well when , in Mr. Smith 's words , `` most companies would have unraveled '' by now . 
Foreign exchange dealers said that the currency market has begun to distance itself from the volatile stock exchange , which has preoccupied the market since Oct. 13 , when the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged more than 190 points . 
PLO leader Arafat asked Egypt to seek clarifications from the U.S. on Secretary of State Baker 's plan for Mideast peace talks , an aide to Egyptian President Mubarak said . 
A grand jury here indicted Norton Co. 's former director of advanced-ceramics research , charging him with interstate transportation of stolen property . 
Over the next three years , public schools will get 1.5 million PCs , a 15-fold increase from current levels . 
The Red Cross has opened 30 shelters in the Bay area , serving 5,000 people . 
`` Ten years ago , a physician would go to a town and take out a loan ( to start a practice ) , '' says James Merritt , president of Merritt , Hawkins & Associates , an Irvine , Calif. , physician recruiter that conducted the survey . 
And a squad of influential former Senate aides employed by the Wall Street firm Salomon Brothers came to the Capitol in a vain attempt to strip the provision . 
Marketers speculate that more affluent people tend to lead more pressured lives and do n't have time to research the products they buy for the highest quality and most reasonable price . 
Sales fell 2.5 % to $ 1.54 billion from $ 1.58 billion . 
First-round draft picks have done even better : Average salaries and bonuses for them rose to $ 685,000 this year , up 44 % from 1987 . 
Dun & Bradstreet Corp. said business failures fell 17.8 % to 11,586 in the third quarter from 14,099 in the year-earlier period . 
He was threatening to take over the carrier , after spending an estimated $ 167 million to build an 8.4 % USAir stake for his investment clients . 
The problem is not that the Fed is too unresponsive to the public interest . 
And even some pro-union pilots say his charisma and popularity among the many former military fliers could be tough to beat . 
In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures and options . 
Insurers typically retain a small percentage of the risks they underwrite and pass on the rest of the losses . 
At a later news conference here , Frank Lorenzo , chairman of Eastern 's parent Texas Air Corp. , said Eastern was exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 protection from creditors early next year , operating with more service than it originally had scheduled . 
Declaring that there was life after Congress , he resigned almost immediately after media reports questioned the propriety of a 1986 junk-bond investment , before any official investigations took hold . 
The loss was largely due to a $ 55.2 million addition to reserves . 
While a large number of Hong Kong companies have reincorporated offshore ahead of 1997 , such a move is n't an option for Cathay because it would jeopardize its landing rights in Hong Kong . 
Acadia would sell up to 10 % of the equity in the reorganized company to creditors and bondholders in exchange for the cash distribution , but creditors and bondholders would receive no discount for their shares . 
It 's that we do n't want to . 
`` If I can show signs of maturity , almost anybody can , '' he jokes . 
Thereafter , interest paid annually at 7.65 % . 
My questions on this subject at a recent meeting at the World Resources Institute with representatives of the National Resource Development Commission , the Environmental Protection Agency , Friends of the Earth , etc. were greeted with derision and some mumbled comments about that report being discredited . 
`` Our very disappointing third-quarter results and the discouraging outlook for the fourth quarter underscore the importance of an adequate capital base , '' he said . 
Is somebody telling us something ? 
That total would be important for Drexel . 
The rest ought to be used to clean out drugs from the neighbhorhoods . 
The two companies , both based in San Juan , will form a bank holding company with assets of just over $ 9 billion . 
But the UAL collapse , he says , `` may tell you it 's not going to work that easily . '' 
Public preference is important , So product names should match up , And firms that find they 're lagging behind Should now take steps to ketchup ! 
No employee or vendor would be involved . 
These figures are n't seasonally adjusted . 
The company 's domestic business , especially its household products division , has performed poorly for years . 
Sheldon B. Lubar , chairman of Lubar & Co. , and John L. Murray , chairman of Universal Foods Corp. , were elected to the board of this engine maker . 
But there still may be prolonged debate and political maneuvering that holds up the $ 156.7 billion funding bill for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1 . 
`` It sounded like something out of Ian Fleming , '' Mr. Engelken recalls . 
Bank of England officials said the central bank had no comment on Mr. Lawson 's resignation . 
There 's also , for instance , the need to be part of the in-crowd . 
Ever since the link to cholesterol was disclosed , Americans have begun scarfing up psyllium in their breakfast cereals . 
Here are auction details : 
Trading in Cineplex Odeon Corp. shares was halted on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges late yesterday afternoon at the company 's request , Toronto Stock Exchange officials said . 
An official at Wako Securities said these investors feel the need to make quick profits , despite destabilizing external factors , such as political uncertainty tied to the ruling party 's fate at next year 's Lower House elections - an event which could directly affect the stock market . 
Meanwhile , Lockheed Corp. priced a $ 300 million note offering to yield 9.39 % . 
The nations of southern Africa know a lot about managing elephants ; their herds are thriving . 
`` But this way , American will coordinate good extensions to Boston , New York , Chicago and Dallas . 
West Virginia Parkways Economic Development and Tourism Authority -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , via a PaineWebber group . 
After long stretches of this attendant ground activity came 20 or so lovely minutes of drifting above the Vosges watching the silver mists rise off the river and the French cows amble about the fields . 
And the in-and-outer might miss the sudden spurts that account for much of the stock market 's gains over time . 
A corporation that wants to sell stock or bonds goes to a Wall Street firm , which purchases the securities outright , accepting the financial risk of finding buyers . 
He does this in at least three of his solo pieces . 
Meanwhile , Japanese government bonds retreated in quiet trading , stymied by the dollar 's resiliency . 
Long-term support for the December contract was believed to be at $ 1.25 a pound . 
The prospect of such a takeover fight has sent Jaguar shares soaring in recent weeks . 
The move was meant to keep a lid on interest rates and to boost investor confidence . 
Trucking , shipping and air-freight companies have announced rate increases , scheduled for this fall or early next year , reflecting higher costs and tightened demand for freight transport . 
The real estate limited partnership also said it will pay a special year-end cash distribution of 10 cents a unit . 
The board estimated that the cost of building a pipeline from the Mackenzie delta to Alberta would be about C$ 5.9 million . 
By this time last year , he noted , arrivals totaling 33,270 tons had been announced . 
`` It just makes healthy businesses subsidize unhealthy ones and gives each employer less incentive to keep his workers healthy . '' 
This would make the market-oriented system more attractive to Eastern countries , they argue , and allow greater economic aid and technological know-how to flow from West to East . 
`` If one thinks that rates are going down , you do n't care how much supply is coming . '' 
Thomas Plaskett , Pan Am 's chairman , said the U.S. airline 's participation is a natural outgrowth of its current arrangements with Aeroflot to jointly operate nonstop New York-Moscow flights . 
The company also cited the stronger dollar , which cuts the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars . 
He said he was giving up the golden share `` to clear the way so the playing field is level between all contestants . '' 
You ca n't rely now solely on consumer spending to sustain the economy on a solid growth path , '' said Norman Robertson , chief economist at Mellon Bank in Pittsburgh . 
Citibank and Chase had agreed to commit $ 3 billion , and said they were `` highly confident '' of raising another $ 4.2 billion . 
There are times when she must show a little emotion . 
Mr. Peters acknowledges that and says it 's not unlike the situation he and Mr. Guber are in with Warner . 
As the announcer reads favorable quotes about the model from Motor Trend and Road & Track magazines , the other car , which is white , slowly turns green . 
But the Japanese practice of deep discounting often is cited by Americans as a classic barrier to entry in Japan 's market . 
What complicates the scene in Cambodia is that the current regime is already communist , as are its Vietnamese overseers back in Hanoi , as are the Khmer Rouge -- who are the strongest of the three guerrilla groups . 
Mr. Engelken , now a transit-association executive in Washington , D.C. , and Mr. Thomson , a paper-products salesman in Montvale , N.J. , had n't even talked to each other . 
Already , USX Corp. and Armco Inc. are studying Nucor 's technology to see if they can adopt it . 
Assume that a TV network is airing a celebrity interview program with a live audience . 
`` The interest-rate sensitives are n't rallying with the rest of the market because of fears about what the ( Federal Reserve ) will do , '' Mr. Jennison said . 
And Chase will have to spend approximately $ 50 million to remove asbestos from the premises . 
`` Everybody forgets that there are fashion cycles in classic merchandise , '' observes Carol Farmer , a retail consultant . 
Sales of rolling bearings increased 19 % to 15.7 billion kronor from 13.2 billion kronor in the corresponding period the previous year . 
That idea may have backfired . 
BanPonce reacted cooly at first , but appeared to be won over , analysts said , by Banco Popular 's assurances that it wanted only a friendly transaction . 
The restyled 300ZX costs as much as $ 33,000 and is squared off against the Porche 944 , which begins at $ 41,900 . 
Mr. Falls kept the form , but Americanized it with Mr. Bartlett 's further help . 
`` They should call { the exchange } Trump East , '' charged Mr. Wohlstetter , the 79-year-old founder of Contel who 's also a former investment banker and stock trader . 
Mr. Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges . 
A Fidelity spokesman in Boston denied the speculation , saying the program-trading issue was more of a regulatory problem . 
Mr. Bronner seems to believe that the hearings could have gone either way . 
Similarly , Alfred Rubega , New Hampshire 's director of securities regulation , said his state had n't received any complaints about Drexel , so it really could n't press the issue . 
The educational effort of teaching companies in the natural gas industry how to use the futures to hedge would have to continue for another a year or two , he added . 
Thomas E. Lovejoy Assistant Secretary for External Affairs Smithsonian Institution 
Sansui was once one of Japan 's premier makers of expensive , high-quality stereo gear for audiophiles . 
Congress 's ham-handed treatment of the existing structure of junk-bond holdings reminds us of a story in the Journal earlier this year about the Baby Bell companies ' desire to have the court-ordered bans lifted on offering information services . 
Although settlement talks had been dropped , attorneys for the two sides apparently began talking again yesterday in an attempt to settle the matter before Thursday , when a judge is expected to rule on Warner 's request for an injunction that would block the two producers from taking over the management of Columbia . 
Jaguar 's American depositary receipts added 3\/8 to 10 3\/4 on volume of 1.1 million . 
The payments are n't expected to have an impact on coming operating results , Linear added . 
It also said projections of surging U.S. demand for natural gas and price forecasts of C$ 5.25 per thousand cubic feet by 2005 would make the project economically viable . 
The figures occasionally include incomplete transactions in restricted stock . 
Journal readers are relatively affluent , with a median household income of between $ 75,000 and $ 99,000 . 
Sales of consumer goods rose 6.9 % in the same period , while sales of intermediate goods were up 13.8 % from a year ago . 
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . '' 
One is a strong , vigorous portrayal of Shakespeare 's play ; the other is director Gregory Boyd 's overlay of present-day punk rock decadence on old Vienna . 
`` Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous '' may be visiting some new venues in the near future . 
That would be a huge problem if it were to continue , because Unisys is betting its business on the assumption that customers want to move away from using operating systems that run on only one manufacturer 's equipment and toward systems -- mainly Unix -- that work on almost anyone 's machines . 
Although analysts do n't expect the Federal Reserve to ease credit policy soon , reports like those yesterday help build the case for lower rates . 
A security guard at a cargo terminal , he wears a Sons of Italy jacket and cap celebrating `` The US 1 Band . '' 
But stay tuned . 
AT&T said third-quarter net income grew , despite stiff competition in all of the company 's markets . 
At the recent meetings of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund , the Bush administration announced its intention to decide by yearend the size of the next increase in the IMF 's capital base . 
The IRS had demanded $ 90 million but Mr. Hunt would agree to no more than $ 60 million . 
However , Japanese authorities apparently were concerned that a refinancing also would attract too much publicity . 
Weisfield 's rocketed 9 1\/2 to 39 after the jewelry store operator said it is in preliminary discussions , with a party it would n't identify , regarding the possible acquisition of the company . 
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission ruled unanimously that the financial troubles facing the Seabrook , N.H. , nuclear-power plant have no impact on whether the plant receives a full-power license . 
The Maidenform name `` is part of American pop culture , '' says Joan Sinopoli , account supervisor of the campaign by Levine , Huntley , Schmidt & Beaver , a New York ad firm . 
Four former Cordis Corp. officials were acquitted of federal charges related to the Miami-based company 's sale of pacemakers , including conspiracy to hide pacemaker defects . 
Congress would then need the usual two-thirds majority to override any veto . 
According to John Maxwell , an analyst at Wheat First Securities , Richmond , Va. , Benson & Hedges has slipped from 4.7 % of the cigarette market in 1985 to just 4.1 % after the second quarter of this year . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Dunkin ' Donuts ' announcement followed DD Acquisition 's request to the Delaware Court of Chancery Monday to set a trial date for its suit against the company . 
It is also a partner in the wireline cellular franchise covering most of western New Mexico . 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time . 
Many political analysts have speculated that the Reagan years would produce a staunchly conservative younger generation . 
Japanese and U.S. photographic firms are beginning to produce electronic cameras and X-rays that do n't require silver , dealers say . 
As such , the soluble fiber has an almost fanatic following in northern India . 
Notes , which is designed for advanced computers that display graphics , allows mail senders to put different logos on their mail . 
The move is part of a drive to increase Colgate 's business with dentists , a company spokeswoman said . 
It chronicles how , over a period of a dozen years , Southern Methodist University bought its way to football respectability in the Southwest Conference , only to find itself trapped and strangled by the athlete-payoff system it created . 
It also could put the government into the RU-486 business , which would please feminists dismayed at what they view as pusillanimity in the private-sector drug industry . 
London share prices closed sharply lower Tuesday on the back of Wall Street 's steep drop and renewed fears over U.K. economic fundamentals . 
And Japan 's management system makes it hard to impose a single , integrated computer system corporatewide . 
A spokesman for LTV Steel , which is a unit of Dallas-based LTV Corp. , noted that steel prices , adjusted for inflation , increased only 1.7 % between 1981 and the fourth quarter of 1988 , while the prices of other industrial commodities increased nearly five times as much . 
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers . 
The major legal barrier is the principle that no one can be held liable for an `` act of God . '' 
The owner , who begs anonymity , asserts that the dwarf , appearing as a dark shadow , has manhandled her , tossing her around the living room and yanking out a hank of hair . 
First Union , with assets of about $ 32 billion , said it was disappointed by the delay but said it would cooperate with regulatory authorities . 
`` We see coal 's piece of the action growing , '' Mr. Hutchinson said . 
Traders estimated that Bear , Stearns bought more than 1 million shares . 
Obviously , it 's harder to establish a sense of place in a one-shot TV movie . 
Also , the high price of San Francisco real estate puts the state at odds with federal regulations more attuned to the national average . 
Under what weights will the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation totter ? 
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue . 
For the nine months , Mercury posted a loss of $ 5.4 million , or 86 cents share , against net income of $ 4 million , or 63 cents share , a year earlier . 
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner . 
But the Pennsylvania measure also includes an `` informed consent '' provision that may become widely imitated by abortion foes who want to make women contemplating abortion as uncomfortable as possible with the procedure and with themselves . 
While Saatchi 's major agency networks -- Backer Spielvogel and Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising -- would be difficult for any ad firm to buy because of potential client conflicts , its smaller businesses are quite attractive . 
Not only that , Sony also agreed to give them a stake in Columbia 's future profits and buy their company , Guber Peters Entertainment Co. , for $ 200 million , almost 40 % more than the market value of the company . 
In five minutes , the Dow industrials climbed almost 30 points . 
He tried management consulting , traded in turquoise for a while , and even managed professional wrestlers . 
ITT Corp. , its insurance business hurt by Hurricane Hugo , reported a 4 % decline in third-quarter net income , despite a 4.2 % rise in revenue . 
There are some important caveats : Before investing in stocks , individuals should have at least three to six months of living expenses set aside in the bank , most investment advisers say . 
The holding company said the rights offering should reduce its C$ 171 million debt to `` more manageable levels '' before Dec. 31 and allow it to finance future investments with equity capital . 
It also plans to add suits cut for athletic men with broader upper bodies . 
In addition , Moody 's said it downgraded Financiere Credit Suisse-First Boston 's senior and subordinated Swiss debt to single-A-2 from single-A-1 and lowered Financiere CSFB N.V. 's junior subordinated perpetual Eurodebt , guaranteed by Financiere Credit Suisse -- First Boston , to single-A-3 from single-A-2 . 
`` When someone says , ` I 've turned to God , ' everybody lays off , '' observes Frank Mankiewicz , an old Washington hand and former aide to Robert Kennedy . 
ESB spurned Inco and within five days ESB had a `` white knight '' as United Aircraft -- headed by Harry Gray , a shrewdly friendly acquirer of companies -- offered $ 34 a share . 
Takashimaya Co. , Japan 's oldest department store , is another name that keeps popping up as a potential fit with Saks . 
There is such a maze of federal , state and local codes that `` building inspectors are backing away from interpreting them , '' Mr. Dooling says . 
Yet Mr. McDuffie 's career has developed at a slower pace than those of some of his better known contemporaries . 
Such investors tend to be more cautious than institutional investors are about re-entering the market after massive selloffs , market makers say . 
On leasing , Bob Djurdjevic at Annex Research said he thinks IBM has hurt itself unnecessarily . 
The pound , which had been trading at about $ 1.6143 in New York prior to Mr. Lawson 's announcement , sank more than two cents to $ 1.5930 , prompting the Federal Reserve Bank to buy pounds for dollars . 
AGIP already has an oil stake in Libya . 
In that way , the pilots may be able to force the board to approve a recapitalization that gives employees a majority stake , or to consider the labor-management group 's latest proposal . 
Excerpts follow : 
Stock-market investments also help balance the other assets an individual owns , says John Blankenship Jr. , president of the Institute of Certified Financial Planners . 
`` There seems to be a message from Moscow there 's a deal on offer , '' he says . 
But as part of the overall agreement , Grumman and its outspoken supporters on Capitol Hill effectively will be precluded from reopening the emotional issue in the debate over next year 's budget . 
As their varied strategies suggest , there is more than one way to respond to a disaster -- though it 's too soon to tell whether the changes will pay off . 
The caster improves the metallurgical quality of the iron mill rolls , which are basically huge rolling pins used to flatten or shape steel products . 
The safety board will begin four days of hearings on the accident tomorrow in Sioux City . 
Also , because UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf and other UAL executives have joined the pilots ' bid , the board might be forced to exclude him from its deliberations in order to be fair to other bidders . 
One simple approach is to exclude S&P 500 companies considered bankruptcy candidates ; this can avoid weak sisters , but also can hurt when a company like Chrysler Corp. rebounds . 
It sounds like the work of a decade , but the deadline is late 1991 , when Mrs. Thatcher is expected to call another national election . 
It also would create a new IRA that would shield from taxation the appreciation on investments made for a wide variety of purposes , including retirement , medical expenses , first-home purchases and tuition . 
Stock prices rose . 
`` We are a vanishing breed , '' he muses . 
`` We 've run out of places to build freeways in L.A. , and the only place to go is up , '' Mr. O'Connell said , although he acknowledges there are many obstacles , including cost . 
The Fuji is still small potatoes in the U.S. , sold mainly in fruit boutiques . 
Douglas Gould , vice president of communications for the Planned Parenthood Federation of America , calls Mr. Bush 's position on the abortion-funding issue `` extremely cruel , '' adding : `` The guy has n't done one thing about prevention . 
Stung by higher marketing costs and slowing volume growth , the giant Coke bottling operation said net fell to $ 12.7 million , or six cents a share , from $ 39.9 million , or 26 cents a share , the year earlier . 
Kent Jesperson , president of Foothills , said the company believes the project would be viable if gas prices reach US$ 3.25 a thousand cubic feet by 1995 , in current dollars , up from a current spot price of about US$ 1.50 . 
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved . 
Manville , a forest and building products concern , has offered to pay the trust $ 500 million for a majority of Manville 's convertible preferred stock . 
Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues , which gained 111.48 points Wednesday , climbed 266.66 , or 0.76 % , to 35374.22 . 
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania . 
Saab said last week it `` has had and will continue to have contacts with other manufacturers . '' 
But in the week following the 1987 stock crash , the exchange verged on collapse , and the stock and futures markets in Hong Kong were closed for four days . 
Embedded in the `` budget '' being concocted by the House-Senate conference committee is something that looks , smells and waddles like a duck . 
The weaknesses in his plan do not lie in the political calculations -- Mr. Gorbachev is a consummate political leader , perhaps one of the greatest -- but in its economic prescription . 
Sales nationally rose 3.9 % through July , the latest month for which the figures are available , the council said . 
Americans place native or native speakers in charge of subsidiaries overseas . 
For the quarter a year ago , Columbia reported earnings of $ 16.3 million , or 37 cents a share . 
Northeast 's raised bid , which was supported by PS of New Hampshire 's official shareholder committee , is a prelude to what is expected to be a round of higher bids by the other groups trying to acquire the company , the largest utility in New Hampshire . 
The companies are automotive-emissions-testing concerns . 
Hardest hit by Hugo in South Carolina were small retailers tied to the tourist industry and businesses in agriculture and cultivated seafood . 
They believe microeconomics , which addresses the problems of markets , investment climate and management practices , is the key to developing-country growth , not the IMF 's Keynesian focus on trade deficits , quarterly targets and government debt . 
And traders say that futures have become an accepted part of the financial landscape . 
`` It 's too early to tell '' what happens after that , he says . 
Mr. Busch says there is a scientific explanation for all haunts , and he can even tell you how to encourage the spirits . 
Some of the large amounts are being raised by small firms . 
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said . 
Despite such famous tenants as oil magnate John D. Rockefeller , Lake View Cemetery has fallen on hard times . 
Some in Hollywood suggest Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters took encouragement from Warner studio executives such as Mr. Semel and Mr. Canton too literally . 
A spokesman for McCaw said the company was `` moving forward with our financing . '' 
Friday 's correction presents `` a pretty good buying opportunity , but let 's not speculate at this point in the business cycle , '' says Carmine Grigoli , chief equity portfolio strategist at First Boston Corp . 
In the wake of Campeau 's problems , prices of junk bonds tumbled , throwing into doubt the ability of corporate acquirers to finance large takeovers with the help of junk bond sales . 
If it ca n't be made at that price , it does n't get filled . 
`` A similar result could sometimes be achieved , at less cost , by changing managements , '' he said . 
Employers foot the bill , he says , figuring what 's good for the couple is good for the company . 
They talked of the aftermath . 
`` I 'm hopeful that we 'll have further discussions , '' Mr. Hahn said . 
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take-it-or-leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job . 
This ballpark , the Stick , was not a classic baseball stadium -- too symmetrical , too much bald concrete . 
Mr. Wachtel points to Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo Inc. as examples : They 're selling for 18 to 22 times estimated 1990 per-share earnings . 
Such a policy implies that only a black politician can speak for a black person , and that only a white politician can govern on behalf of a white one . 
But it 's more like an illustration of what Ben Stein describes in his study of social attitudes in the TV industry : `` Fear of violence and animosity ... because of race or religion , fear and lack of comprehension about the politics of small-town people ... produce a powerful wave of dislike of small towns in the minds of TV writers and producers . '' 
When a House-Senate conference on yesterday 's bill rescinded $ 11.8 million in unexpended funds for a Fort Worth , Texas , economic development project backed by former Speaker James Wright , Sen. Phil Gramm ( R. , Texas ) insisted last week that the money be preserved . 
Campbell Soup Co. , for one , has concluded that it makes good sense to focus more on its most loyal customers than on people who buy competitive brands . 
Mr. Paul denies phoning and gloating . 
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels . 
Last week , underwriters were forced to postpone three junk bond deals because of recent weakness in the market . 
Issuance of those warrants will be at the rate of one-third warrant for each warrant exercised . 
Independent directors would be able to block transactions they unanimously deem would be likely to depress the private market value of LIN at the time it is to be sold in five years . 
FEDERAL JUDGE EXPANDS role of U.S. courts in extradition decisions . 
T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. said directors recommended stockholders approve a 2-for-1 stock split and an increase in authorized shares to 25 million from 10 million . 
Since its unsuccessful bid for BankAmerica Corp. in 1986 , the bank has undertaken a major restructuring in an effort to cut costs and boost performance , but many industry officials believe it may be ripe for a takeover bid , especially with interstate banking set to begin in California in 1991 . 
The new Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) was created in 1972 to replace the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants . 
Data Systems has five retail stores in the northeast , but specializes in selling personal computers made by International Business Machines Corp. and Apple Computer Inc. to banks , brokerage firms and other big businesses based in the New York metropolitan area . 
Nasdaq stocks that showed a drop in short interest included Adobe Systems , Class A shares of Tele-Communications and takeover targets Lyphomed and Jerrico . 
But most of the drug money is kept in investments and in financial institutions outside Colombia . 
Even though the announcement was true in the end , it was issued without the senator 's permission . 
`` This time though , '' he says , `` I think we got it . '' 
An outstanding issue in yesterday 's session was Mitsubishi Rayon , which surged 95 to 905 yen ( $ 6.34 ) a share . 
`` The ` r ' word is looming again , '' says one dealer , referring to persistent concern among some market analysts that the U.S. economy is heading toward a major slowdown if not a recession . 
To mollify shareholders concerned about the long-term value of the company under the BellSouth-LIN agreement , BellSouth also agreed to pay as much as $ 10 a share , or $ 540 million , if , after five years , the trading value of the new cellular company is n't as high as the value that shareholders would have realized from the McCaw offer . 
Amstrad 's profit after taxes fell a similarly steep 51 % , to # 51.1 million from # 105 million a year earlier . 
Anheuser-Busch Cos. said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow . 
And though federal law dictates that only $ 100 million can be disbursed from that fund in any one state per disaster , administration officials expect Congress to move in to authorize spending more now in California . 
Mr. Schneider is cool to Georgia Pacific and Abitibi-Price . 
Separately , the Labor Department reported that average weekly earnings rose 0.3 % in September , after adjusting for inflation , following a 0.7 % decline in August . 
Also , Mr. Savaiko noted , stock market investors seeking greater safety are veering toward buying bonds rather than precious metals because `` we are tending more toward a disinflationary economy that does n't make gold and precious metals attractive . '' 
Revenue rose 6 % to $ 2.79 billion from $ 2.63 billion . 
Not even an earthquake . 
`` I like to use them to feel out the market , '' he says . 
The study also said each federal court should set strict time limits for the pretrial exchange of documents and evidence , ranging from as much as 100 days for cases in the fast track to as much as 18 months for complex disputes . 
Since commercial air travel is interrupted , Aetna , based in Hartford , Conn. , chartered three planes to fly claims adjusters into Sacramento and then planned for them to drive to the Bay area . 
Some gripes about red tape are predictable : Architects complain about a host of building regulations , auto leasing companies about car insurance rules . 
Japan is considering giving aid to Hungary and Poland to support their recent political reforms , a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry said . 
Mr. Melloan is deputy editor of the Journal . 
A poll in male-dominated South Korea put Margaret Thatcher first on a list of most-respected foreign leaders . 
Some dealers said that the market 's strong reaction to Wall Street reflects a general uneasiness about the dollar . 
They doled it out using the existing formula , however , which meant that even those countries that could n't produce more received higher official allotments . 
Meanwhile , bond investors are laboring under the onus of a national debt ceiling debate . 
`` We did see some relief in raw material costs , but it was n't sufficient to offset the drop in sales prices , '' James R. Kuse , the company 's chairman and chief executive officer said in a statement . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters are n't universally loved in Hollywood but they are well connected . 
Says Mr. Riese of National Restaurants : `` If you resisted on prices , maybe you would never get that telephone call about a new franchise . 
The ads celebrate the achievements of some of Lake View 's residents . 
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy-chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely . 
In a cross-border transaction , the buyer is in a different region of the globe from the target . 
Including the Adobe gain , full-year net was $ 454 million , or $ 3.53 a share . 
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care . 
Just how rancorous the relationship has become is clear from the differing versions of the two sides ' current business dealings . 
Westamerica Bancorp. said Richard W. Decker resigned as president and chief executive officer after only a year on the job because of `` differences '' with the board . 
Earlier reports , which revealed that as many as 73 companies were avoiding income tax legally , have been credited with helping galvanize efforts to overhaul the tax code . 
Bausch & Lomb sold the softies under a sublicense from National Patent Development , which had gained the rights from the Czechoslovakia Academy of Sciences . 
But those would require pilots ' cooperation . 
The results roughly matched estimates of securities analysts , who were encouraged by AT&T increasing its operating margin to 13 % from 11 % a year ago , because of continued cost-cutting efforts . 
Under those measures , financial institutions would be restricted from owning any more real estate than they need for their business operations . 
Not for 15 years has a big new hotel-casino opened here . 
Nevertheless , Merrill Lynch has agreed that if the thrift that issued Dr. Blumenfeld 's CD , Peoples Heritage Federal Savings & Loan Association in Salina , Kan. , is liquidated and the CD terminated , the brokerage firm would cover the premium Dr. Blumenfeld paid . 
But in affidavits filed yesterday in the Los Angeles court , Mr. Ross , Warner Bros. Chairman Robert Daly and President Semel deny that such an oral agreement was ever made . 
But , IRS private ruling 8940061 notes , no rule or court case bears directly on the issue of adding land to a principal residence . 
Masson has lost his case , but the defendants , and the profession to which they belong , have lost far more . '' 
Besides sacking other senior Politburo officials who allied themselves with Mr. Honecker , Mr. Krenz could loosen controls on the news media , free up travel restrictions , and establish a dialogue with various dissident groups . 
Or , as Mr. Carpenter , again drawing on his consulting-firm background , puts it : `` We 're ready to implement at this point . 
The bank 's Third World debt portfolio totals $ 560 million , down from $ 2.2 billion at the end of 1986 . 
A slightly higher percentage of New York Stock Exchange volume has been attributed to retail investors in recent months compared with post-crash 1988 , according to Securities Industry Association data . 
Early yesterday , Carnival said in a company statement that it had been `` notified unofficially '' that Waertsilae Marine Industries , the Finnish shipyard that is building its three new cruise ships , planned to file for bankruptcy . 
The American people and their government also woke up too late to the menace drugs posed to the moral structure of their country . 
The six-story hotel will be on Gorky Street and initially will cater mostly to business travelers . 
Bush assured Roh that the U.S. would stand by its security commitments `` as long as there is a threat '' from Communist North Korea . 
`` I think the restructuring will get the required support , '' said Michael Pacitti , an analyst at London stockbroker UBS Phillips & Drew . 
He remains chief executive officer . 
Among other things , the government claimed that organized crime figures had routinely handpicked the union 's top officials . 
American Express , Kraft General Foods , and Mattel executives said the move wo n't affect their relationships with the ad agency . 
`` Last season , we did a story that involved spending $ 700,000 in converting a two-family house into a bed and breakfast . '' 
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA BRACED for earthquake-related traffic jams . 
Food , tobacco , drugs and utilities are the classic examples . 
The transaction has had a series of setbacks since the financing problems became known last Friday , with no signs or statements from the buy-out group to indicate that any progress has taken place . 
A year ago , when almost nothing was happening amid these desolate dunes , `` you 'd spend two days working and two days in the yard , '' he recalls . 
The country abandoned its former devotion to socialist unity and took to insisting instead that each country in the bloc ought to travel its own road . 
Sometimes at a reception or cocktail party I advance these views and people head for somebody else . 
Polymerix makes lumber-like materials that it describes as `` plastic wood . '' 
Stewart & Stevenson makes equipment powered with diesel and gas turbines . 
The announcements are scheduled to be made in Temple , Texas , and include a so-called `` notebook '' PC that weighs less than seven pounds , has a built-in hard disk drive and is powered by Intel Corp. 's 286 microprocessor . 
It does n't have to be a disaster . 
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs . 
CRA Ltd. said it agreed to sell a 40 % stake in its Howick coal mine in the state of New South Wales to Mitsubishi Development Pty. of Japan . 
An AT&T spokeswoman said the company would likely replace about one-third of its managers who choose to retire with new employees . 
But a majority of the board , which includes three members from the Australian company , overrode him . 
From 1980 to 1988 , while federal budget deficits totaled $ 1.41 trillion , the government issued $ 394 billion of new direct loans and an additional $ 756 billion of new primary loan guarantees . 
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury . 
Dr. Teich said Searle is `` the only company I know that voluntarily '' will make consumer information available . 
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China . 
U.S. clearance also is needed for the proposed acquisition . 
Much like their cohorts in political consulting and product marketing , the litigation advisers encourage their clients to play down complex or ambiguous matters , simplify their messages and provide their target audiences with a psychological craving to make the desired choice . 
Jeanene Page , of North Salt Lake City , Utah , likes the broader selection . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
`` It wo n't be an earthshaking drop , '' a Weyerhaeuser spokesman says . 
`` Prime Time Live , '' a new show this season featuring Sam Donaldson and Diane Sawyer , has a studio audience that applauds and that one night ( to the embarrassment of the network ) waved at the camera like the crowd on `` Let 's Make a Deal . '' 
`` Indexing has been the most single successful investment concept in the last decade , but the index money has been just sort of sitting there , '' says Seth M. Lynn , president of Axe Core Investors Inc. , an indexer based in Tarrytown , N.Y . 
Charlestonians are instead indomitable and have contributed mightily to the culture and history of our country for more than 300 years . 
Mr. Bergsma said world-wide industry sales of aramid fibers are expected to total about $ 500 million this year . 
Beghin-Say said the sale will be done in two parts and will raise a total of 2.025 billion francs ( $ 325 million ) . 
His Tuesday night team , the Leftovers , is in first place . 
Concern that investors could misinterpret such readings led the American Association of Individual Investors to eliminate beta figures for precious-metals funds in the 1989 edition of its mutual-fund guide . 
On U.S.-Japan relations : `` I 'm encouraged . 
At least , that 's a theme emerging among many money managers who are anxious both to preserve the handsome stock-market gains they have already achieved this year and to catch the next wave of above-average performers . 
Conservatives question the validity of the studies and note that the Supreme Court ruled in 1987 that such research , regardless of its accuracy , is n't relevant to a constitutional attack on a particular death sentence . 
The experts said they expected Eastern would have to issue new debt to cover its costs , and that it would generate far less cash than anticipated . 
And cultivating a luxury image strong enough to persuade consumers to pay more than $ 15 for lipstick or eye makeup requires a subtle touch that packaged-goods companies have yet to demonstrate on their own . 
Per-share figures this year reflect $ 6.8 million in preferred-share dividends ; the 1988 quarter did n't have such a payout . 
`` We could have shouted from the rooftops about Courter ... and no one would have heard us . '' 
The Beebes have not yet decided whether to appeal . 
Thomas Vassiliades , president of Bell Atlantic 's customer services division , said the acquisition would give the company 's Sorbus computer-maintenance unit added expertise in `` the increasingly sophisticated workstation and high-end mainframe technologies . 
Friday 's market rout came smack in the middle of the heaviest month for CD rollovers , when a number of banks and thrifts already have promotions under way . 
Hertz Corp. -- $ 100 million of senior notes due Nov. 1 , 2009 , priced at par to yield 9 % . 
Analysts said the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa broke the pall that settled over the takeover business for the past three weeks in the wake of the collapsed UAL Corp . buy-out . 
Both candidates are negotiating about holding debates , but Mr. Dinkins is widely seen as the major obstacle for scheduling them . 
According to market participants , the bonds were met with decent bids , but the volume of paper left high grades in the 10-year and under maturity range unchanged to 0.05 percentage point higher in yield . 
The DAX index closed at 1466.29 , up only 3.36 . 
John R. Wilke contribued to this article . 
And four states -- California , Florida , Michigan and Pennsylvania -- have adopted rules that all parties involved must consent when phone calls are recorded . 
The agency noted , however , the estimate will likely be confirmed . 
Coast earned $ 10.2 million , or 67 cents a share , in the year-ago quarter . 
Such titles are designed to convey a sense of dignified , broad-scale competence and expertise in selling today 's myriad financial products . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3416.81 , up 
Profit was $ 5.2 million , compared with $ 1 million for the year-ago quarter . 
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse . 
American Medical International : Senior notes , sinking-fund debentures , Euromarket notes , Eurobonds , Swiss franc bonds , unsecured loan stock to Ba3 from Baa2 ; convertible subordinated debentures , notes , and sinking-fund debentures to B2 from Baa3 . 
Col. North conveyed the request to his superiors and to Assistant Secretary of State Elliot Abrams , who relayed it to Secretary of State George Shultz . 
The strategy boosts current yield by putting more bonds into the portfolio . 
And consumers `` should be comfortable , '' adds W. Henson Moore , U.S. deputy secretary of energy . 
A `` concerning '' item the analyst cited was the 10 % jump in expenses , which the bank attributes to costs of expanding both its consumer credit-card operations and its overseas branch business . 
Mr. Bixby said that early signs point to improved earnings and revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 1990 . 
Ad Notes ... . 
The previous reports were based on remarks by British Air 's chief financial officer , Derek Stevens , who said any revised bid would have to include a lower purchase price to reflect the sharp drop in UAL 's stock in the past week . 
Last spring , the comptroller 's office called a halt to Mr. Paul 's fling , giving him six months to sell the paintings . 
`` I do n't think this was a real test , '' says one congressional aide . 
It 's difficult to be that consistently wrong . '' 
In the bidding war for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , United Illuminating Co. raised its proposed offer to one it valued at $ 2.29 billion from $ 2.19 billion , apparently topping all other bidders . 
Many resorts also are focusing more on the service side of their business . 
But that signal on full-year profit casts doubt on whether Dow will improve on its year-ago fourth-quarter net of $ 3.44 a share , or $ 635 million . 
The first five leased units were to be delivered in 1991 . 
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid-October 's 190-point market plunge . 
Contractors such as Parker Drilling Co. are raising cash again through stock offerings , and for the first time in years , two oil-service companies recently went public . 
In a speech to the Mortgage Bankers Association , Mr. Kemp broke the administration 's public silence on the Fed and complained that `` interest rates are too high . '' 
At the market price , the transaction has a total indicated value of $ 7.4 million . 
The news told them it would be a while longer before UAL resumed trading like a regular airline stock after months of gyrations . 
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard . 
An L.L. Bean spokeswoman notes : `` People are just used to living in a last-minute society . '' 
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was at $ 366.55 an ounce . 
The bond issue is TVA 's first public offering since the Financing Bank was created in 1974 , primarily to finance the TVA . 
He said the bank could n't wait any longer for prices to recover and for borrowers to service their loans . 
We 've talked to proponents of index arbitrage and told them to cool it because they 're ruining the market . 
OPEC is currently producing more than 22 million barrels a day , sharply above its nominal , self-imposed fourth-quarter ceiling of 20.5 million , according to OPEC and industry officials at an oil conference here sponsored by the Oil Daily and the International Herald Tribune . 
Nora , who still has artistic aspirations , knows she is lucky to be working as a food stylist , prepping pies , burgers , frosty cold drinks and other comestibles to look as appetizing as possible in front of the camera . 
Says psyllium exporter Mr. Patel : `` I just got back yesterday from the U.S. . 
Thus , you do the public a great disservice when Mr. Greve suggests , even facetiously , that the Clean Water Act prohibits the preparation of a scotch and water ; your tippling readers may be led to believe that nothing but chance or oversight protects them , as they cower in the night with their scotch and waters , from the hairyknuckled knock of the Sierra Club at their doors . 
Says Michael Hirsch , chief investment officer of Republic National Bank and manager of the FundTrust Group in New York : `` It 's a time bomb just waiting to go off . 
Sunshine Biscuits Inc. , Woodbridge , N.J. , awarded its estimated $ 5 million account to Waring & LaRosa , New York . 
Federal authorities in New York started investigating exchanges in May , though no indictments have been handed down there . 
National Convenience said it has tested its new merchandise mix in 100 stores , with favorable results . 
PRECIOUS METALS : 
New types of financing must make funds available without draining Poland 's hard-currency reserves . 
Canada 's largest department store operator said the rights offering will entitle holders of its ordinary shares , except residents in the U.S. and Britain , to subscribe for two additional shares for every five shares held at a price of C$ 31.25 a share . 
`` The big mo is as much of a factor in retailing as in politics , '' he said . 
But any lawyer will select the facts and the strategy to employ . 
No foreign companies bid on the Hiroshima project , according to the bureau . 
`` In a downward market , bonds act better , '' he said . 
-- Mortgage securities fell 7\/32 to 8\/32 but held up better than intermediate Treasurys . 
`` He does n't signify what people want , so the unrest will go on , '' Mr. Oldenburg predicts . 
That conference , which began yesterday , was expected to cover such matters as police training and extradition agreements , Spanish officials said . 
Security Pacific 's factoring business works with companies in the apparel , textile and food industries , among others . 
But Dale Irvine , director of the emergency center , said service was being restored to outlying San Francisco areas . 
They are officially considered `` strategic , '' and their privatization is prohibited by the Mexican Constitution . 
As the sponsor of the `` Older Americans Freedom to Work Act , '' which would repeal the Social Security earnings limit for people aged 65 and older , I applaud your strong endorsement to repeal this Depression-era fossil . 
Mr. Perlman , who is also acting chief financial officer and the odds-on favorite to become the next chief executive , said the company is achieving `` modest positive cash flow from operations , and we expect that to continue into 1990 . '' 
Such buyers must have a minimum net worth of $ 1 million , $ 200,000 annual income , or recent experience in the business area of the franchise being sold . 
Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister met in Damascus with President Assad to develop a plan for the withdrawal of Syria 's 40,000 troops from Lebanon as part of a settlement of that nation 's 14-year-old civil war . 
Officials declined to disclose the value of the transaction or the exact stake that GRE will hold in Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents . 
TW 's pitch was that sales and earnings at its restaurants have risen steadily and that people wo n't stop eating during a downturn . 
China , under the Nationalist government of Chiang Kai-shek , was a founding member of GATT in 1947 . 
IBM is five times the size of Digital -- and 40 times the size of Tandem -- and wields enormous market power . 
The defendants could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
Springs Industries dropped 1 3\/8 to 36 . 
The government and the ANC , the bitterest of enemies , are engaged in an elaborate mating dance designed to entice each other to the negotiating table . 
The Miami-based company 's stock fell $ 1.75 yesterday to $ 20.75 a share in heavy American Stock Exchange composite trading . 
When his secretary is found floating dead in the pol 's pool , Mancuso is called in to investigate . 
`` Of course it 's better to sell private , '' he says , as the butcher trundles away . 
But some economists and government officials here are n't applauding . 
International Paper emphasizes that it is better positioned than most companies for the coming overcapacity because its individual mills can make more than one grade of paper . 
The consensus forecast of 14 economists surveyed by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report is for a 1.2 % drop in September orders . 
`` We are in one of those phases where you are going to get a lot of volatile expiration action , '' said Donald Selkin , head of stock-index research at Prudential-Bache Securities . 
The group , led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Mr. Sugarman , owns about 45.2 % of Rally 's . 
Larry Biehl , a money manager in San Mateo , Calif. , blames that on the advent of program trading , in which computers used by big institutional investors are programmed to buy and sell big blocks when certain market conditions prevail . 
Both groups cling to traditional face-to-face dealings , even for routine policies . 
While U.S. makers of vodka , rum and other spirits compete against powerhouses abroad , trade agreements prohibit any other country from making bourbon . 
But in either case , the report says , China 's balance of payments would rapidly dry up foreign reserves , which are used to finance the imbalance . 
`` We want people to think of Lake View as an historical park and educational experience ... . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.35 % six months . 
It 's a valid approach , but it puts a heavy burden on the director to show an uncommon degree of imagination and taste . 
Jeffrey , Peter and Joseph Jr. are brothers . 
He is n't as well-known to clients as is Mr. Roman . 
Without federal subsidies to developers of beach houses , the economic and structural damage by Hurricane Hugo in South Carolina would have been much less , as highlighted by your Oct. 3 editorial `` Subsidizing Disaster . '' 
Biotechnology issues were strong . 
However , despite the big new-issue calendar , many junk bond investors and analysts are skeptical the deals will get done . 
But , says Mr. Katz , the U.S. attorney , `` the interesting thing about Newport Beach operations is that they give themselves the indulgence of beautiful offices , with plush furnishings . 
This team initially called its new model Personal Retirement Account , or `` PRA . '' 
John C. Dannemiller , executive vice president and chief operating officer , will become president and chief operating officer . 
That would follow a 3.9 % advance in August . 
But other analysts said that having Mr. Phillips succeed Mr. Roman would make for a smooth transition . 
In contrast , dashboard computers , power seats and turbo-charged engines had little appeal . 
As part of its reorganization this week , Western Digital has divided its business into two segments -- storage products , including controllers and disk drives ; and microcomputer products , which include graphics , communications and peripheral control chips . 
TV reporters interviewed fans in the parking lots while , a few feet away , others watched the interviews on their portable TVs . 
But there is a small risk that some were imported with high radiation levels . '' 
Back at the Verwoerd house , Hendrik Sr. peers down over the shoulder of Hendrik Jr . 
The market makers say they are n't comfortable carrying big positions in stocks because they realize prices can tumble quickly . 
The tragedy , he adds , `` galvanized me '' to look for a way to prevent similar cases . 
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run . 
Her bare breasts , her dancing , her voice , her beauty and , perhaps most famously , her derriere , were prominent attractions , but courage of a rare sort made her remarkable life possible . 
`` We had heard from people who had n't been active '' for a long time . 
A widely held assumption all along has been that , given its robust economy , Hong Kong will be able to attract sufficient foreign money and talent to comfortably offset the outflows . 
There is no slow-motion close-up , blood-and-guts portrayal of the animal 's demise . 
And out of necessity : The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove him from power , but a single error on his part could cost him his life . 
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland . 
Chairman D.H. Hibbard said the company has set a new five year goal of doubling revenues to about $ 1.8 billion while steadily increasing net . 
Coca-Cola Co. yesterday said singer Elton John signed to appear in an ad for Diet Coke . 
But so far , Mr. Paul and his advisers are holding fast . 
A Bankers Trust spokesman said that the company 's investment arm uses stock-index arbitrage to enhance investors ' returns . 
Two other global liquor giants , Canada 's Seagram Co. and Britain 's Allied-Lyons PLC , also are possible buyers . 
They all understand point one : Nothing the U.S. can do will make much difference in whether Mr. Gorbachev succeeds with perestroika . 
But the company said the political contributions had been made more than five years ago . 
We know they are dangerous , but if handled with care , their benefits far outweigh any risk to the environment . 
In some of the experiments , it killed almost all the infected cells , the researchers said . 
These are the 26 states , including the commonwealth of Puerto Rico , that have settled with Drexel : Alaska , Arkansas , Delaware , Georgia , Hawaii , Idaho , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Minnesota , Mississippi , New Hampshire , New Mexico , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Oregon , South Carolina , South Dakota , Utah , Vermont , Washington , Wyoming and Puerto Rico . 
-- The charts show how househld assets have been distributed over time . 
Management 's total could be reduced , and the public could get more than the 15 % control that had been earmarked for British Air . 
In the nine months , net rose 4.3 % to $ 525.8 million or $ 4.67 a share , from $ 504.2 million , or $ 4.41 a share , last year . 
Last year , third-quarter earnings included a $ 157 million gain from foreign tax rate changes and a loss from a $ 65 million write-off of reserves . 
But one price paid for the higher expected return is greater short-term volatility , as reflected in the higher standard deviation that Seidman estimates for the younger couple 's portfolio . 
Several blue-chip companies tapped the new-issue market yesterday to take advantage of falling interest rates . 
Bolar Pharmaceutical Co. posted the largest volume increase , 552,302 shares , to 2,157,656 . 
The electronics industry is closely following the Dellums bill . 
It also redesigned Oil of Olay 's packaging , stamping the traditional pink boxes with gold lines to create a more opulent look . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters claim they have an oral agreement with Warner executives that allows them to terminate their contract should the opportunity to run a major studio arise . 
The government attributed the 0.3 % month-to-month rise in the index largely to higher energy prices . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days . 
British , West German , Scandinavian and other overseas insurers are bracing for big claims from the San Francisco earthquake disaster . 
Coda , an oil and gas concern , said it and its partners received $ 7 million in cash and $ 10 million in five-year notes for the Kansas intrastate pipeline . 
When district authorities allowed him to resume manufacturing , they released only one of his machines . 
Yesterday it closed at $ 4.375 a share , up $ 1.125 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
The Dorrance family will still receive a substantial portion of the auction proceeds above $ 100 million , people familiar with the transaction said . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , American Home Products rose 75 cents to $ 105 on Friday . 
The result has been a dangerous vacuum of U.S. leadership , which leaves Central America open to Soviet adventurism . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Most of all though , the show is redeemed by the character of Mancuso . 
Mr. Cole said the sale of the 77-year Financial Times , which Southam has owned since 1961 , is consistent with Southam 's strategy of cutting costs to obtain maximum profits from its operations while disposing of `` chronically under-performing '' assets . 
House leaders had hoped to follow the Senate 's lead by getting an agreement from House committee chairmen under which they would drop items that would n't reduce the fiscal 1990 budget deficit from the House-passed bill before the negotiations with the Senate began . 
In 1980 , the study says , prosecutors surveyed filed charges against 25 defendants for each 100,000 people aged 18 years and older . 
Turner Broadcasting System Inc. said it expects to report an extraordinary loss of about $ 122 million in the fourth quarter due to early retirement of debt . 
John Peterpaul , Machinists union general vice president , attacked Mr. Wolf as `` greedy and irresponsible '' for pursuing the buy-out . 
At the most there is only nine months before the LDP fuse burns out . 
The text by Patrick O'Connor is a tough read , but the pictures make her magnetism clear and help explain why Ernest Hemingway called Baker `` The most sensational woman anybody ever saw . 
Time eluded Paramount by acquiring Warner Communications Inc . 
A similar demand was made by a group that represents some of United 's 26,000 noncontract employees . 
Revenue for fiscal 1989 is expected to exceed $ 124 million . 
Among the most upbeat was BT Brokerage ( Asia ) Ltd . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % four months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % five months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % six months . 
He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance . 
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits . 
`` We were disappointed we could n't use wood , '' says architect Walter J. Richardson , `` but the Japanese only want stronger materials . '' 
Some 70 % of graduates who recently earned an M.B.A. degree say they 'd prefer to work in or own a small company , yet most take jobs with large concerns , says a survey by the Foster McKay Group , a New York recruiting firm ... . 
But several mutual-fund managers , nervous about the deteriorating quality of their junk-bond portfolios and shy about buying new issues , said they 're staying away from any junk security that is n't considered first rate for its class . 
Old Stone 's construction lending portfolio includes about $ 250 million in real-estate loans outstanding . 
But once that factor was eliminated , traders took profits and focused on crude oil inventories , Mr. Barakat said . 
No one expects minimills to eclipse major integrated steelmakers , who remain the undisputed kings of highest-quality steel used for autos and refrigerators . 
Capital flight is reported to be strong . 
Last month , Polly Peck posted a 38 % jump in pretax profit for the first half to # 54.8 million from # 39.8 million on a 63 % rise in sales . 
Mr. Sagan compares the importance of Steppenwolf with Orson Welles 's Mercury Theater in the '30s . 
Municipal bonds ended about 1\/8 to 3\/8 point lower , hurt by the circulation of two `` bid-wanted '' lists totaling $ 655 million . 
The 61-year-old Mr. Guzman Cabrera takes such criticisms in stride . 
In the same statement , US Facilities also said it had bought back 112,000 of its common shares in a private transaction . 
For one thing , the Chicago futures exchanges have political and financial clout -- including many friends in Congress . 
And the Winter Olympics will air during the February `` sweeps , '' when ratings are used to set ad rates for local stations . 
A handful of the New Crowd operators have crossed the line from the immoral to the illegal , and have ended up in the slammer or paying huge fines : 
GE pleaded guilty and paid a fine of more than $ 1 million in the Minuteman case , which involved some of the same individuals and operations that are at the center of the dispute in the Philadelphia court . 
`` That and adjustment to the new law were the biggest factors in the industry . '' 
Budget is set at $ 1.5 million . 
Candid Comment 
Yet minutes after promising to appoint Hispanics to high posts in state government , he is unable to say whether he has ever employed any in his congressional office . 
Merrill 's move is one of the most sweeping program-trading pullbacks of recent days , because the big securities firm will no longer execute stock-index arbitrage trades for customers . 
For example , one of my favorite movies is the 1949 British comedy `` Kind Hearts and Coronets , '' in which the entire comedy is based on actor Dennis Price 's murdering eight titled relatives ( all played by Alec Guinness ) because they snubbed his mother and stand in the way of his acquiring the family title . 
`` It 's just a matter of time before the tide turns , '' says one Midwestern lobbyist . 
Descendants of the Southam family hold an additional 22.6 % stake in the Toronto-based company , Canada 's largest newspaper publisher . 
Mr. Guber , in his affidavit , says that when he advised Warner President Terry Semel of the Sony offer at lunch on Sept. 25 , Mr. Semel `` hugged and congratulated me , and expressed joy that we had finally realized our long-term ambition of running and having an equity position in a major entertainment company . '' 
Perhaps to debunk the analysts ' talk of over-capacity , Michael today will take some of the skeptics on a tour of its new Gaylord , Minn. , plant . 
There are also $ 40 million of uninsured subordinate lien bonds , due Dec. 1 , 2008 , and Dec. 1 , 2015 . 
The sell-off in New York City bonds was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainty in view of the impending mayoral election . 
As a result , Colombia will earn $ 500 million less from its coffee this year than last . 
Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % , 13 weeks ; 7.50 % , 26 weeks . 
Should they be required to pay claims based on exorbitant costs for labor and materials ? 
Bank officials , however , showed him the door , and the sale never came off . 
Brand imagery plays a significant role in loyalty to such products as cigarettes , perfume and beer . 
`` They 're deliberately trying to steal our thunder , '' a Digital executive complains . 
The merged agency 's admittedly ambitious goal : to become one of the world 's 10 largest agencies , while attracting more multinational clients than the agencies were able to attract alone . 
The Federal Reserve said its studies in recent years , which adjust for income differences and other variables , showed that blacks received fewer home mortgages from banks and thrifts than whites . 
The President of the United States urged the Panamanian armed forces to move against Mr. Noriega . 
The bonds are all rated single-A by Moody 's Investors Service Inc . 
Closer to home , the negotiators were more generous . 
Mr. Garber depicts these moral qualities with the broad brush strokes of a satire that occasionally descends to the realm of cliched caricatures . 
Stock-index arbitrage , because it sells the more `` expensive '' market and buys the `` cheaper '' one , attempts to reestablish the link between the stock and futures markets , and the adjustments are often abrupt . 
Japan ranks as only the fourth largest foreign investor in Mexico , with 5 % of the total investments . 
If it finds one of those passwords , Mr. Alexander said , the worm will do such things as change users ' passwords to a series of random numbers , preventing them from signing on to the network . 
Northrop , which since early 1988 has declined to accept fixed-price contracts for research and development , said earnings were hurt by excessive costs on a number of such contracts won years ago . 
`` We 're in environments that are going to spend a lot of money on that . '' 
He also mentioned increased capital investment by Pacific Bell for network improvements . 
A stock-index future is a contract to buy or sell the market value of a basket of stocks , such as the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index . 
Cable & Wireless fell 20 to 478 . 
Amgen rose 2 1\/4 to 54 3\/4 on almost 800,000 shares , and CVB Financial jumped 4 to 41 on only 1,000 shares . 
Revenue rose 8.1 % , to $ 23.65 billion from $ 21.88 billion . 
The guidelines were distributed to U.S. attorneys last summer but were disclosed for the first time by press reports this week . 
TV evangelist Jim Bakker was sentenced to 45 years in prison and fined $ 500,000 for defrauding followers of his PTL ministry . 
It is famous as the winter home of the whooping crane , that symbol of the destruction of wild America . 
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 . 
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager . 
Someone with a master 's degree in classical arts who works in a deli would be ideal , Litigation Sciences advises . 
A second phase of research , which is still being planned , will test reformulated gasolines on newer engine technologies now being developed for use in 1992 or 1993 cars . 
Sequa Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9 5\/8 % notes due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 99.75 to yield 9.664 % . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
The Senate , 84-6 , voted to increase to $ 124,000 the ceiling on insured mortgages from the FHA , which lost $ 4.2 billion in loan defaults last year . 
Philip Glass is the emperor , and his music the new clothes , of the avant-garde . 
With interest in emigration and investment abroad soaring since June 4 , that assumption no longer seems so safe . 
`` Hard Copy , '' the new syndicated tabloid show from Paramount Pictures , will use its 900 number for additional purposes that include research , says executive producer Mark B. von S. Monsky . 
The Soviets hope a trade agreement would give them Most-Favored Nation status , which would lower the tariffs on Soviet exports to the U.S. . 
Other network applications have very different goals . 
These critics object to Mr. Bush 's participation in a meeting that includes Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega among the guests . 
The Soviet newspaper Trud reported that Mickey Mouse will appear in a Russian-language comic book to be issued four times a year by Soviet publisher Fizkultura i Sport and Denmark 's Gutenberghus Group . 
Kodak wo n't disclose the cost or when its converter will be on the market , but it 's estimated the machine may be available within two years . 
The filing said Petrie Stores of Secaucus , N.J. , is purchasing Mr. Petrie 's Deb Shops stake as an investment . 
Friday , October 27 , 1989 
( `` Food manufacturer changes spelling of ` catsup ' to ` ketchup , ' saying that 's the spelling people now prefer . '' 
We believe interest rates will continue to trend lower , and the economy will slow around the world . '' 
Demand will come first from programming production companies and then from television stations . 
But now at least there 's a glimmer of hope for the stock . 
That 's the only question we need to address . 
James B. Lee , head of syndications and private placements at Chemical Banking Corp. , said he believes banks can still make a credible offer of one-stop shopping for takeover finance . 
The suit accuses the retailer and several of its officers of making false and misleading statements about the company 's business affairs . 
Directed Technologies received a $ 28.3 million Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency contract for advanced propulsion systems research . 
Lung-cancer mortality rates for people under 45 years of age have begun to decline , federal researchers report . 
However , the only outsider who has emerged to lead such a shareholder vote , Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , who triggered the buy-out with a $ 5.4 billion bid in early August , is hanging back -- apparently to avoid being blamed for contributing to the deal 's collapse . 
By contrast , Electronic Data Systems Corp. , GM 's data processing subsidiary , boosted net 16 % . 
MOST FOOD companies these days are trimming the fat and cholesterol content of their products to appeal to health-conscious consumers . 
And you want to make wicker baskets , too . '' 
A few weeks ago , Mr. Jones even entertained Elizabeth Taylor in his private suite at Texas Stadium . 
Treasury bonds ended with losses of as much as 1\/4 point , or about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Some of the projects being funded by the new issues are the first fruits of Mr. Gandhi 's policy , and they require more capital than the smaller industrial units built in the past . 
Real estate firms are also using their alliances with financial institutions to amass acquisition funds . 
Company , with 1,750 workers in area , is fully functional . 
Of course , the quake was the worst since the emergence of the computer era turned Silicon Valley into the nation 's capital of high technology . 
The new U.S. package also says countries could temporarily raise tariffs on certain products if they experience an unusually heavy volume of imports . 
The managers said in a brief statement yesterday that Morgan will help evaluate DFC 's position and help determine alternatives . 
The convenience-food company said it sold the bakeries to Mills Family Bakery for an undisclosed amount . 
The administration claims that its Clean Air bill will cost businesses between $ 14 billion and $ 19 billion annually , but economist Michael Evans estimates that the costs for firms will actually be in the $ 60 billion a year range . 
`` Management does n't want surprises , '' notes Jack Zaves , who , as fuel-services director at American Airlines , buys some 2.4 billion gallons of jet fuel a year . 
`` The success of a new product in the database line is needed . 
Shearson does n't break out the earnings of its subsidiaries . 
Proceeds from the offering are about $ 160.4 million . 
Britain , France and Italy pull out of a proposal to build new NATO frigates ; the U.S. and West Germany have each withdrawn from missile projects . 
I personally do not want to hasten Mr. Lehman 's demise , but I can see him figuring prominently in his own article . 
But many others , who want to qualify for employee benefits and unemployment compensation , become tipsters for the IRS , says Jerry Lackey , who manages the IRS project 's force of nine agents in north and central Florida from Orlando . 
Sales and service employees were asked to report to work to help Bay area clients who called with computer problems . 
Carl E. Pfeiffer , chief executive officer , was named to the additional post of chairman of this specialty-metals manufacturing concern . 
Tenders for the bonds , available in minimum denominations of $ 1,000 , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Wednesday at Federal Reserve banks . 
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading . 
But Judge Keenan said that privilege is meant to protect private utterances -- not litigation papers filed with foreign governments , as Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys maintained . 
One slot is expected to go to EEOC Chairman Clarence Thomas , a black conservative ; after mulling a fight , liberals now probably wo n't put up a major struggle against him . 
Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's roads and bridges are n't funded by property taxes but by state and federal gasoline taxes . 
More than half of poor families were headed by women living without men , the bureau said . 
And then it will be required to lower taxes by a corresponding amount during a three-year period after the temporary tax increase ends , said Cindy Katz , assistant director of the state department of finance . 
Unice -- an acronym for the Union of Industrial and Employers ' Confederations of Europe -- fears that the charter will force EC countries to adopt a single pattern in labor relations . 
Robert Pierce , chairman and chief executive of Foothills , said it 's too early to say whether Alaskan or Mackenzie delta gas would flow to market first . 
And while the defense secretary is speaking out , President Bush himself has n't launched any high-visibility campaign to drum up support , as President Reagan did . 
After then , the House measure would boost the tax rate to 28 % and exclude from tax the gain attributable to inflation . 
`` They are n't controlling their destiny like they used to . '' 
`` Then we had a real one in the afternoon . '' 
Du Pont , as it happens , has a potential substitute for CFCs . 
Net was $ 192.1 million , or $ 3.33 a share , compared with net of $ 293.7 million , or $ 5.13 a share , the year earlier . 
Prices fell through levels regarded as important support areas , which added to the selling . 
`` You 're making a pure bet on the market . 
`` You need to buy the entire lot , '' Mr. Seidman said , `` so get out your checkbooks . 
Jujo Paper said its pretax profit rose 0.3 % to 13.05 billion yen from 13.02 billion yen . 
Mr. Niciporuk here wants 60 acres used at the moment by a state farm . 
Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % , or about 153 million , of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase . 
( A Fortune article on Saul Steinberg was entitled , `` Fear and Loathing in the Corporate Boardrooms . '' ) 
Since stock-index arbitrage merely narrows the gap between prices in the futures and stock markets , it ca n't add to volatility , he says . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
The initial fireball was caught by cameras in downtown Houston , about 10 miles away . 
In a statement , Alex Kroll , Young & Rubicam 's chairman , said `` under the present circumstances { we } have agreed that it is prudent to discontinue that contract . '' 
Some in the market question whether Campeau will be in a position to pay bills at that time . 
Mr. Pilson says baseball and the Olympics may help CBS move up to No. 2 in the household ratings race , putting pizazz back into the network 's image . 
( Sindona in 1979 faked his `` kidnapping '' for 2 1\/2 months to delay his trial . ) 
Viatech makes flexible packaging films and machinery , and materials for the food and pharmaceutical industries . 
In the Marina District , residents spent yesterday assessing damage , cleaning up and trying to find friends and neighbors . 
Some weeks when her supermarket runs a double-coupon promotion , she boasts that she shaves $ 22 off her bill . 
`` Global warming means higher tides which will lower Venice by another 23 inches in the next 100 years , '' Giovanni Cecconi of the the New Venice Consortium said . 
Great Western Financial lost 1 1\/8 to 20 1\/2 on 1.6 million shares , Golden West Financial dropped 1 1\/4 to 28 1\/2 and H.F. Ahmanson dipped 5\/8 to 21 1\/4 . 
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high-yield market . 
The drop in those and other technology stocks contributed to an 0.7 % slide by the Nasdaq composite index . 
Your story is an insult to the citizens of the Mississippi Delta . 
`` Losses from the earthquake are expected to be of similar magnitude to those of Hurricane Hugo , '' according to Moody 's . 
All agencies are New York-based . 
Still , few investors are able to sit tight when they are convinced a recession is coming . 
This means `` tracking , '' whose main purpose is less to permit the gifted youngsters to flourish ( though that is clearly desirable ) than to ensure that the less gifted get the necessary grounding for further study or for entering the modern world of work . 
But the mouse experiment at a Medical Research Council laboratory in London shows genetic defects can be detected three days after conception using a new American-developed gene-copying technique . 
A somewhat higher percentage of people living in the Bay area have bought the additional insurance protection , but the great majority are n't covered . 
Geeks , by at least one definition , are chicken-mutilating circus freaks . 
We cruise toward another set of pilings . 
`` If apartheid means you want cheap black labor and all the comforts that go with it , but you also want to exclude the blacks from social and political integration , then these are two contradictions that ca n't go on forever , '' says Mr. Verwoerd . 
The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission sued New York state for age discrimination against appointed state judges . 
A policewoman had to be called in to make her leave ; the policewoman helped carry out one last load . 
UNITED AIR 'S PARENT quashed any prospects for an immediate revival of the labor-management buy-out , saying UAL should remain independent for now . 
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 . 
As a result , last March the General Services Administration board of contract appeals directed NASA to reopen negotiations on the contract . 
But the judge denied a request by the former national security adviser , who faces five criminal charges , to seek documents from Bush . 
According to this theory , Warner executives , hoping to strengthen their relationships with the producers , encouraged Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters in their ambitions to build a major entertainment company . 
According to the transcript , Mr. Lorin said Mr. Laff should be killed after Mr. Aslanian told him that information given to Mr. Laff by another conspirator could jeopardize the stock scheme . 
`` It was just before the Christmas holidays , and I figured we could use some extra cash . '' 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8485 marks , down from 1.8667 marks late Tuesday , and at 141.45 yen , down from 142.75 yen late Tuesday . 
I realize you were just looking for something snotty to say about California and its environmental movement , but picking Frank Lloyd Wright to say it for you was a bad call . 
The broker winning the business does n't charge commissions , but instead profits by buying or selling for less than the overall package price . 
`` Labor takes the biggest single chunk out of the ` food dollar , ' '' says Frank Pankyo of the Food Institute . 
Clearly , some financial authorities are concerned about the Japanese banks role in leveraged buy-outs . 
In 1987 , however , the news was the latest in a string of disappointments on trade , while the current report comes after a period of improvement . 
Had zeros been available in 1972 and had parents bought a face amount equal to four years ' tuition at the time , aiming for their children 's 1988 enrollment , they would have been left with only enough to pay for two years , Mr. Anderson figures . 
Despite continuing problems in its newsprint business , Kimberly-Clark Corp. posted a 20 % gain in third-quarter net income . 
As a result , the volume of Banco Exterior 's export credit portfolio plunged from 824 billion pesatas ( $ 7.04 billion ) as of Dec. 31 , 1986 , to its current 522 billion pesetas . 
CMS Energy Corp. said it would begin paying a 10-cent-a-share quarterly dividend , the company 's first since 1984 . 
Canadian Pacific could n't be reached for comment , and MacMillan Bloedel said it has n't any plans to make a bid for Nekoosa . 
Rally 's Inc. , a Louisville , Ky. , restaurant franchisor , started trading under RLLY . 
Mr. Allen began it with a warning to his hosts , a California church group that opposes rights for homosexuals . 
John B. Curcio , 55 years old , resigned as chairman of this diesel truck manufacturer , effective upon appointment of a successor . 
Even without a specific takeover threat , Courtaulds is giving shareholders `` choice and value , '' said Julia Blake , an analyst at London stockbrokers Barclays de Zoete Wedd . 
The results include a $ 130.2 million write-down of the securities in the high-yield portfolio to the lower of their cost or market value . 
The stock had been on the decline since the financing for the UAL buy-out fell through on Friday and developer Donald Trump subsequently withdrew a takeover offer of $ 120 a share for AMR . 
In 1986 , Unocal sold a 7.5 % stake in the Veslefrikk field to Deutsche Erdolversorgungs G.m.b . H. , a West German oil company , for an undisclosed amount . 
`` This is the second delay now in getting the product out the door . 
WELLS FARGO & CO. , San Francisco , bank holding company , annual revenue $ 4.9 billion , NYSE , minor damage at headquarters , 12 branches out of 170 in Northern California sustained structural damage that will preclude them from opening in the near future , 45 locations with at least one automatic teller machine inoperable , central computer systems are operating , no injuries . 
All but eight of the 850 branches , which had some structural damage , reopened yesterday for business . 
Late Monday , the Federal Reserve Board said it is delaying approval of First Union Corp. 's proposed $ 849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks pending the outcome of an examination into First Union 's lending practices in low-income heighborhoods . 
`` It follows the same pattern as his tax returns . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do n't have much to gain from a protracted battle . 
Junk-portfolio managers raised their cash position to 9.4 % of assets in September from 8.3 % in August . 
The write-off will be reported as an extraordinary item in the company 's 1989 operating results . 
The unexpectedly wide U.S. August trade deficit of $ 10.77 billion hit an already jittery U.K. market in midafternoon . 
Paramedics were called . 
The company declined to estimate the value of the Norwegian holding . 
Latin American countries have long urged Canada to join the OAS in the hopes that it would be a counterweight to the U.S. , which for many years tended to dominate the 32-nation organization . 
According to Mr. Rohs , inflation-adjusted , same-store sales at company-owned Wendy 's units in the U.S. have trailed year-earlier levels throughout 1989 , except for August . 
Some TV people doubt they will materialize and argue that even if they do , they wo n't offset the multimillion-dollar deficits that CBS could run up . 
She signed up , starting as an `` inside '' adjuster , who settles minor claims and does a lot of work by phone . 
He said the inquiry was n't made in a way that the banks could have interpreted as either encouraging or discouraging participation , and he added that none of the Japanese banks changed their posture on the deal as a result of the inquiry . 
AVX Corp. and Unitrode Corp. said they completed the previously reported sale of Unitrode 's San Diego-based Passive Components division to AVX . 
Dr. Toseland , a toxicologist , said he was preparing an article for a British forensic medical journal raising the possibility that the deaths may have occurred after human insulin blunted critical warning signs indicating hypoglycemia , or low blood sugar , which can kill diabetics . 
`` When you leave the room after your massage , people say you look like you 're glowing . '' 
In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.57 yen , down from Tuesday 's Tokyo close of 142.10 yen . 
Further consolidations in the industry could follow . 
One local Phillips manager said a seal blew in one of the plant 's reactors . 
But just as every previous NSC adviser has , Gen. Scowcroft now will have to mull at what point the NSC staff becomes too lean and too restrained . 
A surprising surge in the U.S. trade deficit raised fears that the nation 's export drive has stalled , and caused new turmoil in financial markets . 
Scenario 2 extends the recent compromises between the House and the Senate ; it splits the difference between Scenarios 1 and 3 , by increasing the budget at 2 % per year . 
I mean , these folks are so uptight that they blame pretty Kate for the fact that when she was a teen-ager , someone tied her hands behind her back , thrust her head into a gunny sack , brutally raped and beat her , and then left her to die in a cold-storage room . 
Mr. Paul claims to have sold three paintings , at more than a 10 % profit . 
Collectors who have made their money on Wall Street have become an increasingly important part of the art business and their money has helped fuel the art boom , but recently it appears Sotheby 's has been returning the compliment . 
Besides money , criminals have also used computers to steal secrets and intelligence , the newspaper said , but it gave no more details . 
Merrill Lynch now provides credit rating information about the institutions whose CDs it sells , which it did n't provide in 1986 . 
Wow ! 
It wanted to buy RJR Nabisco Inc. 's French cracker subsidiary , Belin , in hopes of selling its products in tobacco stores , but lost the bidding to food group BSN SA . 
Now , as election day nears , even some supporters wonder what he will do if he wins the mayoralty on Nov. 7 . 
So do just about all the losses that could be attributed to the sheer incompetence of unqualified planners . 
`` He 's not a reformer -- he wants to have the image of a reformer . '' 
Complying with these is enough to make business owners look forward to their own pension days . 
Chase Manhattan Corp. , after trying unsuccessfully to sell its interest in its lower Manhattan operations building , has exercised its option to purchase the 50-story office tower . 
The pilots argued that this triggered a pay raise for them . 
GM , meanwhile , is hosting a delegation of members of the British Parliament who are touring the auto maker 's headquarter operations in Detroit . 
Mr. Butz said the divergence in the two measures reflects changes in family size and structure , including the rising number of female-headed families and a sharp increase in income reported by Americans who are n't living in families . 
The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93 . 
`` This is the first time , if we decide to do so , for Japan to extend aid of this kind to Eastern European countries , '' the spokesman said . 
Most recently , the Bank Group has been expanded to include the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency to stimulate direct foreign investment in developing countries by offering guarantees against noncommercial risk and advice to member countries on how to improve their business climate . 
A second group of three company directors , aligned with Rally 's founder James Patterson , also is seeking control of the fast-food chain . 
Mr. Williams said the exercise price is $ 125 , meaning holders would have the right to buy $ 250 of Rubbermaid stock for half price , diluting the investor 's 25 % stake . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
On her husband 's 50th birthday ( after an auspicious 23 years of marriage , it should be noted ) , Betsy , Al and their college-bound son set out for New York to visit Fordham University . 
`` This is especially true for spring merchandise , '' says Jim Rindos , credit manager at Bernard Sands . 
Tuesday 's rout of a GOP congressional hopeful in a Mississippi district that has n't backed a Democratic presidential candidate since Adlai Stevenson is another reminder that , at least at the federal level , political `` ticket splitting '' has been on the rise over the past half century . 
Housing construction sank in September to its lowest level since the last recession , the Commerce Department reported . 
It 's doubtful , though , whether circuit breakers do any real good . 
Sales increased 6 % to $ 5.58 billion from $ 5.27 billion . 
Three International Cash Portfolios funds , which invest almost exclusively in bonds and money-market instruments overseas , were among the four top-performing funds in the latest week . 
But programs in individual computers must be revised in order to work with that system . 
There is a huge divide between Mr. Allen 's we're-all-in-this-together view and the divisive litigation approach of the civil rights groups . 
The action will establish a two-tier exchange rate . 
To reduce it at the fund 's building , workers rubbed beeswax instead of polyurethane on the floors in the executive director 's office . 
Reuben Mark , chairman and chief executive officer of Colgate , said earnings growth was fueled by strong sales in Latin America , the Far East and Europe . 
In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange , UAL closed at $ 168.50 a share , down $ 21.625 . 
The maker of document image processing equipment said the state procurement division had declared FileNet in default on its contract with the secretary of state uniform commercial code division . 
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
`` We are still looking , '' said a Deutsche Bank spokesman . 
Revenue increased 22 % to $ 2.5 billion from $ 2.1 billion . 
And federal officials are promising to move rapidly with federal highway aid to rebuild the area 's severely damaged road system . 
While competitors moved production offshore in response to the sagging competitiveness of Japanese factories , Sansui lacked the money to build new plants in Southeast Asia . 
The staggering losses cap a tumultuous year for Alan Bond and his flagship , Bond Corp . 
`` But it looks tough . '' 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , AMI common closed at $ 23.625 , up 12.5 cents , on volume of almost 1.8 million . 
The success of newcomer SsangYong Motor shows the strength of the auto market and its growing diversity . 
This is a problem not only for Prime Minister Thatcher but for President Bush , as shown in the ongoing bickering over the dollar between the Federal Reserve and the Mulford Treasury . 
A mix of CDs and other holdings may make the most sense . 
The bankruptcy filing , the government has charged in a $ 1.1 billion civil lawsuit , was part of a pattern to shift insured deposits to the parent company , which used the deposits as a cache for real-estate deals . 
In an interview Wednesday with Dow Jones Professional Investor Report , Mr. Stevens said , `` We 're in no way committed to a deal going through at all . 
Now this remarkable economic growth seems to be coming to an end because the government has not converted itself into a modern , democratic , `` developed nation '' mode of operation . 
In contrast to the London performance , Euro Disney there closed down three francs yesterday , at 79 1\/2 francs ( $ 12.66 ) bid , but still about 10 % over the 72-franc offering price . 
Ronald Kirk , president , says Lloyd 's has suffered because its structure does n't allow underwriters to deal directly with clients ; brokers are required intermediaries . 
Jaguar and GM hope to win Jaguar shareholders approval for the accord partly by structuring it in a way that would n't preclude a full Ford bid once the golden share expires . 
Geraldo or Phil would probably pull up another camera and interview the chained protesters . 
James E. Ousley , computer products group president , said such arrangements could help slash Control Data 's computer research and development costs in half by the end of 1990 . 
It is expected to report next summer . 
Yet I would venture that the landscape of our country alone would justify the use of this lofty adjective ... . 
Paying players at SMU was no casual operation . 
Control Data mainframes are designed for numerically intensive computing users , such as the scientific , engineering and academic communities . 
But the two-day trip still has managed to fuel controversy over his administration 's policies in Central America . 
Thursday , a judge is scheduled to rule on Warner 's motion seeking to block the Guber-Peters duo from going to Columbia . 
Japan 's wholesale prices in the first 10 days of October fell 0.3 % from the previous 10 days but rose 3.3 % from a year ago , the Bank of Japan said . 
Meanwhile , Eurocom , which had held 20 % of WCRS 's ad unit , will pay # 43.5 million ( $ 68.5 million ) to raise its stake to 60 % . 
The demise of Merkur ( pronounced mare-COOR ) comes after a September in which 670 Merkur dealers managed to sell only 93 Scorpios . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Bethlehem shares rose 50 cents to $ 17.375 . 
British Air 's move raised new questions about the buy-out group 's efforts to revive a stalled bid for UAL . 
The bank was hamstrung in its efforts to face the challenges of a changing market by its links to the government , analysts say . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 30 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.78 % 13 weeks ; 7.62 % 26 weeks . 
Nomura started a credit-card venture with American Express Co. that allowed cardholders to use their Nomura securities accounts like a bank account , attracting the wrath of banks . 
The average unemployment rate in the 15 biggest industrialized democracies was steady in August at the 6.1 % rate of the two previous months , the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) said . 
( A ratings point represents 904,000 television households ; shares indicate the percentage of sets in use . ) 
Mr. Gutfreund collected $ 32 million , while Billy Salomon got $ 10 million , much less than if he had conducted the sale . 
However , Dr. Etienne-Emile Baulieu , the French physician who invented RU-486 , wrote in a Science magazine article last month that the rabbit-test results could not be duplicated in rats and monkeys . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Sales were $ 597.8 million , up 2.4 % from the previous year . 
Gordon Trimmer will succeed Mr. Haines as manager of Canadian operations , and Mr. Kushkin 's former position is n't being filled at this time , the company said . 
Navigation Mixte 's chairman had suggested that friendly institutions were likely to buy its stock as soon as trading opened Monday . 
Bank Building & Equipment Corp. of America , which previously said accounting discrepancies its auditors uncovered would hurt earnings and require restatement of earlier results , increased its projections of the negative fiscal impact , and said it was exploring the company 's sale . 
Mr. Marinaro could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
Yesterday , it received a $ 15 million , three-year contract from Drexel Burnham Lambert . 
EMPIRE PENCIL , later called Empire-Berol , developed the plastic pencil in 1973 . 
Traders said the market remains extremely nervous because of the wild swings seen on the New York Stock Exchange last week . 
On the Toronto Stock Exchange , Hudson 's Bay shares closed at C$ 35 , up 12.5 cents . 
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 's Jacobs International unit was selected to design and build a microcomputer-systems manufacturing plant in County Kildare , Ireland , for Intel Corp . 
`` But the only way you can find out how your people are doing is by listening . '' 
While many solutions to the nation 's economic troubles are being discussed , the blueprint is attracting widespread attention here because of its comprehensiveness and presumed high-level authorship . 
It was my decision , not anyone else 's . '' 
`` I 'm not so young anymore , '' concedes the cigar-chomping , 48-year-old Mr. Tiant . 
Terry L. Haines , formerly general manager of Canadian operations , was elected to the new position of vice president , North American sales , of this plastics concern . 
I think a lot of people got scared and stayed home . '' 
The brand early on achieved an upscale appeal -- a trait that some analysts believe is partly responsible for its staid performance . 
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders . 
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto-based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator . 
Murata said , however , it will invest about 1.4 billion yen ( $ 9.9 million ) in the new company . 
Many companies are hesitating . 
Metals stocks also were especially weak , as concerns about the earnings outlook for cyclical companies weighed on the group . 
Ohbayashi cited industry publications crediting Howell , currently capitalized at $ 2.2 million , with receiving orders valued at $ 225 million in 1988 . 
He does add , however , that transplanted Japanese car makers are boosting the levels of U.S.-made steel in their autos , instead of relying heavily on imported steel . 
Months after railway worker Zacharias Lewala first picked up a diamond from the sand in 1908 , the German colonialists who controlled Namibia proclaimed a wide swath of the desert -- about 200 miles north from the Orange River and 60 miles inland from the Atlantic -- a restricted area , a designation normally reserved for military operations . 
The problem is that the CD he bought for a retirement plan was n't a plain vanilla CD . 
Strange that we do n't hear similar criticisms of the East Coast activists who seek to clean up Boston Harbor or rid their beaches of medical waste . 
Many investors give Michael Foods about as much chance of getting it together as Humpty Dumpty . 
They would like to retrieve some appliances on the second floor , but wonder if it 's safe to venture inside . 
So throughout the decade I have maintained my share of individual retirement accounts and CDs , and tinkered with stocks , bonds and mutual funds , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market . 
They merely collect campaign contributions from developers that help keep them in office . 
Later that month , it added an entire tank brigade , including 120 T-72 tanks and more than 40 BMP state-of-the-art infantry fighting vehicles . 
`` On the negative side , the market will be affected by constant supply in all sectors of the market , '' said William M. Brachfeld , economist at Daiwa Securities America Inc . 
Mr. Roman comes across as a low-key executive ; Mr. Phillips has a flashier personality . 
To the extent that the $ 150 million budget will allow it , Mr. McDonough will rely on solid wood , rather than plywood or particle board , to limit the emission of formaldehyde . 
Ingersoll has 28 dailies and 200 other non-daily papers in the U.S. and Europe . 
Investors with a heavy tax load should take out their calculators . 
Intelogic was spun off from Datapoint four years ago , shortly after Mr. Edelman took control of Datapoint . 
Coupon , paid monthly , is one-month Canadian bankers acceptance rate . 
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion . 
What do you say we all close down the poker game , go home and bank the $ 16 billion ? 
A program-bashing move is clearly on . 
The exchange was all the more remarkable in that authorities released television footage to Western news agencies . 
New , efficient and sophisticated processes make it easier for smaller , less cash-rich companies to make steel at a fraction of what Big Steel paid decades ago . 
Program trading amounted to 12.3 % of average daily volume in June . 
The index fell 109.85 Monday . 
Accordingly , the hidebound traditionalist reconstructed hypothetical organisms from the Burgess fossils in such a way that they could be shoehorned into familiar categories . 
Jerry Junkins , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said sluggish consumer-electronics sales reduced demand for semiconductors . 
But while making the obvious point that both composers develop variations from themes , this comparison ignores the intensely claustrophobic nature of Mr. Glass 's music . 
The results were in line with analysts ' expectations . 
But Judge Arthur Alarcon , joined by Judge Cynthia Holcomb Hall , took the astonishing position that it is perfectly OK to fabricate quotations so long as a judge finds that the fabrications do not alter substantive content or are rational interpretations of ambiguous remarks . 
Dismissing the trade group 's numbers left traders plenty of time to worry anew about the latest reports on OPEC production . 
The loans can be for accessory apartments , for cottages built in a relative 's yard , for home-sharing or for sale-lease-back transactions . 
They estimate the value of the transaction at close to $ 100 million . 
Mr. Toney also declined to comment . 
In Congress , lawmakers already are looking for ways to add relief funds . 
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer . 
`` It 's an experience they do n't want to repeat . '' 
`` It will take several meetings to resolve this , '' said a spokesman for the Machinists union . 
Then came the frightening 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and a new wave of stock-market volatility . 
Other opponents of Filipino come from non-Tagalog regions . 
Revenue was flat at about $ 2.97 billion . 
Among pharmaceutical shares , Chugai lost 60 yen to 2,290 yen ( $ 16.20 ) , and Mochida fell 150 to 4,290 . 
The inquiry soon focused on the judge . 
Brewery stocks were firm to higher on talk of early bargain-hunting , but most ended below their peaks . 
Although they do n't contemplate delivering any disabling blows , he says that Mr. Alexander will be asked to sign a release from liability , just in case . 
With stocks having been battered lately because of the collapse of takeover offers for UAL , the parent company of United Airlines , and AMR , the parent of American Airlines , analysts viewed the proposal as a psychological lift for the market . 
Falcon Holding Group Inc. said it agreed to acquire about 54,000 subscribers from First Carolina Cable TV Limited Partnership for about $ 100 million , or roughly $ 2,000 a subscriber . 
Japan Air Lines , Lufthansa German Airlines and Air France reportedly plan to form an international air-freight company this year , a move that could further consolidate the industry . 
Swedish Export Credit Corp . ( Sweden ) -- 
For now , says Laurence Drivon , president-elect of the 6,000-member California Trial Lawyers Association , `` the last thing we really need to worry about is whether anybody is going to get sued , or whether they have liability or not . 
But this time , China faces a more difficult battle because of economic forces that have come into play since the Tiananmen Square killings June 4 . 
But the latest mutual fund performance figures do show what can happen when the going gets rough . 
This pill automatically expires after three years unless continued by a vote of the shareholders . 
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain-resistant products with higher quality dyes . 
A major goal is to cut the working week to 35 hours from the present 37 . 
`` I think we did . '' 
And KKR 's majority partner in SCI TV 's buy-out , Nashville , Tenn. , entrepreneur George Gillett , also is said to be very unhappy . 
FORMER CANADIAN AMBASSADOR to the U.S. Allan E. Gotlieb has joined the Philadelphia law firm of Pepper , Hamilton & Scheetz as a consultant . 
That and other fancy gizmos may cost thousands , but simple voice-activated tape recorders sell for as little as $ 70 at electronics stores like Radio Shack . 
Atone 
But as an 80 % owner , if it tried to sell much of its stock in the market , it would likely depress the price of its shares . 
It also indicates a $ 50 million drop in ad sales for regular-season games -- a risk CBS took to get an unprecedented lock on all playoff games . 
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills rose to 7.56 % from 7.51 % Wednesday , while the rate on six-month bills rose to 7.57 % from 7.53 % . 
CIA chief William Webster , hardly a Washington malcontent , got the debate started last week by noting that the executive order banning assassinations had contributed to U.S. paralysis during the coup . 
The price of coffee has gone down almost 45 % since the beginning of the year , to the lowest level ( after inflation ) since the Great Depression . 
BSB BANCORP Inc. , Binghamton , N.Y. , said it increased its regular quarterly dividend 50 % , to 15 cents a share from 10 cents . 
AVON RENT-A-CAR & TRUCK Corp. said it declared a dividend of one warrant for each three shares of common stock . 
Hoechst AG said it will stop producing fertilizer in 1990 because of continued losses and a bleak outlook . 
A spoiler , nimble Tandem Computers Inc. in Cupertino , Calif. , jumped into the fray earlier this week with an aggressively priced entry . 
Individual investors can still get better yields on money funds than on many other short-term instruments . 
According to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report , options trading in Nekoosa was also heavy , ranking only behind International Business Machines Corp. and UAL in volume on the Chicago Board Options Exchange . 
Seventeen articles of impeachment against the Florida judge , one of the few blacks on the U.S. bench , were approved by the House in August 1988 . 
On the same basis , revenue rose to $ 2.7 billion from $ 2.2 billion . 
In the two-part offering , $ 151 million of senior subordinated reset notes were priced at 99.75 and carried a rate of 13 3\/4 % , while the $ 100 million of senior subordinated floating rate notes were priced to float at 4.25 percentage points above the London Interbank Offered Rate , or LIBOR . 
But he said he is prepared to testify that executives of Lincoln and its parent corporation got unusually high salaries and frequent calls directing them to make specific contributions . 
There is a small Renoir on the wall . 
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . ' 
American Home Products 
That 's the word expected to be on the lips of the more than 3,000 developers , pension-fund advisers and real estate financiers slated to attend a four-day conference , beginning here today , sponsored by the Urban Land Institute . 
Hoechst AG 's Chairman Wolfgang Hilger said the company wants to have a substitute product to completely replace ozone-damaging chlorofluorocarbons by 1995 . 
`` There 's no more growth in the tax business { except } for increasing prices , '' the money manager added . 
Shorn of all their riders , special provisions , and other bells and whistles , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : so-called pure insurance , which amasses no cash value in the policy and pays off only upon death , and permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive . 
DWG Corp. jumped 1 1\/4 to 15 on 454,100 shares . 
But despite the credit enhancements , despite the high ratings , some money managers still worry that a recession could wreak havoc on the underlying assets . 
Imperial said in a statement it expects other complaints to be filed in the wake of the original suit and a recent article in Barron 's magazine that focused on the company 's problems . 
The company unveiled more than 50 products , mostly software , that are designed to integrate the three areas of a manufacturing operation -- the plant floor , design operations and production planning . 
The charge of being `` outside the mainstream '' of legal thought gravely undercut Mr. Bork 's scholarly standing , leaving him bleeding on the platform . 
Mr. Roman , by contrast , seems rarely to cut loose at all , although he did appear at Ogilvy 's Halloween party Friday decked out in duck feet and a duck hat , costumed as a `` lame duck . '' 
Sears , Roebuck & Co. is struggling as it enters the critical Christmas season . 
The Sandinista government and the U.S.-backed insurgents agreed in March to suspend offensive operations , but there has been sporadic fighting . 
`` Maybe this will jolt us out of the post-Vietnam syndrome that we never are prepared to use force , '' he says . 
It often is preceded by the development of polyps in the bowel , which in some cases become increasingly malignant in identifiable stages -- progressing from less severe to deadly -- as though a cascade of genetic damage might be occurring . 
Last year 's net loss of $ 3,524,000 included a benefit of $ 1,640,000 from an accounting change . 
Permission is far from automatic : The soviets have the legal right to turn down applications and impose conditions , and they appear to be exercising these powers . 
`` Now we 're looking for a room with thicker walls , '' Ms. Banks says . 
Even if you 're healthy and can renew , your premium will go up sharply because you 're that much older . 
The Lockheed unit has 24,000 workers ; it expects to make the cuts through a combination of furloughs , attrition and retirements . 
Some climate models project that interior regions of Asia would be among the first to heat up in a global warming because they are far from oceans , which moderate temperature changes . 
Allied Capital Corp. II -- 6,500,000 common shares , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
But operating profit from aerospace products rose nearly 50 % to $ 15 million from $ 10.1 million . 
But the notebook , with the more advanced microprocessor and hard disk , is more innovative . 
The October short interest represents 1.04 days of average daily trading volume in the smaller stocks in the system for the reporting period , compared with 0.94 day a month ago . 
`` I do n't see this as a bear market at all . 
Sea Containers plans to sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 each . 
By then , DLJ hopes to be able to sell less-junky junk bonds . 
`` A lot of this stuff really is in untested waters , '' says Owen Carney , director of the investment securities division of the U.S. comptroller of the currency . 
In both 1987 and 1988 , consumer prices rose 4.4 % . 
`` This is the first year since transportation deregulation in 1980 that we have had such a dramatic and broad-based upturn in perceived transportation rates , '' said Bernard LaLonde , a transportation logistics professor at Ohio State in Columbus . 
Law firms that have feasted and grown on the revenue from mergers and acquisitions work are feeling the squeeze as that work declines . 
Birmingham Steel Corp. said that its Emeryville , Calif. , minimill sustained only minor damage from last week 's earthquake . 
For private-sector union workers , the cost of wages and benefits rose 0.9 % in the third quarter . 
When negotiating , Mr. Corry played his cards close to the vest . 
His company , without any major effort , sells more machines in China than in Japan . 
`` We had no serious damage on the railroad , '' said a Southern Pacific spokesman . 
Volume in the second section was estimated at 30 million shares , up from 28 million Thursday . 
In addition , perhaps 5 % of registrants will come from a new category consisting of applicants whose academic credentials `` narrowly missed '' gaining them admission in the first category . 
They lied to me on the recruiting trip . 
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin . 
Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . 
One of the group 's first projects is a `` procrastination hot line '' that students could call when they have an urge to delay studying . 
Here in this new center for Japanese assembly plants just across the border from San Diego , turnover is dizzying , infrastructure shoddy , bureaucracy intense . 
In the latest sign of how difficult it is to place certain junk bonds , Continental Airlines said it was forced to scale back the size of its latest offering . 
But he said Columbia remains `` one of the most strongly capitalized thrifts in the industry , '' based on the economic value of its assets and tangible capital . 
The initial coupon on the floating-rate notes will be 12.9375 % . 
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } . 
`` It 's an overwhelming job , '' she says . 
Canadian Pacific , which has interests in transportation , telecommunications , forest products , energy and real estate , finally took its majority block off the market this spring . 
Mr. Price , 61 years old , also stepped down from the board of TVS Entertainment PLC , the British TV company that last year bought MTM , producer of such TV programs as `` Hill Street Blues '' and `` The Mary Tyler Moore Show . '' 
Mr. Ross , who will be chairman and co-chief executive officer of Time Warner after the merger is complete , denied that in his own affidavit , and called Mr. Yetnikoff 's remarks `` vicious '' and his claims `` reckless , irresponsible and baseless , '' saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan . 
He comes from the same political line as Wright Patman , a bank-baiting Texas populist who chaired the Banking Committee until 1974 . 
The company is still negotiating the sales of the other four units and expects to announce agreements by the end of the year . 
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell-off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around . 
The point is that any piece can be used as background music for virtually anything . 
In the past , writes Houston Chronicle columnist Jim Barlow , outlanders were accepted only after passing a series of tests to prove they had the `` right '' Texas attitudes and `` of course they had to be dipped for parasites . '' 
Because brand loyalty is weak and most cosmetics purchases are unplanned , careful training of store sales staffs by cosmetics companies is important . 
Mr. Gintel owns 300,000 of the company 's 6.3 million common shares outstanding . 
EWDB , formed by the merger of Eurocom and Della Femina McNamee WCRS , said it agreed to buy Vizeversa , an agency in Barcelona . 
The coupling of the law firm and the Washington Legal Foundation is odd also , because Wilmer Cutler was one of the firms singled out for criticism two years ago by the conservative legal group for displaying a liberal bias in its pro bono work . 
The highest yielding taxable fund this week was Harbor Money Market Fund , with a seven-day compound yield of 12.75 % . 
They 're going to decide what their employees can or can not read . '' 
Just Wait Until You 're a Bit Older 
In a telephone interview , Robert Thomson , TCI senior vice president , said Showtime 's suit against HBO `` does n't involve us , and nothing we 're doing here bears any relationship to that . '' 
And even when a specific order is acceptable to an exchange , a brokerage firm can refuse to enter it for a customer . 
Both were right . 
`` I do n't think Kellogg can get back to 40 % this year , '' he said . 
But the low average volatility Mr. Phelan is talking about is n't any comfort in a period of rapid stock-market moves like the past week . 
Yesterday 's Centennial Journal misstated the company 's name . 
The company is exposed to bulk chemicals , however . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-stock Index rose 5.37 to 347.13 and the Nasdaq composite index jumped 7.52 to 470.80 . 
A special section dealing with aviation rights states that landing rights for Hong Kong 's airlines , which include the smaller Hong Kong Dragon Airlines , will continue to be negotiated by Hong Kong 's government . 
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks . 
Mattel added 1 1\/4 to 19 5\/8 , Tonka firmed 1 to 18 1\/2 and Lewis Galoob Toys rose 7\/8 to 13 5\/8 on the Big Board , while Hasbro gained 1 to 21 7\/8 on the American Stock Exchange . 
The flamboyant and publicity-conscious Mr. Belli says he already has investigators looking into who could be held liable for the damage on the Bay Bridge and the interstate approaching it . 
In yesterday 's report , First Interstate said its bank in Texas also reported a loss of $ 23.5 million for the quarter . 
Thrice married but now single , Mr. Peters got plenty of ink last summer for an on-set romance with actress Kim Basinger during the making of `` Batman . '' 
I feel about Sassy like I did about Working Woman 10 years ago . '' 
University of Michigan students look for jobs related to planned careers . 
Yet the best the far-left could do was not enough to deter the biggest voting bloc -- nearly 40 % -- from endorsing the direction Spain is taking . 
City officials there had been were aware that a large company was moving in , but negotiations had all been conducted through a law firm and under the code name `` Everglades . '' 
The deposit numbers for August marked a swing back to huge outflows after a July net deposit inflow of $ 54 million -- the only net inflow in more than a year . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 68 days ; 8.30 % 69 to 89 days ; 8.125 % 90 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Over the years , it has helped encourage investments by entrepreneurs in the Third World through its extensive credit operations and through loans and investments by the International Finance Corp . 
Through the first nine months , the company had a loss of $ 484 million , largely reflecting the closing of its supercomputer unit . 
Operating profit , pretax profit and net income results , however , were provided for the immediately preceding six-month period . 
` When the quake hit , we turned on our emergency generator and brought our computers up , '' he says . 
Rep. Austin Murphy ( D. , Pa. ) , chairman of the House labor standards subcommittee , said they might have done better `` if we 'd held their feet to the fire . '' 
`` The tests indicate that dual and non-dual traders are similar in terms of the trade executions and liquidity they provide to the market , '' Mrs. Gramm told the Senate panel . 
`` If futures are n't permitted here , we 'll take it to Australia or Tokyo . '' 
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff . 
In 1936 , John Maynard Keynes wrote that `` of the maxims of orthodox finance none , surely , is more antisocial than the fetish of liquidity . '' 
Revenue soared to $ 101.7 million from $ 39.5 million . 
Chemical said Steven Edelson resigned recently , but one individual close to the situation said the resignation was forced . 
Greg Smith , Moon Township manager , said the ordinance is intended to prevent the concentration of group homes for the mentally retarded from changing `` the character and flavor of the neighborhood . '' 
Fed officials appear reluctant to ease their credit grip any further because a bold move does n't appear necessary , several investment managers said . 
The Nasdaq Composite closed down 1.05 , or 0.2 % , to 459.93 . 
Catalog companies are likely to pose a bigger threat to all stores this year , particularly in December . 
Sales in the quarter gained 29 % to $ 410.4 million from $ 317.7 million a year earlier . 
For the third quarter , Warner 's $ 106 million loss compared with a year-ago loss of $ 113 million , or 90 cents a share . 
But it still might be cheaper than taking a major hit . 
But Mr. Warren says the woman has `` psychic burns '' on her back from the confrontation . 
The White House had the perfect case , but Congress blinked before it could go to court . 
And he added that manufactured goods exports are still rising . 
But since then U.S. oil production has declined and Mobil wants to focus its oil-finding efforts overseas . 
1:11 a.m . 
The average six-month CD in that category added 0.05 percentage point to 8.35 % , for example . 
`` It 's a severe case of regulatory whiplash , '' complains Henry Saveth of consultant A. Foster Higgins & Co . 
A `` senior Fed official '' spoke on Saturday after the market swoon to both the Washington Post and the New York Times , saying the Fed was prepared to provide as much credit as the markets needed . 
Orkem S.A. , a French state-controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said . 
General Mills Inc. , the food giant , launched a breakfast cereal called Benefit , containing psyllium , oat , wheat and beet bran ; the words , `` reduce cholesterol '' were prominently displayed on its package . 
He expects the company 's trading business to drop as much as 40 % this year . 
As a result , UAL 's chairman , Stephen M. Wolf , pulled out of the buy-out effort to focus on running the company . 
Managers and presenters insist that chamber music concerts are a hard sell , but can audiences really enjoy them only if the music is purged of threatening elements , served up in bite-sized morsels and accompanied by visuals ? 
Mr. Wertheimer , 38 years old , had been a first vice president in the industrial group in investment banking . 
Mr. Dinkins 's campaign manager and former chief of staff , Bill Lynch , denies that the Manhattan borough president has taken too long to decide important issues . 
Within minutes after the stock market closed Friday , I called Sen. Bill Bradley of New Jersey , advised him that the Dow Jones Industrial Average had declined by 190 points late that afternoon , and cheerfully informed him that he and his fellow Democrats were to blame . 
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast-growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion . 
The General Accounting Office estimates that 50 % of IRS audits do n't spot companies that fail to file the reports . 
Quack . 
For the nine months , Mattel net more than doubled to $ 58.9 million , or $ 1.19 a share , from $ 25.4 million , or 53 cents a share , a year ago . 
A crowd estimated at 100,000 held a torch-lit march through Budapest as Acting President Szuros delivered a nationally televised address rejecting communist dominance . 
`` Filtered news is what people want , '' says Esther Dyson , editor of Release 1.0 , an industry newsletter that spots new developments . 
Lower component costs -- especially for DRAMs , or dynamic random access memory chips -- were cited for the easing of margin pressure on the company , a spokeswoman said . 
First Iberian Fund led the percentage increases , rising to 73,100 shares from 184 . 
Friday 's plunge , he is telling PaineWebber brokers , was nothing more than a `` tremendous reaction to leveraged buy-out stocks . '' 
Along the way , Mr. Tharp omitted a total of $ 1.5 million from his receipts reported on federal tax returns for three years . 
But there 's no danger of exposing sources and methods in disclosing the debate running up and down Pennsylvania Avenue . 
`` I 'm buying fabric right now for clothes which I may not be paid for until April or May . 
b - Includes a $ 41.3 million gain on the sale of FiberCom . 
But the Fed is n't enthusiastic about Treasury efforts to bring down the value of the dollar through intervention in foreign-exchange markets , and the Treasury is frustrated at the Fed 's reluctance to cut interest rates to pull down the dollar 's value . 
`` It 's going to be a tough league , '' promises the 47-year-old Mr. Campaneris . 
The only passenger who survived the crash was Cecelia Cichan , then 4 , of Tempe , Ariz. , whose parents and brother died in the crash . 
Reps. Hamilton and Dorgan also have altered their bill , dropping a proposal to add the Treasury secretary to the 12-member Fed committee that makes monetary policy . 
The league organizers seem more a fit with a convention next door of young aerobics instructors in leotards than the beefy union leaders ; `` I wish I could go work out , '' says a slim activist . 
Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. is redemption agent . 
`` I 'm certain that in the course of the hearings the names { of the senators } will be brought out , '' Mr. Gonzalez says . 
It 's a downbeat , `` thirtysomething '' world , in which bright , still youngish people are engaged in a glossy version of day labor , doing free-lance , semi-professional work that brings little satisfaction or security but that they know they should be grateful to do . 
The effort will make the Peanuts gang very familiar pitchmen in 1990 . 
For many , it began to look like a replay of Oct. 13 . 
Nortek has agreed not to acquire any securities of Federal-Mogul for 10 years and not to influence company affairs during that period . 
In the lobby behind its nine-story , orchid-strewn atrium , a 20,000-gallon aquarium will come alive with sharks , stingrays , angelfish , puffers and other creatures of the deep . 
Mr. Simmons declined to comment , and the White House said the congressmen 's letter is under review . 
U.S. Trust recently introduced certain mutual-fund products , which allow it to serve customers with minimum deposits of $ 250,000 . 
In the 1988 third quarter , the forest-products company reported profit of $ 144.9 million , or 69 cents a share . 
When Mr. Lang asked Mr. Lorin whether he had taken steps to have Mr. Laff killed , the witness again said no . 
`` I could get AZT , '' says Mrs. Glaser , who bears her infection without any symptoms . 
Salomon Brothers was among the largest sellers of stock-index futures last week , traders said . 
But even though NATO negotiators have only 10 months left under the Bush timetable , they are still wrestling over such seemingly fundamental questions as `` What is a tank ? '' 
That same calculation saw profit rates fall to 4.6 % in the recession year 1982 and the supposed miracle that followed has seen the profit rate rise only to 8.1 % in 1986 and 8 % in 1987 . 
`` He does n't know himself , '' Kathy Stanwick of the Abortion Rights League says of Mr. Courter 's position . 
RMI Titanium is owned jointly by USX and Quantum Chemical Corp . 
Even if the buy-out group is able to obtain financing , the transaction still faces obstacles . 
Nationwide , output of light industrial products declined 1.8 % -- `` the first decline in 10 years , '' a bureau spokesman told China Daily . 
It was considered South Africa 's largest opposition rally . 
Mr. Pound responded , `` It 's a deal . '' 
In response , Mr. Peters says , Mr. Ross referred to his colleagues at Warner with an `` obscenity '' and said : `` Tell them that they do n't have a job . 
In the auto sector , Bayerische Motoren Werke plunged 14.5 marks to 529 marks ( $ 288 ) , Daimler-Benz dropped 10.5 to 700 , and Volkswagen slumped 9 to 435.5 . 
In recent months , three big Tokyo-based publishing concerns -- including Nikkei Business Publications , Nikkei Home ( no relation ) , and Magazine House -- applied for membership in Magazine Publishers of America , which represents almost all U.S. consumer magazines . 
He achieved this in part with an uncanny talent for getting his foot peacefully in the door of established European companies . 
After completing installation of the jackets on `` one frame '' of the freeway last year , the state DOT had sent the project over to its Sacramento engineers to draw up a final design . 
L.J. Hooker , based in Atlanta , filed for Chapter 11 protection in August and has also announced its intention to sell its B. Altman & Co. department store chain . 
In terms of sheer brutality , the Somali regime of Siad Barre may rank as No. 1 in the world . 
`` We will only deal with clients on the phone , '' he says . 
Completion of the exchange offer is subject to the tender of at least 80 % of the debt , among other things . 
But should they spy one , the company will pay a bonus equal to one-third its value . 
McCaw 's offer is scheduled to expire tomorrow . 
There was `` selling pressure from everyone , '' said one trader . 
Meanwhile , the Duke , who set the original scheme in motion , appears on the scene disguised as a friar and becomes involved in a series of intrigues that has everyone fearing the worst possible outcome until the Duke arranges a last minute reprieve for all concerned . 
`` It 's like an oasis in this room , '' Ms. Foster purrs . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : 
1 . To some extent the Federal Reserve shared the popular but incorrect view that expansionary monetary policy could yield a net improvement in employment and output . 
The U.S. and Finland signed an income-tax treaty , subject to ratification . 
Martin Marietta Corp. said it won a $ 38.2 million contract from the U.S. Postal Service to manufacture and install automated mail-sorting machines . 
So despite Wall Street 's rosy talk of quickly `` maximizing values , '' holders could be in for a long wait . 
( Keeping cool is a Dinkins priority : On humid days this summer , he was known to change his double-breasted suits as many as four times a day . ) 
As a result of the adhesive problem on the Ford Escort subcompacts , windshields may easily separate from the car during frontal impact , the U.S. auto maker said . 
Other makers of video controller equipment also were caught in the EGA-VGA shift , he said , `` but we were able to respond much more quickly . '' 
-- The Washington Post , Sept. 9 , 1987 . 
But to Hong Kong , China is n't purely business . 
Likewise , in the U.S. , Nissan has grabbed 5.2 % of the car market so far this year , up from 4.5 % a year ago . 
Piping in a waste-treatment plant needed immediate repairs . 
Last week another potential buyer , Whitehall Financial Group -- which had agreed in August to purchase most of Integrated 's core companies for $ 310 million -- ended talks with Integrated . 
Mr. Miller vetoed that : `` Even I ca n't understand all the footnotes , '' he says . 
However , director Thomas O'Rourke has said he wo n't seek re-election at the company 's annual meeting next month . 
The key issue in the case , which the law firm is handling without a fee , or pro bono , is whether a person sentenced to death can voluntarily waive his rights of appellate review . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Dayton rose $ 1 to $ 61.125 . 
Employees were told that if they really wanted the publications , they would have to have them sent home instead . 
For the paper industry specifically , most analysts said the deal will spur a wave of paper-company takeovers , possibly involving such companies as Union Camp Corp. , Federal Paperboard Co. and Mead Corp . 
`` We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , '' Mr. Schwarz says . 
That , in turn , is expected to persuade banks to cut their prime lending rate , a benchmark rate on many corporate and consumer loans , by half a percentage point , to 10 % . 
It is unrelated to the much-publicized virus that last year infected Arpanet , a much larger network used by researchers at universities , laboratories and government agencies around the world . 
Mr. Bince , the trust 's associate executive trustee , declares the bidding a failure . 
In a new report , the International Council of Shopping Centers said sales of general merchandise in the West for the first seven months of 1989 rose 6.6 % above year-earlier levels . 
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily . 
Many congressmen are citing the compromise on the `` Americans With Disabilities Act of 1989 '' as a model for bipartisan deliberations . 
`` There 's either a minority { stake } package capable of getting Jaguar shareholder approval or there is n't , '' said one knowledgeable individual . `` 
`` Galileo is on its way to another world in the hands of the best flight controllers in this world , '' Atlantis Commander Donald Williams said . 
Most National Council members are themselves disabled or are parents of children with disabilities . 
In most cases , the IRS says , these projects are local or regional , rather than national , and arise because auditors in an area detect some pattern of abuse among , say , factory workers claiming that having a multitude of dependents frees them from tax withholding or yacht owners deducting losses from sideline charter businesses . 
Dayton Hudson Corp. said it accepted for purchase seven million common shares at $ 62.875 each , under the terms of a Dutch auction self-tender offer . 
A claim by Peter Testa of New York that a stranger paid him $ 500 to go into a bank and change $ 44,400 in small bills into large bills `` is unconvincing , '' the Tax Court found . 
And not just for the players . 
The government spent most of last year attempting to carry out such a plan but was thwarted when the parent Waertsilae concern pulled out at the last minute . 
Attorneys involved in the talks said that the parties were closer to accord than they were a year ago , when reports of an imminent agreement circulated . 
It may experience an upswing or two in between . 
Nearly 1,000 investors responded to the Journal 's poll , providing an in-depth look at their portfolios . 
It appears that the only thing Congress is learning from the HUD story is how to enlarge its control of the honey pot going to special interests . 
Like Brecht , and indeed Ezra Pound , Ms. Bogart has said that her intent in such manipulative staging of the classics is simply an attempt to `` make it new . '' 
`` Lethal Weapon II '' was also a big hit . 
JROE : 
This provision lies at the heart of the British and Unice fears of `` social engineering '' by the commission . 
Those allies included Politburo members Guenter Mittag , who has long headed economic affairs , and Joachim Hermann , chief of information policy . 
Such a dual role would be `` impractical and unethical , '' Warner said , adding , `` that concept is as silly as suggesting that the head coach of the Los Angeles Dodgers could simultaneously be general manager of the San Francisco Giants . '' 
As an alternative , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index . 
That done , Ms. Volokh spoke with rampant eloquence about the many attributes she feels she was born with : an understanding of food , business , Russian culture , human nature , and parties . 
The windows will open . 
The consensus of economists polled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report calls for a 2.5 % annual growth rate for GNP during the quarter . 
Japan 's steel exports fell 12.2 % in September from a year earlier and were down 1.1 % from the previous month , the Japan Iron and Steel Federation reported . 
The Oversight Board , created in the savings-and-loan law signed in August , sets policy for the RTC , which will sell hundreds of the nation 's sick thrifts and billions of dollars of their assets . 
He said that American Telephone & Telegraph , MCI Communications Corp. , Rochester Telephone Corp. and IBM itself would likely be Digital 's subcontractors on the project . 
They did themselves even more good . 
The town is home to the Mountain Bike Hall of Fame and it hosts the annual Fat Tire Bike Week . 
`` I care very much for this post , '' he says . 
Seasonally adjusted figures for August were n't available because of a recent strike that has disrupted the ministry 's data collection . 
( Airlines are n't lowering fares to Northern California following this week 's earthquake , but reservation agents can waive advance-purchase restrictions on discount fares for emergency trips . ) 
But yesterday , Manhattan Cable announced it will launch Showtime on Nov. 1 to over 230,000 subscribers . 
Coniston , a New York investment partnership , awaits a vote by TW 's shareholders , scheduled for Friday , on Coniston 's $ 34-a-share , or $ 1.66 billion , offer for TW . 
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs . 
But the growth was partly offset by lower equipment sales and rentals and price cuts on some products . 
Under the original proposal , the maker of specialty coatings and a developer of information-display technologies offered $ 400 of notes due 1996 , 10 common shares and $ 175 in cash for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
But even a little appeal has a lot of attraction these days . 
Mr. Stoltzman must have worried that his audience might not be able to take it : He warned us in advance that `` New York Counterpoint '' lasts 11 1\/2 minutes . 
Throw in its railroad , minerals , pipeline and oil assets , he and others argued , and the Chicago-based conglomerate should be worth 30 a share . 
It wo n't happen again . 
Not yesterday . 
On the other hand , Nissan 's sales goals for Infiniti are modest compared with Toyota 's targets for Lexus . 
He thought the moves in the metals last week were most influenced by the uncertainty in the equity and other financial markets . 
He started Arrow Roustabouts Inc. a year ago with a loan from a friend , since repaid , and now employs 15 . 
Some traders said institutions were waiting to see the U.S. jobless rate to be issued Friday . 
The debentures will be available in book-entry form only in a minimum amount of $ 5,000 and additional increments of $ 5,000 . 
Though Charisma 's sales are up slightly this year , Mr. Harty says profits will be flat or lower . 
Then , a scientific team led by molecular geneticist Webster Cavenee , then at the University of Utah , found the answer . 
Desperate , he has called in the Libyans to help fight the rebels of the Somali National Movement in the north , which is only one of several groups picking away at the regime in the capital of Mogadishu . 
The flying telephone : `` You tangle the base cord around a chair leg , and the receiver does seem to fly off . '' 
Some analysts say investors will begin paying more attention to earnings , partly in response to the latest round of disappointments . 
Dow has n't said exactly what impact the Marion acquisition will have on 1989 earnings . 
The secondary , or resale , market for asset-backed securities is relatively new and much less active than for Treasury issues . 
-- Pat D'Amico . 
Among composite insurers , General Accident rose 10 pence to # 10.03 ( $ 15.80 ) a share , Guardian Royal climbed 5 to 217 pence , Sun Alliance rose 3 to 290 , and Royal Insurance jumped 12 to 450 . 
UAL Chairman Stephen M. Wolf , who is leading the management end of the buy-out , has n't provided investors with any assurances about the prospect of a new deal . 
Mike Metschan , a salesman in Wang 's Austin , Texas , office , has a breezier method : `` We tell them $ 3 billion companies do n't go out of business . 
It has purchased about 19 million of them . 
The award , although far less than the $ 10 million , including punitive damages , that Ms. Midler sought , is likely to force Madison Avenue to further rethink how they use famous songs in ads . 
That is n't all . 
It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . 
Time Warner reported a $ 176 million loss for the third quarter , reflecting the cost of the recent merger and a method of accounting for the deal . 
Naturally , the principals ' union loves building tenure , and tenure has withstood previous challenge . 
Paul A. Herbig Indiana University Bloomington , Ind . 
Sales at Radio Shack stores open more than a year grew only 2 % in the quarter from a year earlier , he said . 
The Tokyo Stock Price Index ( Topix ) of all issues listed in the First Section , which gained 22.78 points Thursday , was up 14.06 points , or 0.53 % , at 2679.72 . 
So far , money managers and other bond buyers have n't shown much interest in the Refcorp bonds . 
Living there for six years was really scary . 
Indeed , some of the bill 's requirements , including broad representation on the exchanges ' boards of directors and strong measures to prevent conflicts of interest , already have been put in place by the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange and other futures exchanges . 
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo . 
`` The implied current net asset value of 22.70 { per share } is well below the 30 level that the Street believed , '' PaineWebber says . 
It hinted over the weekend that it would have been interested in a hook-up with Thomson-CSF . 
His election increases Ryder 's board to 14 members . 
These mainly involved such areas as materials -- advanced soldering machines , for example -- and medical developments derived from experimentation in space , such as artificial blood vessels . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
The new chip `` is a very big step in computing , and it is important that Olivetti be one of the first out on the market with this product , '' said Patricia Meagher Davis , an analyst at James Capel & Co. in London . 
Carnival said the `` Fantasy , '' the first of the three $ 200 million ships that Carnival has on order , is scheduled to be delivered next month , just in time for the winter tourist season in the Caribbean . 
Some forms of private property would be sanctioned . 
Quarter revenue was $ 232.6 million , up 12 % from $ 206 million last year . 
`` We used to show some hot-dog skier in his twenties or thirties going over the edge of a cliff , '' says Kathe Dillmann , a spokeswoman for the United Ski Industries Association , the trade group sponsoring the campaign . 
Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd . ( Japan ) -- $ 300 million of 8 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 17 , 1999 , priced at 101 3\/8 to yield 8.85 % less full fees annually , via Daiwa Europe Ltd . 
In Brussels , it was the first trading day for most major shares since stocks tumbled on Wall Street Friday . 
When Maj. Moises Giroldi , the leader of the abortive coup in Panama , was buried , his body bore several gunshot wounds , a cracked skull and broken legs and ribs . 
Over time , the odds increasingly favor the investor with a diversified portfolio . 
He not only slashed marginal tax rates , initially sparking fresh growth in Britain , but he wanted to regulate monetary policy by targeting exchange rates , indeed joining the European Monetary System . 
Chinese and foreign economists now predict prolonged stagflation : low growth and high inflation . 
Tax-loss sellers , those investors who sell loss-making stocks so they can deduct their losses from this year 's income , are also getting out , Mr. Mills said . 
It also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency controlled by Eurocom and headed jointly by New York ad man Jerry Della Femina and two top WCRS executives . 
`` Giants fans went into euphoria , '' says Mr. Engelken . 
He will retain the honorary title of non-executive chairman . 
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10-year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re-elected . 
But junk bonds took more hits . 
So , some see a special irony in the fact that Mr. Steinhardt , the trader , now is encumbered with a massive , illiquid airline holding . 
Developers and money managers are looking for bargains among the thousands of financially troubled properties around the country . 
Each scientist independently concluded society and government are underreacting when it comes to substantive policy change . 
He said the company was `` encouraged by feedback '' it received from selected customers now testing Version 1.1 . 
He urged them to refer their friends , who also lost money . 
Right now , the executive adds , `` he wants to continue to focus on paying down '' USX 's debt by selling assets . 
Fireman 's Fund had claims adjusters on the streets of San Francisco right after sunrise yesterday and was paying as many claims as it could right on the spot . 
Aside from Generale de Belgique and Asahi , the syndicate includes Antwerpsche Hypotheekkas , a Belgian savings bank , and various family interests . 
In addition , Unisys set up an unspecified reserve -- apparently $ 60 million to $ 70 million -- to cover the minimum amount it will have to pay the government because of its involvement in the defense-procurement scandal . 
Last week , yields on long-term New York City general obligation bonds jumped half a percentage point . 
`` We are now monitoring for it much more closely , '' he said . 
The team reported they managed to induce bacteria to produce a non-toxic version of the poisons produced by the bacterium that causes whooping cough . 
The RTC has projected that it will require between $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion in temporary working capital . 
Literally . 
It is backed by Government National Mortgage Association 9 1\/2 % securities with a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 29 years and being offered at market prices . 
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary . 
\* Includes $ 1.29 billion extraordinary charge . 
The move had been widely expected . 
Traders are already buckling their seat belts . 
The House seriously considered raising the top tax rate paid by individuals with the highest incomes . 
Got back to Bolinas , and everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor , file cabinets open or dumped onto the floor . 
In 1983 , Texas Air 's Continental Airlines filed for bankruptcy . 
With this personal strategy firmly in place , I look forward to years of fine life-style investments and increasing widespread leverage . 
George A. Wiegers 
The company , which has interests in television , trucking services , and glass-making and food-processing equipment , said it plans to make other acquisitions in the telephone industry . 
Robert Stovall , a veteran New York money manager and president of Stovall\/Twenty-First Securities , has money in both gold and utility issues . 
`` Many of the branches are very lucrative , '' she says . 
Her dismissal angered many in the regional theater establishment and led Peter Zeisler , head of Theatre Communications Group , to write an editorial in American Theatre magazine condemning the board . 
So the potato crop , once 47 million tons , is down to 35 million . 
Still , she said , Drexel 's trouble with some states is n't a bad thing . 
Indeed , McCaw seemed to hint at that option in a brief statement . 
Eventually viewers may grow bored with the technology and resent the cost . 
In an age of specialization , the federal judiciary is one of the last bastions of the generalist . 
Du Pont , which announced plans for a 3-for-1 stock split and raised its quarterly dividend by 14 % , jumped 2 1\/2 to 117 3\/8 . 
The steep climb in producer prices reported last Friday fostered pessimism about lower interest rates and contributed to the stock market 's 6.9 % plunge that day . 
Transactions in which prices were disclosed totaled $ 71.9 billion , up 36 % from $ 52.9 billion a year earlier , the company added . 
Attorneys general in several states , including Illinois , are already suing Watson & Hughey Co. , an Alexandria , Va.-based outfit that they say has used deceptive sweepstakes ads to solicit donations for the American Heart Disease Foundation and the Cancer Fund of America . 
But Darman suggests such tensions will dissipate quickly . 
Most issues have been sold to professional money managers , pension funds , bank trust departments and other institutions . 
As a result , the company has suspended its quarterly dividend . 
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive . 
In the past five years , more than 68 % of its sales have been outside the U.S. . 
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 . 
We 're surprised . 
When last we left him , FBI Agent Nick Mancuso had solved a murder mystery , unraveled a Washington political scandal , and racked up some pretty good ratings numbers in the miniseries `` Favorite Son . '' 
The vote to approve was 
Lloyd 's of London said it plans to clamp down on the ability of underwriting syndicates to leave their annual accounts open beyond the customary three years . 
Ford and Saab officials declined to elaborate publicly on the announcement Friday that their negotiations failed to yield an agreement `` that could make long-term business sense to both parties . '' 
Less-than-truckload companies , which carry the freight of several shippers in each truck trailer , discounted away a 4.7 % rate increase implemented last April . 
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much-larger Mesa . 
The two companies would appear to be a logical fit because of their complementary lines , and analysts described the offer , representing a 36 % premium over Nekoosa 's market price , as fair . 
If , by that time , the network reaches 14 million homes , the contract will be renewed for five more years . 
But LDP members and supporters of the prepaid card idea tend to speak in innuendo about the JSP 's alleged donations , implying that North Korean money would be more suspect than South Korean because North Korea is communist and South Korea is an ally . 
Norman Young , a `` mud-logger '' at the Sniper well , has worked all but about nine days of this year . 
Government lending was not intended to be a way to obfuscate spending figures , hide fraudulent activity , or provide large subsidies . 
Mr. Bush said he would allow the bill to become law without his signature , because he said only a constitutional amendment can protect the flag adequately . 
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. . 
About 98 % of the outflow was transferred to other Fidelity funds , says Neal Litvack , a Fidelity vice president , marketing , with most going into money market funds . 
Since such loans are often refinanced through the sale of high-risk , high-yield junk bonds , the recent woes of the junk-bond market have renewed concerns among regulators about the risks associated with Wall Street firms issuing bridge loans . 
Colgate 's results were at the high end of the range of analysts ' forecasts . 
But let us not confuse profits of big business masquerading as concerns for people 's health care or for the cost . 
In its second quarter last year , Western Digital earned $ 12.7 million , or 44 cents a share , on sales of $ 258.4 million . 
It is now a commonplace that prosecutors are bringing criminal indictments in cases where until a few years ago only a civil action at most would have been brought . 
Philip Morris disclosed little detailed information about performance by major business lines except to say that most , including Philip Morris U.S.A. , Kraft General Foods and Miller Brewing Co. , posted increased revenues . 
When the computers say `` sell , '' the composite tumbles as well as the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
The uninsured subordinate lien bonds are n't rated , according to the lead underwriter . 
If the refinancing plan clears Congress , there could be fairly heavy prepayments on the premium securities , hurting any investor paying much above par for them . 
But in federal court in Manhattan , Judge Patterson said the FBI records could show that Mr. Ferguson 's arrest was the result of questionable legal practices . 
The agency declined comment , but said it will continue work until a new agency is chosen . 
The dollar weakened against most other major currencies . 
But a chance to fill out sales-tax records is rarely one of them . 
After the vote , Connecticut Rep. Nancy Johnson rounded up nearly as many signatures on a letter to Mr. Bush urging him not to veto . 
Why is the stock market suddenly so volatile ? 
Both insiders declined to comment . 
The position of the United States , which once contributed 25 % of the budget , is that nothing has changed . 
CONGRESSIONAL LEADERS BACKED Bush 's criticism of Nicaragua 's Ortega . 
Corporate bonds `` are usually not a good bet in a recession , '' Mr. Wyss says . 
While Allianz officials were n't willing to comment in any detail on their plans , they said Allianz currently holds between 5 % and 10 % of Navigation Mixte , an apparent increase from the 5 % stake that Navigation Mixte officials had earlier announced . 
That was the message delivered by government and private security experts at an all-day conference on corporate electronic espionage . 
The Kremlin also has been unwilling to provide hard currency for the auction , using a lot of it instead to finance emergency imports of consumer goods . 
If Mr. Redford wanted to be accepted by the people of Utah , he should have taken an advisory role instead of one of forcing his personal preferences . 
UNDER A PROPOSAL by Democrats to expand Individual Retirement Accounts , a $ 2,000 contribution by a taxpayer in the 33 % bracket would save $ 330 on his taxes . 
About 200,000 East Germans marched in Leipzig and thousands more staged protests in three other cities in a fresh challenge to the Communist leadership to introduce democratic freedoms . 
Consumer groups have long advocated that drug companies and doctors make more information available to patients . 
He said the transaction was made for investment purposes . 
In peak periods that load may include 4,000 pieces . 
Some town-watching excursions were downright comic . 
Nick Cortese thinks that 's what happened to him . 
Late Thursday , the Treasury said it needed to raise $ 17 billion quickly and would do so by issuing new securities this week . 
`` This is an exceptionally odd takeover battle , '' says London analyst Christopher Will of Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
Says a spokeswoman for the Brussels Bourse : `` Nobody around here will tell you they are happy the system did n't work . 
In reaction to proposed capital-gains legislation , groups are lobbying to make sure they are n't left off the gravy train . 
`` These people are n't necessarily stupid or naive . 
In a corner of the cavernous , new Nippon Convention Center sits Mazda Motor Corp. 's advanced-technology display . 
The carriers were competing fiercely for market share . 
Perhaps Mrs. Thatcher understands better than those distressed at her style that ultimately history and Britain 's voters will decide who is right about Europe , sanctioning South Africa or running Britain 's economy . 
-- G. Sterling Leiby . 
Also , most of the telecommunications equipment was out . 
Santa Cruz County estimates total damage at nearly $ 600 million . 
The late buying was drawn into the London market , dealers added , after Wall Street showed signs of stability following its rocky opening . 
The government 's primary economic-forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing . 
Compared with the major economies on the Continent , the U.K. faces both higher inflation and lower growth in the next several months . 
The notes are convertible into common stock of Blockbuster Entertainment at $ 22.26 a share , representing a 12 % conversion premium over yesterday 's closing price . 
A year ago , results were buoyed by a $ 20 million after-tax gain from an asset sale . 
On Wall Street , takeover stock traders bid Nekoosa 's stock well above the Georgia-Pacific bid , assuming that Nekoosa 's will either be sold to a rival bidder or to Georgia-Pacific at a higher price -- as much as $ 75 a share , according to some estimates . 
Some shows just do n't impress , he says , and this is one of them . 
Amgen rose 1 1\/2 to 50 3\/4 in heavy trading . 
Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way to drive away . 
Expansion plans also include acquisitions in growing foreign markets . 
Whitbread had total pretax profit in the year ended Feb. 25 of # 223.2 million , on sales of # 2.26 billion . 
He then ousted President Nicholas Ardito Barletta , a former World Bank official with close ties to the U.S. , after Mr. Barletta tried to create a commission to investigate the murder . 
Investors interpreted the KKR move as a desire by the firm to wash its hands of SCI TV . 
For months the Johns Hopkins researchers , using gene probes , experimentally crawled down the length of chromosome 17 , looking for the smallest common bit of genetic material lost in all tumor cells . 
Sales rose nearly 2 % to $ 8.13 billion from $ 7.98 billion . 
Mortgage securities generally ended 6\/32 to 9\/32 point higher , but lagged gains in the Treasury market because of a shift in the shape of the Treasury yield curve and rumored mortgage sales by thrifts . 
In the period , the company completed the sale of its European cosmetics businesses , sold a majority interest in its Brazilian affiliate , and announced the reorganization of its over-the-counter drug businesses into a new unit , Schering-Plough Health Care Products . 
Exxon 's profitability , like that of many other oil companies , was hurt during the third quarter by declining returns from the chemicals and refining and marketing businesses . 
What makes the veteran FBI man so endearing is his hard-bitten cynicism -- earned , we discover , when he was assigned to the civil rights movement back in the 1960s . 
A spokesman for Shearson said the brokerage service will be directed at individual investors who want to buy foreign and domestic stocks . 
W.R. Grace & Co. , New York , said its earnings for the third quarter nearly doubled as a result of a $ 114.4 million pre-tax gain from restructuring its energy operations and other adjustments . 
Under a program approved by the company in 1987 that did n't specify a share amount , Nashua had purchased 481,000 shares through Sept. 29 . 
The three men agreed to rewrite the guidelines , without changing the basic assassination ban , to clear up any ambiguities that may have hampered U.S. encouragement of coups against anti-American leaders . 
The announcement effectively removes the British government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by General Motors and Ford . 
A community of abandoned farmsteads , failing businesses , and crumbling roads and bridges is hardly a desirable one ... . 
New York Life has been doing the same for over 140 years . '' 
The contract will be based on the three-month Hong Kong interbank offered rate , or Hibor . 
`` Each Japanese bank has its own judgment on the profits and risks in that { UAL } deal , '' he said . 
-- The Treasury wisely has refused , but has concluded that indirect credit support through various multinational agencies should be made available for a price : either debt reduction or debt-service reduction or new loans ( the Brady Plan ) . 
Prevented by the Communist Party from getting on its slate of nominees for the new Supreme Soviet , he stood as an independent candidate for Congress from his native Ukraine and won with 84 % of the vote . 
For the first time , the U.S. considered cutting Mr. Noriega from its intelligence payroll -- and the deliberations were intense , Mr. Turner says . 
Campeau reportedly may receive a $ 1.3 billion offer for Bloomingdale 's from Tokyu Department Store of Japan . 
Families that do not need the loan can make money simply by putting the loan in the bank and paying it back when the student graduates . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 130.13 , up 0.23 ; spot index 130.46 , up 0.10 . 
Mr. Kuehn , the company said , will retain the rest of the current management team . 
The year-earlier period included $ 40.1 million , or 41 cents a share , from discontinued operations . 
Earlier this week , a Fifth Circuit appellate panel upheld Judge Maloney 's dismissal of Mr. Gaubert 's claim as a shareholder but said the judge should reconsider Mr. Gaubert 's claim for the loss of his property . 
In April , Hoechst , the largest producer of CFCs in West Germany , said it wanted to reduce production of the product by 50 % by 1993 . 
While the Tigreans are communists , like the Eritreans they are among the most anti-Soviet guerrillas in the world , having suffered more than a decade of aerial bombardment by the Soviet-supplied Mengistu air force . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the well-servicing contractor had net income of $ 319,000 , or 3 cents a share , on revenue of about $ 15 million . 
erembal , the second-largest maker of food cans in France , had 1988 sales of $ 150 million . 
They said , ` Too bad , ' so we finally said we 're not going to do business with them . '' 
Unveiled last April , the chip crams 1.2 million transistors on a sliver of silicon , more than four times as many as on Intel 's earlier model , 80386 . 
Mr. Semel , in his affidavit , does n't mention any hugging or congratulating . 
It is also the sovereign power that , come 1997 , will take over this British colony . 
Mr. Andersson is anxious to strengthen Trelleborg 's balance sheet . 
Mercedes-Benz , which had said it did n't owe taxes to Massachusetts partly because it sells its cars at a dock in Baltimore and not in Massachusetts , did n't explain its change of heart . 
Among the defendants are Mr. Boesky ; the now-defunct Ivan F. Boesky & Co. ; Mr. Boesky 's main underwriter , Drexel Burnham ; and Cambrian & General Securities PLC , a British investment fund once controlled by Mr. Boesky . 
He thinks Saab-Scania AB on Friday will announce the sale of 50 % of its car division to Ford ; the companies have been discussing closer cooperation for months . 
The move defied a law , approved in Moscow this month , banning such walkouts . 
Mr. Lesko , who is making the rules as he goes , has determined that bureaucrats are eligible for nomination by other bureaucrats . 
Also , the smaller growth stocks are n't widely traded , and so are harder to buy and sell quickly than blue chips . 
Central Maine said it is evaluating `` many energy options '' to make up for the lost future power , including new energy generation and management proposals from New England , and possibly new Canadian purchases . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
The Tokyo Regional Taxation Office declines to comment , and Mr. Kori , the tycoon 's secretary , says the problem simply resulted from a difference of opinion over what was considered income . 
Small crops are grown in Pakistan , France , Spain , Italy , Belgium and Brazil , but their quality ca n't compare to that of Indian psyllium . 
People are shooting for a dream . '' 
Paris shares had a similar reaction , but most other European bourses posted gains , as did all major Asian and Pacific stock markets . 
By an 84-6 margin , the Senate approved the bulk of the spending Friday , but the bill was then sent back to the House to resolve the question of how to address budget limits on credit allocations for the Federal Housing Administration . 
Lebanon 's Parliament passed the power-sharing accord to end the country 's 14-year-old conflict , but the Christian military leader wad the plan was `` full of ambiguities . '' 
Exports reached $ 5.12 billion , up from $ 4.52 billion a year earlier , while imports rose to $ 6.81 billion from $ 5.33 billion . 
The implicit price deflator , a measure of inflation , was down to a 2.9 % annual rate of increase in the quarter from a 4.6 % rate of gain in the second quarter . 
On the comeback , Ms. Del Signore unloaded shares she has been aiming to get rid of . 
The mines produced a total of 110,000 tons of copper in 1988 . 
The discount rate , currently 7 % , is the rate the Fed charges member banks for loans , using government securities as collateral . 
For Mitsubishi Estate , the Rockefeller purchase will catapult it firmly into the overseas real estate business , the one area where it has lagged notably behind Japanese competitors such as Mitsui , which had purchased the Exxon Building . 
`` I see a lot of evidence indicating a slower economy , and that means my interest-rate outlook has a downward tilt , '' said Garnett L. Keith Jr. , vice chairman of Prudential Insurance Co. of America , one of the nation 's largest institutional investors . 
At a news conference last May announcing plans for the auction , Sotheby 's estimated its value in excess of $ 100 million . 
A 20-story mesh spire will stand atop 50 stories of commercial space . 
Genentech stock fell 12.5 cents in trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange to $ 20.125 . 
The mining , metal and specialty-chemical concern said combined revenue for asbestos and coal was about $ 40 million of the company 's total revenue in 1988 of $ 1.98 billion . 
This well may be the first time that the venerable Rockefeller University has brushed up publicly against the intimidations now common in American science . 
Market makers , to cut costs , slashed inventories of stocks they keep on hand to sell investors when other holders are n't selling . 
The Minneapolis-based retailer said it expects to pay for the seven million shares next Thursday . 
`` This is an outstanding example of how the East and the West can work together for their mutual benefit and progress , '' said Soviet Ambassador Yuri Dubinin , who hosted a signing ceremony for the venture 's partners at the Soviet embassy here . 
Federal revenues rose 9 % to $ 990.79 billion . 
The opposition Labor Party leader , Neil Kinnock , in a display of the male chauvinism typical of the British lower class , denounced Mrs. Thatcher for having an independent mind and refusing to heed the men in her Cabinet . 
The Amex Market Value Index fell 3.10 to 376.36 . 
Civil disobedience , violent or non-violent , is intentional law breaking . 
In numerous parks near San Francisco , rangers have been forced to close trails , set up speed traps and use radar guns to curb fast and reckless riding . 
If Mr. Wilbur 's translation is a finely ground lens through which we see the pettiness and corruption of 17th-century Paris , Mr. Falls 's production is a mirror in which we see ourselves . 
Towering overcapacity in the synthetic fiber business , which accounted for half of the Dutch chemical company 's sales , led to huge losses and left Akzo 's survival in doubt . 
Bankruptcy experts said the law is n't clear on how such an arbitration ruling can affect a company 's case . 
Perhaps most important , Mr. Noriega 's allies have intervened to encourage -- in some cases , to demand -- that the dictator maintain his grip of the throne . 
House Speaker Thomas Foley won $ 510,000 for a project in his district in Washington state , and $ 1.3 million , earmarked by Sen. Daniel Inouye , amounts to a business subsidy under the title `` Hawaiian sugar mills job retention . '' 
Some critics say futures encourage people to think of stocks as a single commodity , rather than as investments in individual businesses . 
The Machinists rejected a proposal featuring a 10 % base wage increase over the life of the three-year contract , plus bonuses of 8 % the first year and 3 % the second . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A fell 1 3\/4 to 20 3\/4 . 
The balloting to decide when and how to fill the position , which replaces a collective presidency under a pact signed by the ruling Socialists and opposition groups , is to be held Nov . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts . 
Growth stocks may be as big as Philip Morris or medium-sized such as Circuit City Stores , but their common characteristic is a history of increasing profits on the order of at least 15 % to 20 % a year , money managers say . 
A sinking economy depresses corporate earnings and thus stock prices , but it buoys bond prices as interest rates fall . 
Bush declared the region a major disaster area and the military was mobilized to prevent looting . 
Sales for the quarter rose to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.47 billion . 
Analysts have been expecting a GM-Jaguar pact that would give the U.S. car maker an eventual 30 % stake in the British company and create joint ventures that would produce an executive-model range of cars . 
THE NORTHEAST office market is feeling serious aftereffects of the giddy overbuilding of the 1980s . 
The ARCO memo urges employees to keep certain supplies at work , such as solid shoes and `` heavy gloves to clear debris . '' 
Interstate\/Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300-member staff . 
An individual familiar with the negotiations said that whatever investments the limited partners do not recoup from the $ 330 million in partnership assets , they will receive from the $ 350 million restitution fund available as a result of Drexel 's settlement with the government in December 1988 . 
Typically , manufacturers are paid 10 days after the month in which they ship . 
Mr. Breeden 's selection will be scrutinized as an important signal about the strength of his commitment to continuing the SEC 's high-profile pursuit of insider trading and market manipulation on Wall Street . 
The fund 's cash position is now about 22 % , which Mr. Bacarella calls `` still bearish . '' 
McCaw 's bid also has a similar clause . 
One way to make the ruble into a major international currency would be to leave reserves of gold and earning assets in a Swiss bank with distributions based on Swiss laws . 
`` If we do n't do something ... we wo n't be able to catch up with demand , '' says a Dentsu spokesman . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.04 % two months ; 8.03 % three months ; 7.96 % six months ; 7.92 % one year . 
Akzo also makes products derived from salt , such as chlorine and caustic soda . 
Catching up with commercial competitors in retail banking and financial services , they argue , will be difficult , particularly if market conditions turn sour . 
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co-payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers . 
He said : `` We know of no technology that exists anywhere in the world that would allow us to '' reinforce the columns . 
For those looking for something between a minority stake and total ownership , the owners ' group is considering a special sale where established horse breeders would sell a 50 % stake in horses to newcomers . 
Dr. Vogelstein next turned his attention to colon cancer , the second biggest cancer killer in the U.S. after lung cancer . 
With many suburban areas basically overbuilt with shopping centers , inner-city areas may represent a major new untapped market for investment . 
But `` on a new car , a rebate does n't work well '' because it cheapens the vehicle 's image , contends Thomas D. Mignanelli , executive vice president of Nissan 's U.S. sales arm . 
A survey of 54,000 of them conducted by the IAFP in April showed that these practitioners alone had controlled or guided the investment of $ 154 billion of their clients ' money in the previous 12 months . 
Mr. Skase , a 41-year-old former newspaper reporter who chairs the company , said in a statement that Qintex will sell its 51 % stake in its upscale Mirage resorts in Australia and Hawaii as well as three Australian television stations . 
Experts say such long hours for attendants pose a safety risk . 
Market makers are supposed to keep supplies of stocks on hand to maintain orderly trading when imbalances occur . 
He also says he is losing money now . 
Republicans would try to attach a capital-gains provision to that legislation , hoping the political popularity of its other two parts would dissuade Democrats from blocking it . 
British politicians divide into two groups of chickens , those with their necks cut and those screaming the sky is falling . 
But unlike London , out here I 've never heard anybody blow a car horn in anger . 
The tip-off came when he opened a recent Merrill Lynch statement and found that the CD 's `` estimated current market value '' had plummeted by $ 9,000 in a month . 
As a result , Mr. Mengistu has been forced to transfer thousands of troops from Eritrea just to hold the town , thereby risking the loss of even more territory in Eritrea only to keep the Tigreans at bay . 
The book is patronizing about this nouveau riche struggle for respectability , which has its tawdry aspects . 
Chemicals that exceed these risk levels would be barred , but those that fall below these levels would be allowed . 
Businessmen took their cue from the engineers . 
The real estate investment trust said that it leased the three Florida facilities to National Health Care Affiliates Inc. of Buffalo , N.Y . 
The White House has decided to seek changes in pesticide law that are aimed at speeding the removal of harmful chemicals from the food supply . 
`` All the positive figures on the economy are out already , and people are focusing more on the dangers for next year , mostly the wage talks and the { parliamentary } elections , '' the U.S. trader said . 
Still , the long view of Robert Bork as constitutional thinker must be a spotty one . 
Bulgaria 's government has been behaving beyond the pale for months , and the U.S. does its values no credit by ignoring that while casting its votes into the past . 
Such preferences persist even though many Americans believe differences between imported and domestic cars are diminishing . 
Stock of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. gyrated wildly yesterday amid speculation that one or more investors may challenge the UAL board 's decision to remain independent instead of pursuing a buy-out or other transaction . 
`` The fit is so good , we see this as a time of opportunity , '' he said . 
`` It 's getting harder to sell , '' he mutters as he leaves the room . 
Most of the owners must pay up to 10 % of gross ticket sales for leases on stadiums they say are either too small or too old . 
That can reduce returns by a third or more , once local taxes are included , Mr. Lipper says . 
`` We 'll raise it through bank loans . 
And IBM worries that the Japanese will take over that equipment market , too , unless U.S. semiconductor companies produce enough memory chips here to keep U.S. equipment makers healthy . 
Goodyear 's stock , which has been weak in recent weeks , fell $ 2.875 yesterday to close at $ 43.875 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Though Judge Keenan threw out most of Mrs. Marcos 's objections , he agreed with one of her concerns : that turning over the foreign documents could violate the defendant 's constitutional right against self-incrimination . 
The proposed rules also would be tougher on the insiders still required to file reports , he said . 
Mr. Carpenter says that when he assumes full control , Kidder will finally tap the resources of GE . 
According to terms , WCRS will pay 2.02 billion French francs ( $ 318.6 million ) for the 50 % it does n't already own of Carat Holding S.A. , one of Europe 's largest media buyers . 
Revenue totaled $ 1.01 billion , a 43 % increase from $ 704.4 million , reflecting the company 's acquisition of Emery earlier this year . 
It was only earlier this year that the jovial , easygoing executive -- he likes to joke with Americans about how his name is synonymous with twelve -- was appointed deputy president . 
The Vatican was in the red last year . 
Of like , though lesser , note , Secretary of State James Baker put the administration four-square behind perestroika and glasnost , and therefore behind Mikhail Gorbachev , in a pair of carefully reasoned speeches over the past week or so . 
Partners at other accounting firms say that the Deloitte firm in the U.K. is filing the suit to get even with the merged Deloitte-Touche firm for keeping major auditing work in England . 
6:50 a.m . 
Southern Air Transport Inc. won $ 47.5 million in Air Force and Navy contracts for transportation services . 
Signs of growing weakness in the economy , paired with indications that inflation is staying well under control , have caused them to wonder why the Fed chairman is so grudging in reducing rates . 
Elliott Abrams , a veteran of intelligence committee debates , doubts that even Grenada or the Libyan raid would have taken place if `` consensus '' had been required . 
The idea would be to administer to patients the growth-controlling proteins made by healthy versions of the damaged genes . 
The Commerce Department also is trying to encourage HDTV because of the benefits that could spin off to the semiconductor and computer industries . 
Other Western Union securities were also lower . 
`` It 's like getting a free toaster when you open an account , '' says Axe Core 's Mr. Lynn . 
We were lucky . 
Researchers can apply for permission to use the probes for brain studies . 
For the survey , Peter D. Hart Research Associates asked some 2,000 consumers , including Mrs. Lombardi , whether they usually buy one brand of a certain type of product or have no brand loyalty . 
`` Nothing can be better than this , '' says Don Sider , owner of the West Palm Beach Tropics . 
In an impromptu news conference on the Capitol steps , he denounced the senators ' action . 
Peeking Inside Arteries From Outside the Body 
Seats currently are quoted at $ 410,000 bid , $ 425,000 asked . 
Under terms of the sale , Nuggets owner Sidney Shlenker could receive up to $ 11 million in additional payments from the franchise 's future earnings . 
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 . 
But President Bush is expected to veto the congressional legislation and that , along with the easy approval of the Pennsylvania measure , is likely to mute the abortion-rights activists ' claims of momentum and underline the challenges faced by this resurgent movement . 
Merksamer was the first in a series of retail acquisitions made by L.J. Hooker . 
He estimated the breakup value at $ 55 a share . 
By making clever inferences about how the squashed and distorted fossil remains corresponded to three-dimensional structures , this trio was able to piece together a series of wondrous beasties quite unlike anything currently on the planet . 
Mr. Daly said such discussions are motivated by the competitive threat posed by Federal Express , United Parcel Service of America Inc. and other fast-growing air-freight companies . 
A revised provision would be included for the conversion of short-term claims inside the net to long-term loans outside the net . 
Because fresh eggs are less expensive than processed ones , a big egg user can recover the Egg King 's $ 3,390 cost in a few months , says Mr. Maynard . 
`` But in the end , top management decided to follow the voice of the younger generation . '' 
He manned the UAL post yesterday with Christopher Bates , 33 , an energetic Long Islander who 's a dead ringer for actor Nicolas Cage . 
`` It 's a tremendous disappointment , '' said Janet Hathaway , an attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council . 
Mr. Cortese , a 33-year-old Delta Air Lines engineer , invested some $ 2,000 in penny stocks through a broker who promised quick returns . 
MTM is a unit of British-based TVS Entertainment PLC , whose chief executive officer , James Gatward , will oversee the company until a successor is named . 
Some of these problems are neither new nor unique to the OTC market . 
DPC Acquisition Partners , a hostile suitor for Dataproducts Corp. , filed a petition in federal district court in Los Angeles seeking to have its standstill agreement with the computer printer maker declared void , and it proceeded with a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the company . 
An example is the biggest offering of them all , Larsen & Toubro 's $ 570 million bond issue . 
In a large company that means many hundreds of complaints for personnel to handle . 
The Nationalists withdrew in 1950 , after their flight to Taiwan , and the Communist government in Beijing applied for restoration of China 's membership in July 1986 . 
Two well-known colleagues who believe Mr. Straszheim was right the first time are David Bostian Jr. and A. Gary Shilling , both of whom run their own New York research firms . 
And while customers such as steel service centers are continuing to reduce inventories through the fourth quarter , they eventually will begin stocking up again , he notes . 
`` This is clever , subliminal advertising that really says , ` Smokers have rights , too , ' '' says Al Ries , chairman of Trout & Ries Inc. , a Greenwich , Conn. , marketing strategy firm . 
Just four years ago , GM planners divided the combined car and truck market into seven segments . 
For the year ended June 30 , 1989 , Merksamer Jewelers had $ 62 million of revenue and operating profit of $ 2.5 million . 
`` He did it very well , '' recalls Boris Martinez , a former Panamanian colonel who managed Mr. Noriega and his operation . 
The IRS offered no evidence of hidden sources of taxable income , so Judge Shields rejected its claims . 
But from early on , Tiger 's workers unionized , while Federal 's never have . 
The complaint , filed in federal district court , accuses Imperial and other defendants of issuing false and misleading financial data . 
In Europe , the dollar closed slightly up in a market dominated by cross trades . 
About 10 % to 15 % of members at Atlanta 's Holiday Espre Center are elderly , says Gerald Williams , fitness consultant . 
The U.S. unit dipped to a session low against the mark just after the release of the U.S. consumer price index . 
We consumers tend to have long memories . 
All independent media activity is now illegal , which perhaps is not surprising , but so is the manufacture of perfume , cosmetics , household chemicals and sand candles . 
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % . 
The agency , under his direction , bitterly fought a takeover attempt by WPP Group PLC of London before succumbing in May . 
Individuals close to the Ford side of the negotiations said late last week that the No. 2 U.S. auto maker lost interest as it became clear that the Swedish auto maker 's automotive operations had little to offer in the way of image or technology . 
Mr. Downey said he is not going to change his style , which some critics said was flamboyant and others deemed offensive . 
Almost simultaneously , PaineWebber began a very visible buy program for dozens of stocks . 
Despite continuing troubles with problem assets and nonperforming loans , the trust said it expects to be able to maintain or increase the rate of distributions because of operations of joint-venture properties . 
A long succession of Mexican presidents arbitrarily nationalized whatever industry they took a fancy to , without having to answer to the public . 
For the PRI to stand a chance , Mr. Salinas has to press on with an economic program that so far has succeeded in lowering inflation and providing moderate economic growth . 
The Amira transaction is typical of the way venture-capital firms are approaching the task of commercializing biotechnology research . 
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen-Probe 's stock . 
Viktor Sidorenko , vice chairman of the State Committee on Nuclear Safety , said the two reactors were at Kursk and Smolensk . 
Three new books make the point that one large price of the glittery college-sports show can be the integrity of the schools that stage it . 
Other companies based in the area include Hewlett-Packard , which rose 1\/4 to 49 ; National Semiconductor , which went up 1\/4 to 7 5\/8 , and Genentech , which eased 1\/4 to 19 5\/8 . 
He was able to slash the price of the company 's least expensive mountain bike to $ 279 from $ 750 in 
More than 100,000 claims against Robins are pending . 
Although one transportation official said drivers who did n't use car pools were committing `` an anti-social act , '' about two-thirds of the motorists crossing the Golden Gate were alone , compared with the normal 70 % rate . 
The company , based in Toledo , Ohio , had said it expected reduced third-quarter profit . 
Japanese newspaper Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported that the three giants plan to integrate their cargo computers and ground-cargo and air-cargo systems . 
`` This whole experience has been an opportunity for internal growth , '' he says . 
However , that figure could be revised , Financial Corp. said . 
The decision by Merrill , the nation 's largest securities firm , represents the biggest retreat yet from program trading . 
Beefeater alone is worth as much as # 300 million , analysts said . 
The commission 's filing in that case challenges Connecticut 's mandatory retirement age of 70 for appointed judges . 
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital . 
Takeover speculators -- who have already taken a record loss estimated at more than $ 700 million on UAL -- started selling other stocks as well as S&P futures in an attempt to hedge against a further UAL blood bath . 
Promises Feng-hsiung Hsu : `` In three years we 'll mount a better challenge . '' 
Rated single-B-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-minus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
An estimated $ 1.57 billion is separately allocated for the National Science Foundation , and within the Housing and Urban Development Department , more than $ 9.2 billion is provided for federally assisted housing , including an expanded effort to modernize public housing units that serve the poorest families . 
Citicorp also said that the average rate fell to 7.986 % at its $ 50 million auction of 182-day commercial paper from 8.1255 % at last week 's sale . 
`` The thing about the Dinkins candidacy is that it offers hope to a broad range of people , '' says Meyer Frucher , a real-estate executive and former aide to Gov. Mario Cuomo . 
They know all the answers and are not used to working more than 40 hours a week . 
In August , personal income rose 0.3 % and spending grew 0.9 % . 
Analysts say much of Kellogg 's erosion has been in such core brands as Corn Flakes , Rice Krispies and Frosted Flakes , which represent nearly one-third of its sales volume . 
The small , wiry Mr. Morishita comes across as an outspoken man of the world . 
It can send a fighter squadron to strafe terrorist hideouts in the Bekaa Valley , but ca n't shoot Abu Nidal . 
Enserch Corp. said about 12 million , or 93 % , of the publicly traded units of its limited partnership , Enserch Exploration Partners Ltd. , were tendered in response to an offer that expired Monday . 
The average interest rate rose to 8.3875 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.337 % at last week 's sale . 
Time Warner Inc. and Sony Corp. may be today 's public enemies , but the two entertainment giants could end up becoming partners in a number of ventures as part of a settlement of their acrimonious legal dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters . 
But critics fret that post-1997 officials ultimately will be responsible to Beijing . 
Fullerton , Calif . 
Joanne Lipman contributed to this article . 
To date , scientists have fingered two of these cancer-suppressors . 
`` What happens to those two basketball contracts will shape the next five years of network sports , '' says Peter Lund , a former CBS Sports president now at Multimedia Inc . 
He and others say that the machines are weak enough that they do n't jeopardize the memory . 
A Rake 's Progress Means Branching Out 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Fireman 's closed at $ 35.50 a share , down 50 cents . 
HOT TOPIC : 
New York is in the process of trying to disengage itself from a 20-year-old commitment to this system of school governance , even as Chicago and other cities are moving to institute it . 
Passive Components makes capacitors and filters used to protect electronics . 
It also says countries could temporarily raise tariffs on certain products if they experience an unusually heavy volume of imports . 
Finally , the official estimates understate growth because they make inadequate allowance for improvements in quality of goods and services . 
In one personal-injury case , a woman claimed she had been injured when she slipped in a pool , but the fall did n't explain why one of her arms was discolored bluish . 
This year Congress , with prodding from President Bush , has been busy trying to put many of these same tax preferences back into the code . 
Shortly after that , Sony would offer to buy Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. for $ 200 million and offer its co-chairmen , Peter Guber and Jon Peters , the chance to run Columbia . 
Mr. O'Brien will elaborate on the SIA 's position in testimony before the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee this week , a spokesman said . 
In a news release issued by Mr. Drivon , the trial lawyers association also promised free assistance to victims . 
Investors were further assured that only those with a minimun net worth would be accepted . 
Two other firms , Ovonic Imaging Systems Inc. of Troy , Mich. , and Magnascreen Corp. of Pittsburgh are developing a variation of the flat-panel screens called active-matrix liquid crystal displays . 
The less-rigorous Senate version would defer the deductibility for roughly five years . 
At Quotron , the company 's National Call-In Center , which swung into action for the first time last month for Hurricane Hugo , assembled a tactical team at 5 a.m. yesterday to begin rerouting lines and restore service to brokers and traders . 
Some auto executives believe the benefits of more choice outweigh the drawbacks . 
Despite Mr. Paul 's characteristic hauteur , the 50-year-old , chain-smoking dynamo is finding that getting CenTrust -- Florida 's largest thrift institution -- out of its riskiest investments is much tougher than getting into them had been . 
They note that most of the new plants will come on line in 1992 , when the current import trade restraint program ends , which could result in more imports . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
After a slick redesign , the two-year-old magazine has been relaunched this month by its parent company , Keizaikai Corp. , the Tokyo-based company with interests that include financial services , book publishing and a tourist agency . 
The natural gas pipeline concern said the 500 million cubic feet a day capacity pipeline would be built by a proposed joint venture between two Panhandle Eastern units - Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. and Trunkline Gas Co . 
I got home , let the dogs into the house and noticed some sounds above my head , as if someone were walking on the roof , or upstairs . 
Northwest , a unit of NWA Inc. , and McDonnell Douglas Corp. , which made the MD-80 aircraft , also are pursuing counterclaims against each other in the crash near Detroit Metropolitan Airport . 
But once the basics are covered , `` then I would start to invest , even if it 's as little as $ 1,000 , '' says Michael Lipper , president of Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
The ministers , concluding a two-day meeting in southern Portugal , welcomed Moscow 's pledges to cut its military forces , but urged the Soviets to do more to slash short-range nuclear weapons . 
One executive familiar with the Bloomingdale 's situation said , `` No book has been issued regarding Bloomingdale 's , there are no projections , so I doubt very much whether any bid has been made . '' 
`` Sometimes , '' says his wife , `` we 're happy about that . '' 
`` We 're making adjustments on the show , yes , but nothing radical , '' said Craig Nelson , the story consultant on `` Teddy Z . '' 
General Electric Co. said it signed a contract with the developers of the Ocean State Power project for the second phase of an independent $ 400 million power plant , which is being built in Burrillville , R.I . 
The football and basketball players spent more time on their sports in season than they did on class attendance and homework combined ( 30 hours a week versus 25.3 ) . 
And centenarians fly free in first class . 
The $ 833.6 million figures includes the new acquisitions . 
During the past year , government officials and leading business organizations have repeatedly urged Japanese companies to refrain from flashy real estate purchases in the 
In recent months , numerous retailers have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , including Bonwit Teller , B. Altman & Co. , and Miller & Rhoads Inc . 
Dealers noted that it 's difficult to structure new Remics when prices are moving widely . 
Yellow pages advertising sales rose 11.8 % to $ 41.2 million . 
It 's a sound phenomenon . '' 
That strip of concrete is backed up by a few one-story , air-conditioned shacks where a handful of American nationals -- buttressed by imported food , cold soft drinks and back issues of Sports Illustrated -- maintain radio contact with the outside world . 
Petco Options , an options trading firm owned by the family of the deceased former Chicago Board of Trade chairman Ralph Peters , is getting out of the trade clearing , or processing and guaranteeing , business after sustaining a multimillion dollar loss Friday , options industry officials said . 
The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns . 
I find it very difficult to say that . 
And with its new venture with Japan 's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. , announced last week , it is poised to penetrate growing markets overseas . 
For most field workers , it 's about time . 
But long-term Treasury bonds staged a modest rally , with prices on most issues rising about half a point , or $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Chrysler Corp. scheduled overtime this week at its St. Louis Assembly Plant No. 2 , Newark , Del. , and Sterling Heights , Mich. , assembly plants . 
The other five Bay area counties have increased their total damage estimates to $ 2.8 billion . 
`` The computer 's mind is too straight , too primitive , '' lacking the intuition and creativity needed to reach the top , he said . 
Most of Part A 's costs are paid by a payroll tax on workers and employers . 
SciMed Life Systems Inc. , Minneapolis , said a federal appeals court vacated an earlier summary judgment in its favor . 
`` Read my lips , '' said Mr. Smith . 
U.S. and Soviet officials are to open a new round of talks today aimed at reducing chemical-weapons arsenals amid superpower differences over whether to stop making the gases . 
`` Most want cardiovascular conditioning ... the No. 1 way of reducing risk of heart disease . '' 
They are , nonetheless , high on Manville 's management . 
To hear advertisers tell it , the magazine just has n't kept up with the times . 
Share prices in Frankfurt closed narrowly mixed after listless and directionless trading . 
Now , television and radio evangelists are under scrutiny . 
He said that while the U.S. trade gap with Canada has widened significantly , the trade deficit with Western Europe and Japan continues to narrow . 
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % . 
Norwood has made `` no detailed plans , '' but it has engaged in talks with other shareholders , the filing said . 
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . '' 
Brooks Brothers is also remodeling its stores . 
`` The time is long overdue to take a look at the fierce competition in the long-distance business and the rules governing it , '' the New York telecommunications firm said in a statement . 
More recently , some former Quebecor executives started their own printing company , specializing in printing and distributing advertising circulars . 
In the neighborhoods with the highest crime rates , small business generally relies on the public police force for protection . 
At the same time , a small group of Senate Democrats are working on a similar plan and may introduce it soon . 
The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for low-interest disaster loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
Global offshore-rig use shows a similar upward trend . 
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . ) 
But Andrew Porter , a drug-industry analyst at Nikko Securities Co. in London , said if the product were to be successfully developed it would represent `` a potential threat to the long-term viability of Retrovir . 
But industry observers still questioned whether Georgia Pacific will ultimately prevail . 
Designs call for an L-shaped structure with a playground in the center . 
The company also makes optical character recognition equipment . 
The latest round of losses is likely to be a serious blow to the Chicago Board Options Exchange , which has never fully recovered from the aftershock of Black Monday , when investors fled the market because of huge losses . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.63 % . 
Chamberlain Manufacturing Corp. won a $ 25.8 million Army contract for 155mm artillery shell casings . 
More than 400 traders jammed the S&P 500 futures pit to await the opening bell . 
That 's about all it costs to appease Adm. Erich Raeder 's ghost . 
The dollar initially fell against other major currencies on news that the U.S. trade deficit surged in August to $ 10.77 billion . 
The other months posted advances of 10 cents to 20 cents an ounce . 
The company 's latest moves were disclosed after the Australian Stock Exchange suspended trading in shares of Qintex Australia and Qintex Ltd. because the companies had n't answered an exchange inquiry about the extent of their loans , investments and deposits at Qintex Entertainment . 
CHRISTMAS SHOPPERS find a helping hand from some catalog companies . 
But the company 's latest quarter was a few pennies a share lower than the more pessimistic projections on Wall Street . 
Maryland Stadium Authority -- $ 137.6 million of sports facilities lease revenue bonds , Series 1989 D , due 1992-1999 , 2004 , 2009 and 2019 , tentatively priced at par by a Morgan Stanley group to yield from 6.35 % in 1992 to 7.60 % in 2019 . 
Melvin Belli 's San Francisco law offices may have been the epicenter of legal activity after Tuesday 's earthquake . 
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned . 
Nearly half of the respondents ( 47 % ) said their investment portfolio was worth $ 250,000 or more , and 17 % said it was worth $ 1 million or more . 
America 's war on the dictator over the past two years , following his indictment on drug charges in February 1988 , is the legacy of that relationship . 
This put Mrs. Thatcher in a bind . 
There was no appreciable market impact from the California earthquake . 
The number of big institutions that own H&R Block shares is 207 and growing , according to a midyear tally by CDA Investment Technologies . 
`` He reassured me that the hurricane would end , '' Mr. Deaver recalls . 
Dealers said the day 's action was featureless outside some response to sterling 's early weakness against the mark , and fears that Wall Street might open lower after its strong leap forward Thursday . 
They 're frightened by what they see in New Jersey , and especially Virginia , where pro-life GOP candidates for governor are being pummeled on abortion . 
`` Those are primarily white-collar workers , a customer segment that has historically proved elusive for convenience stores . '' 
His term has produced no spectacular failures in politics , in the economy or on the military front , and has chalked up some successes . 
And , because China 's leaders have abandoned plans to drastically reform the economy , it is likely to continue , analysts say . 
The departing Mr. Cathcart says he has no worries about Kidder 's future . 
In the series , Virgil Tibbs ( Howard Rollins ) and his wife , Althea ( Anne-Marie Johnson ) have settled in Sparta , Miss . 
The base metal price has dropped 30.3 % from a year earlier to 78 cents a pound . 
`` What happened in the stock market and the bigger trade deficit '' reported yesterday `` make it unlikely that short-term interest rates will rise '' any time soon , said Mr. Mehl of Banxquote . 
Amid the market disorder , even Drexel , which has the widest and most loyal following of junk bond investors , is pulling in its horns . 
He calculates that the recent market slide translated into a 5 % to 7 % reduction in IPO proceeds to companies . 
Separately , Dominion Textile posted net income of 4.7 million Canadian dollars ( $ 4 million ) , or 12 Canadian cents a share , for the fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
In Washington , the Senate voted to condemn Ortega 's threat to cancel the truce , and Bush said he would review U.S. policy toward Managua , including the possibility of renewing military aid to the rebels . 
The food company , which has 720,000 warrants and about 2.9 million common shares outstanding , said it may increase the offer to purchase any or all warrants that are properly tendered . 
The record price for associate membership is $ 275,000 , set Aug. 30 , 1988 . 
Dr. Levy 's answer may come with a new kind of magnetic brain probe , a device that he and dozens of U.S. researchers are studying with great hope . 
Merger and acquisition activity in the third quarter exceeded the year-earlier pace , said Merrill Lynch & Co. 's W.T. Grimm & Co. unit in Schaumburg , Ill . 
`` We will not go over a certain level , '' said David N. McCammon , Ford 's vice president for finance , at a news conference yesterday in Dearborn , Mich . 
Mr. Rubendall could n't be reached . 
He is ogling the curtains rippling above the ventilation ducts . 
Accord prices start at $ 12,345 . 
The reason : Items with narrow appeal can be important in a market as fragmented as today 's . 
`` We 're all a little greedy . 
`` These guys prey on human frailties . '' 
`` Property values did n't go up in California yesterday , '' says one money manager . 
WHEN JAMES SCHWARTZ was just a lad his father gave him a piece of career advice . 
In addition , officials will have to get quotes for certain reinsurance contracts and obtain approvals from other syndicate directors . 
Joseph P. Jordan , 52 years old , becomes president , chief executive officer and a director of the bank company . 
The filing in bankruptcy court here follows a string of quarterly losses and product glitches for the maker of harddisk drives for minicomputers and microcomputers . 
We now need support from the Democrats on the Rules Committee in order to include earnings-limit reform in the Reconciliation Bill . 
`` Irish and Soviet people are similar , '' says Mr. Ovcharenko . 
Analysts agree there is little holding sterling firm at the moment other than Mr. Lawson 's promise that rates will be pushed higher if necessary . 
Most of trading action now is from professional traders who are trying to take advantage of the price swings to turn a quick profit , he and other traders said . 
Manville advanced 3\/4 to 10 . 
The Japanese also are accused of keeping their cards too close to their vests . 
Credit market analysts expected the Treasury to cancel today 's three-month and six-month sale and to sell $ 17 billion of cash management bills . 
`` It 's so weird to have to decide what 's really important to you , '' said Barbara May . 
The company did n't provide an explanation for the softer pretax profit performance and officials could n't be reached for comment . 
June 1 , 1987 : 
ABC had based its budget for baseball on a six-game Series . 
He said the company expects to be `` on target '' with analysts ' projections by year end but conceded that the fourth quarter represents `` a significant challenge . '' 
But wealthy individuals also have been jumping in , and lately brokers have been pushing smaller investors into the asset-backed market . 
For Contel 's part , the company a month ago informed each of its money managers that it would drop them if they give business to program-trading firms . 
In the nine months , net fell 3 % to $ 106 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 110 million , or $ 1.05 a share . 
While people were jingling their change , the LDP politicians were caught in scandals . 
Several medical concerns , including Pfizer Inc. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , Colgate and Abbott Laboratories intend to pursue a similar consortium approach . 
The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company and somebody says , `` Aw heck , guys , nobody can do it like Japan or South Korea , '' I wish you would butt in and say , `` Hold it , fellas , why do n't we compare prices and use our own little Third World country . 
Largely to meet tougher new capital requirements , thrifts reduced their assets $ 13.4 billion in August , by selling such assets as mortgage-backed securities and loans . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.72 , unchanged ; spot index 129.97 , off 0.19 . 
Kidder has generally been sensitive to suggestions that GE makes decisions for its Kidder unit . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.60 % one month ; 8.60 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
The lawsuit states that unless the sanctions are halted pending an appeal , the broker and his firm `` will be irreparably injured and their business will be totally and permanently destroyed . '' 
Dow 's third-quarter net fell to $ 589 million , or $ 3.29 a share , from $ 632 million , or $ 3.36 a share , a year ago . 
Although Mr. Wolf and John Pope , UAL 's chief financial officer , stood to pocket $ 114.3 million for stock and options in the buy-out , UAL executives planned to reinvest only $ 15 million in the new company . 
Investors will develop `` thicker skins , '' and their confidence will return , he says . 
The issues are too important to be left to the financial and budget ministries fighting over the size of the capital increase , rather than its purpose . 
The commercial was absolutely silent . 
Use of dispersants was approved when a test on the third day showed some positive results , officials said . 
Stocks are much riskier than Treasury bills , for example , because the range in performance from the best years to the worst is much wider . 
In a telephone interview Friday , Dr. Toseland said the number of sudden , unexplained deaths of diabetics he had seen this year was 17 compared with just two in 1985 . 
Mr. Bush has long campaigned for passage of a bill or a constitutional amendment that would explicitly give him a line-item veto , which would enable him to kill individual items in a big spending bill without having to kill the entire bill . 
And another thing -- real Texans drink Lipton iced tea . '' 
But Mr. Brady endorsed the market-revision bill that both houses of Congress will try to push through this session . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
And they will even serve it themselves . 
The offering is Fannie Mae 's Series 1989-88 . 
It continues to gain strength in the chamber but remains far short of the two-thirds majority required to prevail over Mr. Bush . 
The Big Board reported that short interest dropped to 523,920,214 shares as of Oct. 13 from 547,347,585 shares in mid-September . 
The Catastrophic Coverage Act would add a stop-loss provision next year to limit the maximum beneficiaries must pay for doctors . 
But since returning to advertising , Maxwell House has regained the lost share and is running neck and neck with archrival Folgers . 
Having said that , we must caution against an apparent tendency to overstate the case . 
The issue is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securitiess . 
Over the long run , however , sleazy cases will make bad law . 
Federal Express officials acknowledge mistakes in their drive overseas but say it will pay off eventually . 
`` Back in 1964 , the FBI had five black agents . 
The move comes a week after Paribas announced that it was preparing to bid for 66.7 % control of Navigation Mixte . 
Geoffrey Goodfellow , who dropped out of high school back in the 1970s to manage a computer network at a California research firm , says : `` Old network hands have started to turn off the network because they do n't have time to wade through the muck . '' 
But Lincoln Center President Nathan Leventhal , who would head a Dinkins transition team , is more mainstream , as is real-estate executive Anthony Gliedman , another insider . 
Like Foothills , TransCanada 's Polar Gas consortium plans to build a pipeline directly south from the Mackenzie River delta in Canada 's western Arctic with an initial capacity to transport 1.2 billion cubic feet of gas daily . 
For the nine months , net income rose 19 % to $ 449 million , or $ 2.40 a share , from $ 375.9 million , or $ 2.01 a share , a year earlier . 
At the time the plan was announced , there were 135 lawyers . 
`` The volume we received from the banks was a lot lower than usual , '' he says . 
But the machinists union , whose opposition helped scuttle the first buy-out bid , is likely to favor a recapitalization with a friendly third-party investor . 
When GE finally disclosed the problems , prosecutors contend that Mr. Orr `` was erroneously informed that the { suspected } practices had only just been discovered '' by GE management . 
The hottest displays were items that insulate passengers from bumps , potholes and other rigors of the road . 
`` If you are born to give parties , you give parties . 
Among previously disclosed possible bidders is Bloomingdale 's Chairman Marvin Traub , who has aligned himself with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and Blackstone Group . 
California officials plan to ask Congress for $ 3 billion or more of federal aid , in the form of grants and low-interest loans . 
Others say they feel confident that steps they 've already taken would see them through a disaster . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
The ratio is the number of trading days , at the exchange 's average trading volume , that would be required to convert the total short interest position . 
IBM , based in Armonk , N.Y. , has dominated the market for decades . 
And the stock market 's recent gyrations are a painful reminder of the dangers there . 
Finnair , Finland 's state-owned airline , joined the wave of global airline alliances and signed a wide-ranging cooperation agreement with archrival Scandinavian Airlines System . 
Bond Corp. , British Satellite 's biggest investor , would like to withdraw from the satellite-TV consortium , and analysts have speculated Hollywood studios might buy the Bond stake . 
As Georgia-Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise . 
Last month , Mercedes-Benz executives approached state revenue officials complaining about bad press , the commissioner said . 
Justin Feldman and Jack Arseneault , attorneys for Mr. Antar , both declined to comment on the matter . 
Treasury bonds got off to a strong start , advancing modestly during overnight trading on foreign markets . 
Seeking to overcome the currency problems , Mr. Giffen 's American Trade Consortium , which comprises Chevron Corp. , RJR , Johnson & Johnson , Eastman Kodak Co. , and Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. , has concocted an elaborate scheme to share out dollar earnings , largely from the revenues of a planned Chevron oil project . 
Mr. Friend says his side is `` dead serious . '' 
But what we may not know is just what makes somebody a sucker . 
Executions , regardless of how frequently they occur , are also `` proper retribution '' for heinous crimes , Mr. Hatch argues . 
`` It 's certainly discrimination , '' says attorney Evan Wolfson , whose group forced Trans World Airlines this year to change a rule that allowed travelers to transfer frequent flier awards only to family members . 
The sun is hot now though it 's only 8 in the morning . 
A 10 % gain in operating profit in the quarter was offset by a 21 % boost in interest expense , reflecting higher consolidated borrowings and interest rates . 
Then a political novice , she stepped into a whirl of `` pro-choice '' marches , house parties and fund-raisers . 
For Ms. Johnson , dealing with the earthquake has been more than just a work experience . 
As many of these jobs are filled by local residents , who move from the welfare rolls to the tax rolls , the $ 2,500-per-job public investment should repay itself in a few years . 
Net income fell 8.6 % to $ 37.1 million , or $ 1.43 a share , from $ 40.6 million , or $ 1.56 a share . 
Now , the 55-year-old car shopper is zeroing in on a full-sized van , figuring that it 's just the thing to haul nine grandchildren and pull a boat at the same time . 
The offering was for about 2.8 million shares of the data storage equipment maker ; more than 2.2 million shares changed hands after trading began . 
The maker of telecommunications management systems had 6,420,268 shares outstanding as of Sept. 30 . 
They 've now adapted the yeast to making genetically engineered drugs . 
His doubts stemmed from the fact that several years earlier a Princeton University researcher , Arnold Levine , had found in experiments with mice that a gene called p53 could transform normal cells into cancerous ones . 
It means it is virtually impossible to fire or even transfer incompetent principals . 
He tapped Jimmy Johnson , a teammate on the 1964 University of Arkansas squad and the head coach at the University of Miami , where he led the Hurricanes to five winning seasons and a national championship in 1987 . 
`` But she was always encouraging . 
Nissan is the world 's only auto maker currently building vehicles in all three of the world 's key economic arenas -- the U.S. , Japan and Europe . 
What next for the crusty FBI agent with the heart of gold ? 
Mr. Pedroli notes that the GNP deflator , a measure of inflation , is expected to slow , which would give the Federal Reserve more room to ease key U.S. rates . 
Reflecting the new-found interest , more than 140 U.S. companies are taking part in a Moscow exhibition organized by Mr. Forrester 's trade group . 
The company offered securities backed by automobile loans through an underwriting group headed by First Boston Corp . 
`` They may be susceptible to some song and dance if it hits them at the right time . '' 
Revenue was about $ 4.5 million . 
Our view is that we may see a profit decline . '' 
July 18 , 1989 : 
`` Retailers who had good track records of producing profits will have a better chance to buy back their companies . '' 
Azem Vlasi and 14 others are accused of inciting riots and strikes and opposing constitutional limits to Kosovo 's autonomy . 
Additionally , the full-year profit last year reflected an after-tax restructuring charge of $ 22.8 million , or $ 1.04 a share . 
In the engine department , several companies displayed experimental models that within a decade could provide power equal to today 's engines and yet take up only half the space , allowing for shorter hoods . 
Among the possibilities the Treasury is considering are requirements that banks keep records identifying the originators and recipients of international wire transfers . 
Last Thursday , Merrill Lynch securities analyst Peter Falco downgraded his investment rating on the firm , according to Dow Jones Professional Investors Report , citing a slowdown in the credit-reporting business . 
One is that there are not enough police to satisfy small businesses . 
International competition for the few Soviet goods that can be sold on world markets is heating up , however . 
Two election commission members opposed the matching plans . 
A decision on that case is n't expected before mid-November . 
One day after Delmed Inc. made top management changes and disclosed the end of an important business tie , its stock did n't trade and the company forecast a `` significant '' drop next year in sales of its core product . 
Soo Line said its board appointed a special committee of independent directors to study the proposal . 
The Indian stock markets have been on a five-year high , with dips and corrections , since Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi started liberalizing industry . 
`` Before futures , '' says New York investor Michael Harkins , `` you actually had to pay attention to whether the thing you were buying had any intrinsic value . '' 
A similar situation apparently exists in the Ivory Coast with no figures released yet this year , compared with 55,000 tons as of this time a year ago . 
When Mr. Fazio offered the California-backed $ 3.84 billion plan , Mr. Whitten insisted that the full 14 pages be read aloud by the panel 's clerk to underscore the range of legislative changes also sought by the delegation . 
`` We just have n't learned what it takes to compete . 
Other lenders have been recovering only 50 cents to 60 cents on the dollar on foreclosed Arizona property , if they can sell it at all . 
Meanwhile , competitors are being spawned almost daily ; some 300 new businesses -- many just one-person shops -- have sprung up . 
Among the major banks surveyed by Banxquote in six regions of the country , 8.33 % is the highest yield available . 
The stock market reacted as Mr. Rahn did , crumbling as it absorbed the news that Mr. Darman 's strategy had been abandoned . 
The NIH is asking grant recipients and others for comments on the proposed guidelines until Dec. 15 . 
RJR Nabisco Inc. said it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle S.A. 's Nestle Foods unit for $ 370 million . 
As a result , the group 's third-quarter loss widened to $ 9.8 million from the second quarter 's $ 3.6 million . 
Delta problems are difficult , not impossible , to solve -- I am just not convinced that we are ready to solve them yet . 
Early last year , after a 140-point , one-day drop in the Dow , the Big Board instituted the collar , which banned program trading through the Big Board 's computers whenever the Dow moved 50 points up or down in a day . 
As stocks and stock-index futures fell , a trading limit was hit in the S&P 500 stock futures pit . 
Chrysler officials said the plant is scheduled to resume production on Nov. 20. , and 3,300 hourly workers will be affected . 
That tariff is too stiff for some Financial District wage earners . 
Shrinking profit margins in chemical and refining and marketing sectors accounted for most of the decline , said Chairman C.J. Silas in a statement . 
While Mideast crude imports were higher compared with year-earlier levels , they fell 18 % compared with August imports . 
`` We are being over-magazined . 
Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank & Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland , the bank said . 
In the Manager 's Journal , Atsushi Kageyama , in commenting on many differences between American and Japanese culture , said , `` Japanese children are raised in a way many Americans would find severe . 
Then , as an additional precaution , the car dealership took the judge 's photograph as he stood next to his new car with sales papers in hand -- proof that he had received the loan documents . 
Texaco has also been attempting to sell oil properties . 
Last April , the new defense secretary , Richard Cheney , acknowledged that , `` given an ideal world , we 'd have a nice , neat , orderly process . 
Although Larsen & Toubro had n't raised money from the public in 38 years , its new owners frequently raise funds on the local market . 
Since the `` yield '' from this top slice of applicants is relatively low , boosting admits from 40 % to 50 % will boost registrants from about 31 % to 38 % of the class . 
Airline Economics Inc. , an aviation consulting firm , is projecting an industrywide operating profit of $ 2.5 billion for 1989 , compared with earlier forecasts of $ 3 billion to $ 3.5 billion . 
Even at such rates , black marketeers have been able to make big profits because of the dire shortage of consumer goods here . 
But that has been the key to Compaq 's success , he adds , whereas Dell carved out its market niche as a direct seller of low-cost but reliable computers -- and it might be too late in the game for a shift in strategy . 
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent . 
He was chairman and co-chief executive officer of Ladenburg , Thalmann & Co. until July , when he was named co-chairman of the investment-banking firm along with Howard L. Blum Jr. , who then became the sole chief executive . 
Maureen Fraser , an economist with W.I. Carr , a subsidiary of France 's Banque Indosuez , believes that the territory may not be able to regain its momentum until some time after 1997 . 
Of all the major steelmakers , Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown . 
The British Petroleum Co. PLC said its BP Exploration unit has produced the first oil from its Don oilfield in the North Sea . 
Leftist leader Cuauhtemoc Cardenas publicly questioned Mr. Guzman Cabrera 's `` moral quality , '' suggesting he is part of a conspiracy to turn over the country 's oil , a symbol of Mexican nationalism , to foreigners . 
In another sign of slowdown fears , investors dumped technology shares . 
Macmillan has owned Berlitz since 1966 . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Dell closed yesterday at $ 6 a share , down 87.5 cents . 
Traders said these issues need large-volume buying to push up their prices , so substantial gains are n't likely unless institutional investors participate . 
But July 5 , a thunderstorm in Wilmington , Del. , caused Shellpot Creek to rise 15 feet , pouring 1.3 million gallons of water into basement vaults . 
If all the debt was converted , about 13 million new shares would be issued . 
GAP Inc. , San Bruno , clothing retailer , annual sales of $ 1.25 billion , NYSE , expects most of its stores to return to full operation and all 2,500 of its Bay-area workers to be back at work by today . 
One of its `` more ambitious goals '' is to get Jaime Escalante , the Los Angeles high-school mathematics teacher featured in the film `` Stand and Deliver , '' to come to Harvard for a guest lecture . 
The government ran a deficit of $ 6.16 billion in September , compared with a surplus of $ 10.17 billion in September 1988 . 
DFC asked the central bank to appoint managers after it revised loan-loss provisions to around the same level of shareholders ' funds of 180 million New Zealand dollars ( US$ 105.4 million ) . 
Anheuser-Busch plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a price war as the beer industry 's growth slows . 
( Trouble is , Mr. Bond has yet to pay up , and until he does , Sotheby 's has the painting under lock and key . ) 
Most of the cases have been in California , where one agent was stabbed and another was shot and killed . 
Revenue was about flat at $ 2.4 billion . 
Working Woman and Working Mother have operated as part of Working Woman\/McCall 's Group , a less-than-successful joint venture between Mr. Lang and Time Warner Inc . 
The combination of lower rates and fewer loopholes has meant that the so-called average effective tax rate -- the rate actually paid -- of the 250 corporations surveyed reached 26.5 % in 1988 , compared with 14.3 % in the years from 1981 through 1985 , according to the study . 
The August figure reflected a 6.4 % rise in imports and a 0.2 % drop in exports . 
It could lose some of its dynamism , '' says Mr. Mushkat , a director of Baring Securities ( Hong Kong ) Ltd. , a unit of Britain 's Barings PLC . `` 
They say insurance companies use policies aimed at excluding bad risks because their competitors do . 
And avoiding such losses will take a monumental effort . 
We know Verdi 's own contribution was mighty impressive since the operatic `` Libera me '' was reworked for the Manzoni Requiem , of which he wrote every note himself having learned his lesson . 
Thousands of us had paid $ 5 for the official souvenir book with its historical essays on Series trivia , its historical photographs of great moments in Series past , and its instructions , in English and Spanish , for filling in the scorecard . 
Robert Kornreich , an attorney for the Telerate holders , told Judge Hartnett the Dow Jones offer is `` arrogant '' and `` hostile . '' 
The opening credits are being redone , Mr. Nelson said , `` to make Teddy 's situation clear to viewers who have not been with us since the beginning . 
MARK RESOURCES INC. , Calgary , Alberta , said it agreed to sell 75 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 63.9 million ) of 8 % convertible debentures to a group of securities dealers . 
Japanese domestic motor-vehicle sales rose 12 % in September , the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said earlier this month . 
AMR Corp. posted an 8.8 % drop in third-quarter net income and said the fourth quarter will be `` disappointing '' as well , primarily because of slimmer profit margins and increased fuel costs . 
Then , after extending its offer four times waiting for a congressional tax ruling , IMA early this month lowered its offer to $ 26.50 a share amid turbulence in the junk bond market . 
`` But new managers will have to be creators and innovators ... and for that purpose it is necessary to create an environment where information from both inside and outside the company can be reached easily , and also shared . '' 
f - Includes Chevrolet Prizm and Toyota Corolla . 
Says Allen D. Wheat , head of trading at Bankers Trust Co. : `` People are just plain scared . '' 
`` It may depend on whether there was an express or implied promise ... that the federal officials would not negligently cause the deterioration '' of Independent American , the court wrote . 
The total relationship , as Mr. Lee sees it , is `` the flow of dollars to the U.S. to fund the deficits , the investments the Japanese are making in the U.S. in order to satisfy American demand that American products consumed in America should be made as much as possible in America by Americans with Japanese technology and capital . '' 
At Canon Inc. , for example , sales are up nearly 20 % this year ; so , the maker of cameras and computer printers is doing what any Japanese company would do under the circumstances : It is increasing capital spending -- by 60 % . 
`` We saw good retail demand by small banks , individuals and institutions and that is one reason why the market advanced '' late in the day , said Sung Won Sohn , senior vice president and chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis . 
Under the plan , NRM said holders of its common units will receive one share of new common stock in Edisto Resources Corp. for every 14.97 common units owned . 
Even if the Congress ( I ) retains control of the government , Mr. Gandhi 's ability to push through major initiatives might be hobbled by a thinner majority . 
In fact , the entire population of the Bay Area had ended up with this dual role of actor and audience . 
Such high-yield debt is similar to a zero-coupon bond in that it is sold at a discount to face value , with interest accruing instead of being paid to the holder . 
`` It 's a sensational piece about someone who is not here to defend himself . '' 
The judge was considered imperious , abrasive and ambitious , those who practiced before him say . 
Mr. Bush said the group is to `` focus on economic sectors where U.S. expertise and cooperation can indeed make a difference . '' 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
Citicorp issued $ 200 million of seven-year notes priced to yield 8.82 % , and Xerox priced $ 150 million of six-year notes to yield 8.85 % . 
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged . 
Net premiums written through Sept. 30 fell 5 % to $ 2.1 billion from $ 2.2 billion a year ago , because of the writing of fewer policies at flat prices , the company said . 
But some analysts wonder how strong the recovery will be . 
As you can guess , the Blandings want to deduct home-mortgage interest on the $ 200,000 loan . 
`` But people do n't buy anything on expectation anymore , '' says Jack Utter , who manages the high-yield fund of IDS Financial Services . 
The joint venture , Uno-Ven Co. , would generate total annual revenue of about $ 500 million and have 1,100 employees , a Unocal spokesman said . 
Mr. Bush had threatened a veto previously . 
No safety problems with the products are known , the FDA said . 
Mr. Grobstein had been a vice chairman of Ernst & Whinney , an accounting firm that merged with rival Arthur Young in July to form Ernst & Young , a major accounting , tax and management consulting firm . 
None of the firms reported any major damage to facilities as a result of the quake . 
One of its wells , in southwestern Oklahoma , is a `` rank wildcat , '' a risky well where oil previously has n't been found . 
After a stronger-than-expected pace early this year , analysts say the market , after a series of sharp swings in recent months , now shows signs of retreating . 
`` Aerospace orders are very good , '' Mr. Cole says . 
Taiwan 's USI Far East Corp. , a petrochemical company , initialed the agreement with an unidentified Japanese contractor to build a naphtha cracker , according to Alson Lee , who heads the Philippine company set up to build and operate the complex . 
But the advance faltered as index-options traders and investors jittery about the U.K. economic outlook took over . 
And it 's way above the ratio ( 7.5 times cash flow ) that bigger companies are selling for . 
Mr. Bakker said he was guilty of sin but not fraud . 
The exchange should take a pro-active position . '' 
Then it turned up , and by one estimate the number will be up to about 109,000 regulators by next year . 
The offering includes a new issue of $ 53 million of Tampa , Fla. , Series 1989 revenue bonds for St. Joseph 's Hospital Inc. , due 1996-2000 , 2005 and 2023 . 
National Intergroup stock closed at $ 15 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
The disk drives will doubtless sell well when they finally become available . 
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract-drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future . 
Now that is about to change , as Texas Instruments begins marketing two 14-pound laptop PCs with 20 megabyte and 40 megabyte hard drives . 
Wary investors have been running for the stock market 's equivalent of bomb shelters , buying shares of gold-mining and utility companies . 
In Poland 's rapid shift from socialism to an undefined alternative , environmental issues have become a cutting edge of broader movements to restructure the economy , cut cumbersome bureaucracies , and democratize local politics . 
Was there a fiduciary breach in order to obtain personal gain ? 
Officials of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency said they have punished only a few banks for violations of anti-discrimination laws . 
His hand on the monetary tiller seems one reason why the economy next month seems highly likely to begin an unprecedented eighth year of peacetime growth without a recession . 
Some writers in theoretical journals even raised the notion of introducing democracy , at least in the workplace . 
Japanese concerns have retained a number of publishing consultants and media brokers to study the U.S. market , including the New York-based investment banker Veronis , Suhler & Associates . 
As part of an agreement that settled charges brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission , a receiver was also appointed for the three venture-capital firms . 
A good place to start the rehabilitation is a `` legislative line-item veto '' bill now being offered by Indiana Senator Dan Coats . 
Perhaps Mr. Greve was confused by Congress 's meaningless statement of `` the national goal '' in section 101 , which indeed calls for the elimination of discharges -- by 1985 , no less . 
New Jersey 's Paper Mill Playhouse produced this faithful revival of America 's most influential musical , written by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein and first produced on Broadway in 1927 . 
The dispute over that issue , according to one U.S. official , is a `` potential treaty stopper , '' and only President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev may be able to resolve it . 
Moreover , in the relatively unregulated Indian stock markets , investors frequently do n't know what they are getting when they subscribe to an issue . 
Investors were willing to gamble on new technologies because `` we had exclusive rights to those technologies , '' he adds . 
Critics of the present arrangement are correct to say that it is undemocratic . 
The insurers ' relative resilience gave the market time to reappraise the impact of the California disaster on U.K. equities , dealers said . 
The closing will affect about 3,000 workers and eliminate production of 700 cars . 
The drug , discovered in 1984 , is metabolized from soil fungus found in Japan . 
Among other reasons , high fees regulators imposed on certain transfers of thrift deposits to commercial banks `` substantially altered the economics of the transaction for both parties , '' Poughkeepsie said . 
Be the Star 
Eavesdropping -- both corporate and private -- is on the rise , thanks to the proliferation of surveillance technologies . 
In preparation for the withdrawal , Moscow , Kabul and New Delhi signed two agreements for several hundred newly civilian Indian experts to replace some of the more visible Soviet military personnel . 
Earlier this month , Qintex Australia 's $ 1.5 billion agreement to acquire MGM\/UA Communications Co. collapsed because of a dispute over a $ 50 million letter of credit the Australian operator of television stations and resorts was to have supplied as security in the transaction . 
The market 's Friday-the-13th plunge of 190 points in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , and the Big Board 's understated response to it , galvanized some longstanding dissatisfaction among companies listed on the exchange . 
That gain probably translated into about 5 % to 7 % in dollar terms , well below recent quarters ' gains of above 20 % , reckons Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds . 
Separately , the board expanded to six members with the election of David L. Holewinski , a consultant . 
The second time he identified two robbers , who were arrested and charged . 
But we 're ... going to be in the exact same situation next year . '' 
Nothing much has changed -- My periodic scares Are still from hostile animals , Only now , they 're bulls and bears . 
DGAULT : 
`` That means we can accept orders '' and begin getting back to normal , says Ms. Tharp . 
Officials at Options Clearing Corp. , which processes all options trades for U.S. exchanges , said that the $ 50 million guarantee was unprecedented , but was necessary to help insure the integrity of the options markets . 
September 's growth followed a 8.7 % rise in July and an 8 % increase in August , showing continued expansion at high year-on-year levels . 
While Compaq sells its machines to businesses through computer retailers , Texas Instruments will be selling most of its machines to the industrial market and to value-added resellers and original-equipment manufacturers . 
Revenue from tourism this year is projected to total $ 1.3 billion , down from $ 2.2 billion last year . 
Later in the day , according to the source , the board reversed itself , decided to file for bankruptcy protection , and asked Mr. Evans to stay on . 
-- Graduate-student football player . 
Its securities have been dubbed `` bailout bonds '' by traders . 
Since the late 1970s , California property owners have benefited from a tax rollback as a result of a state ballot initiative known as Proposition 13 . 
Mead gained 1 to 37 7\/8 . 
And they did try . 
But they do show the range of a restless intellect whose 30-odd novels span five decades and include work of social realism , protest and allegory . 
They make the argument in letters to the agency about rule changes proposed this past summer that , among other things , would exempt many middle-management executives from reporting trades in their own companies ' shares . 
In its latest annual report , Lilly said Humulin sales have shown `` excellent growth . '' 
The Delaware Supreme Court affirmed a ruling that barred Chris-Craft Industries from voting its Warner preferred stock as a separate class in deciding on the companies ' proposed merger . 
Prices closed lower in Sydney , Singapore and Wellington , were mixed in Hong Kong and higher in Taipei , Manila , Paris , Brussels and Seoul . 
And then there 's always State U . 
Some money managers are pursuing growth stocks at the expense of those that rise and fall along with the economic cycle . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
The weaker he gets , the more he turns toward the U.S. for help . 
Not likely , I think . 
The first time he was shot in the hand as he chased the robbers outside . 
Intervention , he added , is useful only to smooth disorderly markets , not to fundamentally influence the dollar 's value . 
After the earnings were announced , he raised his fiscal 1990 estimate to between $ 3.80 and $ 4 a share . 
When most spectators thought its position hopeless , the computer thought it was only , in effect , one-half of a pawn down . 
PepsiCo Inc. 's chairman said he is `` more than comfortable with '' analysts ' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to at least 98 cents to $ 1 a share from 91 cents the year earlier . 
David Batchelder , a mergers adviser in La Jolla , Calif. , who aided Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis on the bids which put both UAL and NWA in play as takeover candidates this year , says that banks have been `` preparing to play a larger and larger role in acquisition financing . '' 
`` Estimates are based on the previous price of similar works sold at auction and current market conditions , and are not affected by any knowledge of who the potential buyer could be . '' 
Manville said the shares issued to the trust were intended to be sold , as needed , and that Manville has the right of first refusal to buy those shares . 
Strategies vary for Westridge Capital , which has $ 300 million under management . 
Mr. Icahn has long believed , associates say , that the company , whose 1988 sales totaled $ 16.88 billion , is worth $ 70 a share if broken up . 
Mr. Goldberg , who took over as head of the IRS in July , has been disturbed by what he considers the inefficiency , waste and lack of coordination among the branches of the vast federal agency . 
The consumer brands unit was absorbed by the photographic , pharmaceutical and chemical concern last year when it acquired Sterling Drug Inc . 
The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . 
Washington , D.C. -- 
The products are so-called analog integrated circuits that have applications in the consumer electronics , automobile and electronic instrumentation markets . 
And as of midyear , settled but unpaid claims amounted to $ 136 million -- more than half the trust 's total of $ 268 million in cash and marketable securities . 
As a result , both may now have virtual veto power over any UAL transaction . 
Unlike those awful Republican consultants , Members do n't profit directly from HUD projects . 
After losing by fewer than 1,800 votes in the 1981 governor 's race , he has prepared himself methodically for this moment , including deciding in recent years he could no longer support curbs on federal funding for Medicaid abortions . 
`` It was an absolutely marvelous line and one I used many times , '' he says . 
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit-reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law . 
U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % , led by allergy , asthma and cold products ; dermatological products ; anti-infectives and anti-cancer products ; and cardiovascular products . 
The Belgian consumer price index rose a provisional 0.1 % in October from the previous month and was up 3.64 % from October 1988 , the Ministry of Economic Affairs said . 
The rule goes back at least as far as a 1930 Supreme Court decision , Robert Willens of Shearson Lehman Hutton says . 
A year ago , Silicon Graphics introduced a model priced at $ 15,000 -- almost as cheap as mainstream workstations that do n't offer special graphics features . 
But the effort is also being made to try and cause jurors not to decide things rationally . 
Separately , attorneys for the 42 or so limited partners have had serious discussions that could lead to the distribution of the partnership 's assets . 
But it is high enough to prod the search for future supplies , low enough to promote consumption and , most important , steady enough for both producers and users to believe in . 
Any settlement is also expected to exclude Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from any of the projects they were working on at Warner . 
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one-year extension . 
It is the line beyond which the press can report not only on the bankruptcy of factories but on the failures of even admirable leaders . 
Bloomingdale 's plans to sell a foot-tall chocolate model of the center during the holidays . 
Mr. Orr could n't be reached for comment yesterday . 
`` These guys wanted to do something to show how powerful they are . '' 
In another , she requisitioned topiary MX missile cones -- costing $ 10,000 each -- in heights up to 20 feet . 
The anti-takeover measure prevents any outside investor from buying more than 15 % of Jaguar shares without permission until Dec. 31 , 1990 . 
`` The market was pretty dull '' for most of the day , said Robert H. Chandross , vice president at Lloyds Bank PLC . 
Twenty years later , two California academics , Stanley Cohen and Herbert Boyer , made `` recombinant '' DNA , transplanting a toad 's gene into bacteria , which then reproduced toad genes . 
But Philip Morris has scaled back ad spending on the brand over the past year , industry executives said , and it now bills about $ 30 million to $ 40 million . 
Because of the glitch , however , the company said it does n't know when its machine will be commercially available . 
Aeroflot 's international fleet of 285 planes is being repainted and refurbished at Shannon Airport . 
Unlike Mr. Honecker , who tended to lecture people about socialist values , Mr. Krenz enjoys asking questions . 
He 's totally geared to a punitive position . '' 
Mr. Ahmad 's lawyer said he would appeal . 
But wait a second . 
They are worth more because they pay higher interest than newly issued bonds do . 
In Chicago yesterday , Options Clearing confirmed that it guarantees the Pacific exchange options . 
Revenue rose only 3.3 % in the latest period , to $ 1.53 billion from $ 1.48 billion . 
Much of Washington thought it detected George Bush in a characteristic waffle on abortion the past week . 
The drop in earnings did n't surprise analysts who said the Pittsburgh glass , coatings and chemical concern had been predicting a slow quarter because of the sluggish construction industry , a major market for the company 's flat glass . 
Mr. Gaubert 's lawyer , Abbe David Lowell of Washington , D.C. , says the impact of the ruling on other cases involving thrift takeovers will depend on the degree of similarity in the facts . 
Even if borrowing resumes , commercial bankers are n't expected to lend as much as before . 
And Dewar 's gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to people who sent in bottle labels . 
Fireman 's Fund property-liability subsidiaries reported a 120.7 % combined underwriting ratio for the nine months , up from 108.4 % for the year-ago period . 
If he sponsored a contest on how a bureaucrat mishandled something , Mr. Lesko admits , `` I 'd get 5,000 entries . '' 
One of the most remarkable features of the forced marches of the ethnic Turks out of Bulgaria over the past five months has been the lack of international attention . 
Since Tuesday , the shares have gained nearly 4 % . 
In addition to the new mainframe hardware and software , IBM announced a magnetic-tape system for data storage that it said occupies half as much floor space as older systems but can store five times as much data on a single cartridge . 
Donald J. Amaral , 37 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of this owner and operator of hospitals , nursing centers and retirement hotels . 
Amerada Hess Corp. and Occidental Petroleum Corp. reported higher earnings . 
For Mr. Jones , it was just the beginning . 
The exchanges say liquidity becomes a severe problem for thinly traded contracts such as those with a long time remaining before expiration . 
But industry executives say businesses seem especially inclined to dump mailers sent to titles rather than to individual names . 
When Michael S. Perry took the podium at a recent cosmetics industry event , more than 500 executives packing the room snapped to attention . 
For the nine months , net increased 4.4 % to $ 2.08 billion , or $ 2.25 a share , from $ 2 billion , which included $ 273 million reflecting the effect of an accounting change . 
Probing more deeply into the doctrine of `` judicial restraint , '' he would have found a long history going back to the great decisions of Justice Holmes . 
It presents no great issue of legal principle , no overriding question of family law or the law of contempt . 
I have just returned from France , and the net exchange rate charged on my Visa account was more favorable than I obtained for traveler 's checks in any of the several banks where I converted them . 
In its annual economic report for 1989-1990 , the commission also projected 1990 gross domestic product growth for the 12 EC members at 3 % . 
Generally , it takes five business days to transfer stock and to take the other steps necessary to settle a trade . 
Crude oil prices ended mixed . 
Last month , the carrier said it wanted to lease crews and planes from British Airways so it could funnel its passengers from London to other European destinations . 
Nine-month per-share figures for 1989 reflect $ 12.9 million in preferred dividends that had no counterpart in the year-earlier quarter . 
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus . 
Jay Freedman , analyst with Kidder , Peabody & Co. , said P&G 's Always sanitary napkin , sold under the Whisper name in Japan , has firmly established itself as a leading brand . 
So far there is little to show for such efforts . 
In an Oct. 19 review of `` The Misanthrope '' at Chicago 's Goodman Theatre ( `` Revitalized Classics Take the Stage in Windy City , '' Leisure & Arts ) , the role of Celimene , played by Kim Cattrall , was mistakenly attributed to Christina Haag . 
The S&L bailout could cost $ 300 billion , computing interest on the government 's loans . 
GM has scheduled overtime at its Lordstown , Ohio , and Janesville , Wis. , assembly plants , which build the Chevrolet Cavalier . 
`` If that does n't happen , then we press forward on another vehicle and a separate vote , '' said press secretary Marlin Fitzwater . 
Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys asked federal Judge John F. Keenan to give them access to all U.S. documents about her alleged abduction . 
But details on chips must now be extraordinarily fine , and the wavelengths of even ultraviolet light are long enough so that the images they draw may be too blurry -- much as someone using a wide paintbrush could produce a broad line but would have trouble painting a thin one . 
Sales rose 9 % to $ 921.6 million from $ 845.7 million , with sales of the company 's international\/diversified operations `` well above '' the year earlier-period . 
And neither can your pilot . 
On top of that , Boeing would make cost-of-living adjustments projected to be 5 % for each year of the contract . 
American Medical accepted the offer , meanwhile indicating it had heard from two other suitors . 
The new product has performed well in a market test in Las Vegas , Nev. , Mr. Calloway said . 
Since then , deliveries have slumped . 
`` We desperately wanted the contract because we want experience in the field , '' the Fujitsu spokeswoman said . 
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake . 
In theory , the value attached to a firm by the market and the cost of replacing its assets should be the same . 
Yet when my youngest child died two years ago , I buried him in the church cemetery of a small Missouri town . 
`` I guess we 'll reluctantly go ahead and do it , vote for Dinkins , '' says Richard Wade , a politically active professor who supported Richard Ravitch , an also-ran in the Democratic primary . 
It 's one more for the baseball-loving lawyers , accountants and real estate developers who ponied up about $ 1 million each for the chance to be an owner , to step into the shoes of a Gene Autry or have a beer with Rollie Fingers . 
The troubled Minneapolis-based railroad concern said the committee has the authority to hire financial and legal advisers to assist it . 
This gene , called `` gametocide , '' is carried into the plant by a virus that remains active for a few days . 
To switch to another vendor 's chips , `` would definitely not be an option , '' he said . 
With the exception of van conversions , the industry has seen a decline from 1988 's robust sales . 
Chemical Securities Inc. is acting as agent for the seller . 
Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons initially reported indirect evidence of neutrons being produced in their experiment but later conceded the measurements were questionable . 
Hand-holding is becoming an investment-banking job requirement . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
`` Warehouse productivity is really beginning to take off . '' 
\* Principal amount 
That money also would have to be borrowed . 
Traders who sell short borrow stock and sell it , betting that the stock 's price will decline and that they can buy the shares back later at a lower price for return to the lender . 
Still , the book produces more smoke than a smoldering sofa , along with a few flames , especially concerning the use of steroids . 
The GAF trials were viewed as previews of the government 's strength in its cases against Mr. Lewis and Mr. Bilzerian . 
For all of 1988 , Dumez had group profit of 452 million francs after payment to minority interests . 
Thrifts continued to shed assets in August , mainly to comply with stiffer capital rules under the S&L bailout law . 
Some U.S. allies are complaining that President Bush is pushing conventional-arms talks too quickly , creating a risk that negotiators will make errors that could affect the security of Western Europe for years . 
With its ability to pick up rustlings and flapping wings , `` it was meant to be a toy for children for bird watching , '' says Mr. Appel . 
Leslie Falls Humphries 
`` It 's not a crop that ca n't be doubled or tripled , '' says Mr. Krishnamurthy . 
New York-based John Kuhns and Robert MacDonald control East Rock Partners Inc. , the sole general partner of East Rock Partners L.P . 
Liberty National Bancorp said its acquisition of Florence Deposit Bank , Florence , Ky. , first announced in April , has been completed in a transaction valued at $ 13.1 million . 
Fees 2 . 
It 's tempting to think these defensive steps can be delayed until a recession is clearly at hand . 
`` People in this business have been insulated , '' says Josh Pons , a horse breeder from Bel Air , Md . 
Despite the yen 's weakness with respect to the mark , Tokyo traders say they do n't expect the Bank of Japan to take any action to support the Japanese currency on that front . 
Mr. Hastings faced the senators and sat impassively during the first two roll-call votes , then quickly left the chamber . 
He said that his resignation was a mutual decision with Capital Holding management , but that he was n't actually asked to resign . 
`` I will sit down and talk some of the problems out , but take on the political system ? Uh-uh , '' he says with a shake of the head . 
Operating revenue rose 69 % to A$ 8.48 billion from A$ 5.01 billion . 
If it finds one and gets into the system , it will display a screen when a user logs on that says , `` Worms Against Nuclear Killers ... . 
`` I think there 's a disease called buyer 's regret , and I 'm sure it 's running rampant at this moment , but it gets cured in a short period of time , '' says Kenneth Leventhal , co-managing partner of Kenneth Leventhal & Co. , a Los Angeles accounting firm specializing in real estate . 
Separately , the company 's board adopted a proposal to amend its 1986 shareholder rights plan , further insulating the company from takeover . 
Pinnacle West Capital Corp. , which has been wrangling with regulators for months over what to do about Pinnacle 's moribund Merabank thrift unit , suspended its dividend and reported a 91 % plunge in third-quarter net income . 
But industry and OPEC officials agree that a handful of members still have enough unused capacity to glut the market and cause an oil-price collapse a few months from now if OPEC does n't soon adopt a new quota system to corral its chronic cheaters . 
The Diet plays a minor role compared with the powerful bureaucratic system . 
White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater said negotiations between Bush aides and lawmakers ended Monday without success . 
The new equipment , which will produce steel sheet with more uniform thickness and flatness , is likely to cost more than $ 20 million , the company said . 
Results for the 1988 quarter included a gain of $ 1.05 a share from sale of the Reda Pump and Oilwell Cable units , partly offset by a charge of 69 cents a share for recall of faulty truck steering systems . 
But at age 55 , `` they may be a great deal , '' says Mr. Wilson , the Columbia , S.C. , planner . 
I 'm not referring to the traditional champagne drenching during the back-on-terra-firma toast . 
The company estimates the offering price at between $ 14 and $ 16 a share . 
Yesterday , Compaq plunged further , closing at $ 100 a share , off $ 8.625 a share , on volume of 2,633,700 shares . 
`` Even though brand loyalty is rather strong for coffee , we need advertising to maintain and strengthen it . '' 
Last season , Hartford Stage director Mark Lamos mounted a production at Lincoln Center , and currently two other productions -- one just closed at the Old Globe in San Diego and another now at the Seattle Rep -- overlap with Mr. Boyd 's . 
Of course that was n't the actual conversation the late anti-war activist , protest leader and founder of the Yippies ever had with his brother . 
It 's nice ! 
Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. 's consolidated debt totals 6.9 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 5.32 billion ) , including A$ 1.6 billion of bonds convertible into shares . 
St. Louis-based Emerson and Stuttgart-based Bosch make electrical and electronic products , including power tools . 
It sees sales rising 45 % to 26,000 units next year . 
After placing orders to sell , Mr. Freeman called Martin Siegel , an investment banker at Kidder , Peabody & Co. , who was advising on the deal , to confirm these rumors . 
People like Pa do exist , of course . 
He noted , however , that the company 's order entry has increased from the low levels of the early summer , following the end of labor negotiations . 
And that means 42-year-old Michael Carpenter , president and chief executive since January , will for the first time take complete control of Kidder and try to make good on some grandiose plans . 
Home Nutritional currently has 10 million shares outstanding . 
But there was a dearth of sellers , traders said , so buyers had to bid prices up to entice them . 
Taken together , the worries prompted a broad sell-off of stocks . 
In addition to Carat , WCRS will hold onto its public relations , TV programming and other businesses . 
`` This is only a further step in a lengthy investigation . '' 
We need at least to consider and examine forms of controlled legalization of drugs . 
The combination of solid loan growth with tight expense control gave Wells Fargo a 1.25 % return on average assets for the quarter , about 40 % higher than Security Pacific 's and a profit ratio matched by only two or three other major banks in the U.S. . 
Daiwa said its pretax profits surged 9.6 % to 171.04 billion yen from 156.12 billion yen in the preceding six-month term . 
When asked for a copy of the transcript , Mr. Lang said Judge Thomas P. Griesa had instructed him not to release it or the memorandum . 
To promote this balance , OPEC now is finally confronting a long-simmering internal problem . 
( The average should drop over time , since the most expensive claims are being settled first ) . 
The higher the ratio of hits to total words , the higher the presumed value to the reader . 
Albert Lee , a veteran trader who specializes in machinery sales , estimates that as many as 70 % of projects that had obtained approval to proceed have been canceled in recent months . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , PPG closed at $ 41 a share , down 37.5 cents . 
The Agriculture Department also said that the number of fattened cattle slaughtered in the quarter dropped by 5 % from the 1988 quarter , which was in line with projections by analysts . 
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . '' 
Money helped , too . 
So it 's quite possible that the terrific play between the brothers is n't natural at all , that Jeff and Beau had to work like crazy to make their brotherly love -- and resentment and frustration and rage -- seem so very real . 
Dr. Yonehara and his partner , Nobuyuki Kobayashi of Yamaguchi University , said their experiments showed that the antibody wiped out an average of 60 % of AIDS-infected cells within three days . 
Both estimates would mark declines from the 1988 net of $ 5.81 billion , or $ 9.80 a share , which itself was well below the record IBM set in 1984 . 
Avoiding failure is easy . 
Also , investors quickly singled out stocks of companies expected to profit or suffer from the disaster . 
It should seek only to maintain the functioning of markets -- not to prop up the Dow Jones or New York Stock Exchange averages at a particular level . 
`` This may not make George Bush a one-term president , '' said the Oregon liberal , addressing the Republican side of the House . 
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital-punishment measure . 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
Dow Jones has said it believes the $ 18-a-share price is fair to Telerate 's minority shareholders . 
These insurance company contracts feature some of the same tax benefits and restrictions as non-deductible individual retirement accounts : Investment gains are compounded without tax consequences until money is withdrawn , but a 10 % penalty tax is imposed on withdrawals made before age 59 1\/2 . 
The sale of the system has been challenged in a class-action suit on behalf of unit holders filed last week in a Delaware court , USACafes said . 
In addition , Ford and Saab had discussed a possible link between their heavy truck operations . 
Yet under Mr. Reagan 's preferred successor , President Bush , those two cherished national-security causes are withering on the vine . 
The Hindu newspaper publishes the withheld portion of the Swedish National Audit Bureau 's report . 
`` We had a lot of problems , '' Mr. Sinyard says . 
At Lloyd 's of London , underwriters still scratch out policies using fountain pens and blotting paper . 
He labeled reports of friction `` ridiculous , '' and said that he spent part of the weekend on Mr. Phillips 's boat in Connecticut . 
142.3 % of the 1977 average . 
The federal government should make free , voluntary testing for the AIDS virus the cornerstone of an expanded campaign to stop the spread of acquired immune deficiency syndrome , the Hudson Institute recommended . 
Meanwhile , overall evidence on the economy remains fairly clouded . 
You are absolutely wrong , however , in opining that this position is some kind of `` flip-flop , '' something newly arrived at as a result of reading the opinion polls . 
BellSouth 
Some supporters of Israel say U.S. policy on Palestinian terrorism is colored by an intense desire to maintain the dialogue with the PLO . 
Also , Jean B. Clifton , 28 , was named executive vice president , treasurer and chief financial officer . 
He can live with little pleasures . 
The computer would let the machine run just until that order was filled , eliminating waste . 
Otherwise , they 'd be watching programs that are no different in quality from what they currently view on color TVs . 
`` Look , '' he says , `` If the rest of South Africa wants to have an integrated melting pot , that 's their choice . 
Before joining Apple in 1986 , Mr. Karalis served as general counsel at Sperry Corp . 
A year ago , the company completely revamped its near-luxury sedan , the $ 17,699 Maxima , which competes against a broad range of upscale sedans ; it replaced its boxy , pug-nosed body with sleek , aerodynamic lines . 
Two other defendants previously pleaded guilty , and charges against the third were dropped . 
Sows for breeding and bred gilts totaled 1,070,000 , down 2 % from a year ago . 
In addition , as of Sept. 30 , the company still had authorization to buy $ 368 million of stock under a prior repurchase program . 
Oct. 9. 1989 : 
Saturday , Nov. 4 , 1:30-6 p.m. EST , on NBC : Breeder 's Cup Day . 
And considering the extra cost of such provisions , some figure that people interested in , say , paying for extended nursing-home care would be better off just buying a separate policy that provides it . 
South Korean consumers are expected to buy almost 500,000 passenger cars this year , up 60 % from 1988 . 
Most important , experts say , is to show that a company 's ethical tone is set at the top . 
This month , the Food and Drug Administration expressed concern that Americans might someday , in various forms , ingest too much psyllium . 
And if you `` consider the changing distribution of credit , '' Mr. Durkin says , `` much of the increase in debt in recent years is due to increasing credit use by higher-income families , '' that is , `` those probably best able to handle it . '' 
Elected as directors were Mr. Hollander , Frederick Ezekiel , Frederick Ross , Arthur B. Crozier and Rose Pothier . 
New Product News says the beverage `` looks like ginger ale , tastes a little like cherries and smells like bubble gum . '' ... 
More carefully targeted intervention might actually reduce the need for government action . 
One Wang salesman who left the company in July recalls that when he tried to sell products to Eastman Kodak , he worked `` to muster support from internal allies , '' but `` those allies became skeptical as they saw the downtrend . 
`` The hardest thing in any complex case is to retain objectivity and , in some sense , your ignorance , '' says Mr. Boies of Cravath , Swaine & Moore . 
Everyone at the Stick that day had started out as a spectator and ended up as a participant . 
`` We have n't modified our schedules in any way , '' said a Sun spokesman . 
Rep. Dingell even managed to enlist the services of the Secret Service in his investigation of the Baltimore paper . 
`` If we 're not careful we could become known as a haven for war criminals , '' said Jeff Rooker , a member of Parliament and one of several British politicians attending a London conference with government investigators from the U.S. , Canada and Australia . 
Margins on the futures exchanges typically are raised and lowered according to market volatility . 
`` It 's hard to accept all the suffering people are going through , but you have to . 
The 27-year-old coffee cartel had to be formally dissolved this summer . 
Dow Jones also publishes Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services . 
Royal , which makes and distributes business forms , owns an 8 % stake in Realist . 
When it comes to investing , trying to weigh risk and reward can seem like throwing darts blindfolded : Investors do n't know the actual returns that securities will deliver , or the ups and downs that will occur along the way . 
Estimates of damage in the area , visited Friday by Bush , topped $ 5 billion . 
Sulzer preferred him to financier Tito Tettamanti , whose secretive raid on the company 's stock had led to a bitter battle . 
But , he adds , the constitution empowers the government to impose some controls , to mitigate the shortage of land . 
` This employer embodies all that I find noble and admirable . 
Blockbuster Entertainment Corp. -- $ 300 million ( redemption amount ) of zero-coupon convertible notes , also known as liquid yield option notes , due Nov. 1 , 2004 , priced at 308.32 to yield at maturity 8 % . 
`` The fact that they did four-day matched sales means they are not in a mood to ease aggressively . 
Of 1,500 people sent a questionnaire , 951 replied . 
Things were supposed to change when Vietnam 's economic reforms gathered pace , and for awhile they did . 
A bill giving the Transportation Department the power to block airline leveraged buy-outs cleared a House panel . 
`` We do n't see a domestic source for some of our { HDTV } requirements , and that 's a source of concern , '' says Michael Kelly , director of DARPA 's defense manufacturing office . 
That would be an ironic result of a case in which the Supreme Court expressly stopped short of overruling Roe vs. Wade . 
Many people here expect a room-rate war as the new projects open . 
Options traders who , in return for a small fee , or premium , had previously sold put options on stocks or stock indexes were forced on Friday to buy those contracts back at the previously agreed prices , which were substantially above those in the market as it was falling . 
It 's sort of a Chapter 11 situation , '' he added , referring to the U.S. bankruptcy law that protects companies from creditors while they restructure . 
`` You could still have some very bad times ahead , '' said Mr. Bachmann . 
In 1807 , the Swiss mathematician who headed the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey made an `` iron meter '' that he had brought from Europe the standard of measure . 
`` When the country gets wealthier , we tend to buy high-quality imports , '' Mr. Owen said . 
Try as they might , the Communists could neither replace nor break him . 
Considering how tenuous the security of that runway is anyway , the better option -- both morally and strategically -- would be for the Bush administration to blast the regime publicly , in terms clear enough for all influential Somalis to understand . 
The tremendous energy of the quake was dissipated by the distance , so that most parts of the valley and the major cities suffered largely cosmetic damage -- broken windows , falling brick and cornices , buckled asphalt or sidewalks . 
The club plans to show nerdy movies , such as `` Real Genius , '' in which physics whizzes pop corn with lasers ; and naturally , the `` Revenge of the Nerds , '' a tale of college males with runny noses and ill-fitting pants . 
Machinists already have rejected a package that would provide a 10 % pay raise plus bonuses over the three-year life of the contract . 
That 's particularly true , analysts say , for certain of the securities , such as those backed by time-share loans . 
`` The cost of competition has become extremely high , '' he says . 
Clearly , people like Mrs. Lombardi are giving marketers fits . 
Tandy Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire two units of Datatronic AB of Stockholm for cash . 
McDonald 's has long-term debt equaling 91 % of shareholder equity currently , but Mr. Kerschner said the company is carrying real estate assets at about $ 2.6 billion below their real value . 
Municipal bonds are generally a bit safer than corporate bonds in a recession , but not as safe as bonds issued by the federal government . 
The action at the Communist Party daily , viewed as the Soviet Union 's most authoritative newspaper , was considered the most significant development in a week of Kremlin wrangling over the press , including sharp criticism from Gorbachev . 
The family license plate reads `` ENG 23 , '' the first three letters of the family name and -- no surprise here -- Bobby Thomson 's uniform number . 
In the 1988 third quarter , the Chicago-based oil company earned $ 552 million , or $ 1.07 a share . 
Seven Japanese department-store groups were approached by investment bankers representing Bloomingdale 's chairman , Marvin Traub , and more than half are seeking additional information on the group , bankers say . 
The filing said the group continues to hold 3,481,887 remaining shares . 
Plaster fell and windows were broken at Chiat\/Day\/Mojo , a spokesman for that agency said . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is convertible from Nov. 20 , 1989 , to March 17 , 1994 , at an indicated 5 % premium over the closing share price Oct. 25 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
By 52%-36 % , Tennessee NFIB members favor laws to limit foreign ownership of land and facilities in the state . 
In 1984 , an attempt was made to crack down on the industry with tougher restrictions . 
He produced it . 
We 're not rushing into anything . 
Most were obtained with huge inputs of church money from South Korea and Japan , minimum cash downpayments and sizable mortgages . 
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co-chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber-Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray . 
Mr. Bergsma said Akzo hopes to have approval to sell its Marvelon pill in the U.S. in 1992 . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it received a $ 12 million contract to provide virtual network services to Woolworth Corp. 's 5,600 corporate and retail sites in the 
Analysts expect others to show a similar pattern . 
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index-arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year . 
`` The shareholders felt we needed a foreign presence more than we needed links with an insurance company , '' an Ambrosiano spokeswoman said . 
Japanese auto makers are known for coming up with funny names , but this year the practice seems to have reached a new high -- or low . 
BizMart , another retailing stock , was off 3\/8 to 8 1\/4 on nearly 80,000 shares . 
IF IN VITRO fertilization works , it usually does so after only a few tries . 
SunGard 's stock rose 1 3\/4 to 21 1\/4 on 194,000 shares . 
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 . 
`` It s almost product de jour , '' grouses one account executive at Dean Witter . 
The latest two-year notes were quoted late at 100 28\/32 to yield 7.84 % . 
Mr. Honecker spoke of `` generally valid objective laws of socialism '' and left no room for debate . 
Companies that actually market speed as part of their service train their managers to lead and participate in teams that increase speed and improve quality in everyday operations . 
In addition , OEX options were suspended from trading last Friday afternoon , after the stock-market sell-off got under way and trading in the S&P-500 futures contract was halted . 
GM has been negotiating a friendly transaction with Jaguar that likely would involve joint ventures and an eventual stake of just under 30 % . 
A $ 67 billion spending bill was approved by House-Senate conferees that includes major provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
Recently , they have appeared every few weeks in talk-show type videos , countering pro-union arguments . 
The comments were the ministry 's first detailed public statement on the subject , and reflect the ministry 's concern that foreigners will think Japan is using its tremendous financial power to control events in foreign markets . 
The previous BellSouth pact was valued at about $ 98 to $ 110 a share . 
Developing countries such as India , some analysts said , seem to have made it a point to stay away whenever sugar reached the top of its trading range , around 14.75 cents , and wait for prices to return to the bottom of the range , around 13.50 cents . 
The firm of Bruce Kelly\/David Varnell Landscape Architects had created Central Park 's Strawberry Fields and Shakespeare Garden . 
The far left had some good issues even if it did not have good programs for dealing with them . 
Aside from the special charge , Amoco 's results were in line with Wall Street estimates . 
APARTHEID FOES STAGED a massive anti-government rally in South Africa . 
Seabrook officials said the plant could receive a full-power license by the end of the year . 
And David Riley , a federal examiner who worked under Mr. Scott , said he found his chief oddly upbeat about Lincoln . 
The 47-year-old Mr. Nicastro joins Grand Union from Singer Co. , where he was treasurer . 
Although dealers said investors are becoming more bearish toward the dollar in the wake of the stock market 's recent troubles and as the U.S. economy weakens , the dollar ended down only modestly . 
Rally 's operates and franchises about 160 fast-food restaurants throughout the U.S. . 
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah . 
Attacks on inflation come with another strategy of capital of a very traditional sort : an assault on wages . 
And while signs of an economic slowdown , softer corporate earnings and troubles with takeover financing all have contributed to the stock market 's recent weakness , many investors rushed to blame program trading for aggravating market swings . 
The main effect of the ceiling boost was to `` legitimize '' some of the overproduction already coming from the quota cheaters . 
Mr. Mark attributed the improvement to cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending together two sales organizations and more carefully focusing the company 's promotional activities . 
Cemetery officials hope the ads , which will begin airing next month , will not only draw visitors but bolster burials and endowment fund contributions . 
Though it 's clearly Max 's wife who held sway here until her death , now none of the other male residents of this misbegotten household can challenge Max . 
AIDS is n't considered a widespread problem in Japan -- the government reports about 1,000 known carriers of the virus -- but many companies have poured substantial resources into research in recent years , hoping to cash in on a possible cure . 
LDI termed the paper `` non-recourse financing , '' meaning that investors would be repaid from the lease receivables , rather than directly by LDI Corp . 
MEASUREX CORP. , Cupertino , maker of computer integrated manufacturing processes , annual sales of $ 265 million , NYSE , had only minor damage but workers spent most of yesterday cleaning up . 
The Merc first started working on developing this contract in 1984 . 
`` Anne does n't believe in blandness , '' said Ms. Smith . 
For the first six months , the trust and corporation had a net loss of $ 244,000 . 
Buy-out offers for Maidenform are n't infrequent , says Executive Vice President David C. Masket , but they are n't taken very seriously . 
`` The thing is so fluid right now that there 's really no way to say what will happen , '' says Justice Department attorney Grover Hartt III , who represents the IRS in the case . 
Even if the Japanese find Soviet technology desirable , such discussions would be fraught with political complications . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber tumbled 2 7\/8 to 43 7\/8 . 
The prepaid plans take payment today -- usually at current tuitions or at a slight discount -- for a promise that tuition will be covered tomorrow . 
Most are from independent producers instead of regulated utilities , and Westinghouse believes it will ride a wave of demand stretching over the next six years . 
Pfizer 
London 's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index fell 27.9 points to 2135.5 . 
Kodak yesterday confirmed that it has entered negotiations with Maynard , Mass.-based Digital to manage all of its voice and data communications needs . 
`` I 'm the secretary-general , if there is one , '' he says , greeting a visitor to his office . 
Understandably , smaller growth stocks have n't been in favor recently . 
But the spokesman confirmed that Saatchi has received several inquiries from companies interested in acquiring its Campbell-Mithun and Rowland units . 
However , unlike Messrs. Graedel and Crutzen , who are both pioneers in the study of atmospheric chemistry , Mr. Teagan has no special expertise in the area . 
And , Deltec said , buying has been severely reduced because savings and loans have been restricted in their junk purchases by recently passed congressional legislation . 
The shipments went mostly to food-service distributors that supply pizzerias and restaurants . 
Analyst estimate the value of the BellSouth proposal at about $ 115 to $ 125 a share . 
The articles were largely based on interviews Ms. Malcolm had taped with Jeffrey Masson , a psychoanalyst who had served as projects director of the Freud Archives . 
Hasbro Inc. , the nation 's largest toy maker , reported third-quarter earnings increased 73 % from a year earlier on a 9.4 % sales gain , reflecting improved margins . 
The session failed to enact any new curbs . 
The company said it expects to receive acceptances for its offer of 253 pence ( $ 4.05 ) per share representing at least 67 % of Ross Catherall 's issued share capital , or 12.7 million ordinary shares . 
Still , I figured the event 's envy-quotient back in the U.S.A. was near peerless . 
What 's more , both administration and congressional officials hint that the notification requirement is likely to be dropped from the guidelines on coup attempts that are being rewritten by the panel and the White House . 
The producers ' 28 % share of publicly held Guber Peters would net them an additional $ 50 million . 
More than 700 people work in the GTE building . 
The 30-share index closed 11.6 points higher at 1772.6 . 
For the nine months , Arco reported net income of $ 1.6 billion , or $ 8.87 a share , up 33 % from $ 1.2 billion , or $ 6.56 a share a year earlier . 
Dow Chemical Co. said its Destec Energy Inc. unit has agreed to buy PSE Inc. , a Houston energy company , in a deal valued at about $ 115 million . 
As a result , competitors say Renaissance has been looking for any opportunity to return to the stock market , rather than risk losing business by continuing to remain fully invested in Treasury bills . 
Rep. Les AuCoin was as blunt on behalf of the abortion-rights movement . 
Toyobo Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 150 million of bonds due Nov. 1 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par , via Daiwa Europe Ltd . 
The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's , based on the quality of the underlying auto loans and a letter of credit covering 13 % of the deal from Credit Suisse . 
The young president so admires Japanese discipline that he sends his children to a Japanese school in Mexico City . 
Financing plans include raising $ 170 million in debt secured by the company 's holdings in New Jersey . 
TV ads plugging the company 's new V-6 Sonata and its souped-up Excel subcompact will begin appearing Monday . 
`` With the Edison plant coming on line next summer , the Times is facing some tough earnings comparison in the future , '' said Peter Appert , an analyst with C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell . 
A person who is born with one defective copy of a suppressor gene , or in whom one copy is damaged early in life , is especially prone to cancer because he need only lose the other copy for a cancer to develop . 
It quoted Liu Changyi , deputy director of the Beijing Public Security Bureau , as saying that there were many more people involved in prostitution now than in 1985 , when there were about 100 cases . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
Warnaco was taken private by Spectrum Group in 1986 for about $ 487 million . 
The proposed changes , which are scheduled to be announced today , would apply to pesticides and other substances found on fresh and processed foods , according to federal officials . 
At the moment , Ford executives will say little beyond reiterating their desire to raise Ford 's Jaguar stake to about 15 % . 
The machinists are reviewing proposals they made in the past for recapitalizations that would pay a special shareholder dividend and give employees a minority stake . 
Even before British Air 's announcement , pilot union leaders had been meeting in Chicago yesterday to consider their options . 
Meanwhile , supporters of the Dellums two-party consent bill say it is needed because of a giant loophole in the one-party consent law . 
Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. -- $ 475 million of senior subordinated resettable debentures , due Oct. 15 , 2001 , priced at par to yield 14.75 % . 
It refinanced the judge 's loan , lowered its interest rate and accepted a trade-in that had n't originally been part of the deal -- a beat up 1981 Chevy Citation the dealer had to repair before it could be resold . 
Though he also long benefited from the system built by La Quina , Mr. Guzman Cabrera says union perks had simply gotten out of hand . 
Maybe the Chinese , maybe even the Indians . '' 
The lawsuits stemmed from the development of cancer and other problems in the daughters of women who took the drug . 
The bureau cited typhoons in the month that discouraged shopping and leisure opportunities . 
Sir Richard succeeds John Plastow , who resigned in July . 
The election was by secret ballot in the General Assembly . 
Despite the pledge by the Communist rulers , tens of thousands of people across the country staged marches over the weekend to demand democratic freedoms . 
British customs officers said they 'd arrested eight men sneaking 111 rare snakes into Britain -- including one man who strapped a pair of boa constrictors under his armpits . 
The two sides now are accusing each other of lying . 
The dollar was also slightly firmer and prompted some selling , as well , according to the analyst . 
The Attorney General 's investigation was sparked by lawsuits and charges by angry California businesspeople that they were swindled in a bureau-sponsored directory project contracted by Better Book . 
Acquired from Carisbrook Holdings U.K. Ltd. , a company owned by Australian financier Robert Holmes a Court , the stake was apparently the first of its kind for Aska , an entity separate from Aichi . 
Claiborne 's directors also declared its regular cash dividend payment of five cents a share payable on Dec. 5 to shareholders of record at the close of business on Nov. 13 . 
You 're looking at a guy whose motorcade was attacked in Bolivia by the drug terrorists , so I 'm personally a veteran of this war . 
But in recent years , Mr. Ingersoll began focusing more on expanding his own newspaper empire in partnership with investment banking firm Warburg , Pincus & Co . 
Within the IRS , nearly $ 1.95 billion is provided for processing tax returns , a 12 % increase over fiscal 1989 and double what the government was spending five years ago . 
General unsecured creditors of the parent holding company initially will receive $ 14 million in cash , $ 22 million face amount of senior notes and 49 % of the new company 's stock . 
Last week 's output fell 1.7 % from the 1,848,000 tons produced a year earlier . 
International Business Machines Corp. and MCA Inc. said they agreed to sell their Discovision Associates joint venture to U.S. units of Pioneer Electronic Corp. for $ 200 million . 
In addition , despite IBM 's well-publicized recent problems , the computer giant still generates enormous amounts of cash . 
In addition , Lionel began a lawsuit in federal District Court in New York seeking to enjoin the offer , alleging , among other things , violations of federal securities law and fraudulent manipulation of the market for Lionel 's securities . 
`` What happened with United was a gracious way for him to bow out . '' 
The fight has turned ugly and , among pilots at least , has shattered the esprit de corps that Mr. Smith worked so hard to build . 
They serve the industries and the special-interest groups . 
As if this were n't enough , the Senate Judiciary Committee is getting into the act . 
About 33 % considered another crash `` likely , '' while about 63 % said one is `` unlikely . '' 
They noted that studies completed after the 1987 crash exonerated program trading as a source of volatility . 
October 's numbers , which wo n't be released for a month , are down further , mutual fund executives say . 
Those Metropolitan Life ads were bad enough . 
Revenue eased 0.3 % to $ 3.45 billion from $ 3.46 billion . 
Bishop is based in Hutchinson , Kansas . 
( The union will keep a 2 % commission on construction projects . ) 
Mr. Nakamura cites the case of a customer who wants to build a giant tourism complex in Baja and has been trying for eight years to get around Mexican restrictions on foreign ownership of beachfront property . 
Now there 's a new wrinkle in what young doctors want : More than half of 300 residents responding to recent survey said they 'd prefer a guaranteed salary over traditional fee-for-service compensation in their first professional position . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
Advances in aircraft fuel efficiency over the years made a Shannon stop unnecessary for most Western air fleets , but Aeroflot still flies inefficient Ilyushins that ca n't make it from Moscow to Managua on one hop . 
Mr. Bockris previously reported getting bursts of excess heat and of detecting increasing amounts of tritium forming in the heavy water . 
`` There is one sacred rule of journalism , '' John Hersey has said . 
The powerful Democrat had first wanted to add language relaxing environmental restrictions on two mills on the Hamakua coast that are threatening to close . 
He flew to Fort Bragg , N.C. , in September of that year for a course in psychological operations , returning to the School of the Americas in Panama for a two-month course called `` military intelligence for officers . '' 
The Big Three auto makers already have slashed fourth-quarter production plans 10.4 % below year-ago levels , but that may not be enough to prevent inventories from ballooning if sales do n't improve . 
The arms-kickback scandal is likely to be one of the big talking points in the campaign , but it 's unclear how it is viewed by average Indian voters . 
I can attest that a recent Colombian visitor to the U.S. was offered drugs three times in the few blocks ' walk between Grand Central Terminal and the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in midtown Manhattan . 
Aer Rianta , the Irish airport authority , could build a cargo terminal in the Soviet Union . 
The per-share loss was $ 5.32 . 
You quote Robert Crandall , chairman of American 's parent , AMR Corp. , as having said that discount deals for big customers would be `` dumb '' because `` you will go to Detroit because you have to go to Detroit whether the fare is $ 175 , $ 275 or $ 375 . '' 
In all , federal outlays amounted to $ 1.143 trillion in 1989 , up 7.5 % from the previous year , the Treasury said . 
Auto production for the first half of the fiscal year , which began in August , totaled 6,379,884 units , the association said . 
There is n't any rush on the part of investors in the West to buy gold , he said . 
He said that when scientists from the two countries meet again in January in New Orleans , the Japanese will present at least three more drugs for human testing . 
But the continuing pressures for free-market economics suggest the conference 's vision was not all fantasy . 
There are no plans to initiate a common stock dividend , Mr. Johnson said , explaining that the board continues to believe shareholders are best served by reinvesting excess cash . 
Writing in the Harvard International Review , he says that his committee approves covert operations only when there 's a `` consensus . '' 
Market Order : This is probably the most widely used order -- and the one most open to abuse by unscrupulous floor brokers , since it imposes no price restrictions . 
The heavy buying in the last half hour led the specialists to take special steps . 
The chancellor sometimes has used the occasion to announce major economic policy changes . 
The bill would then declare that the debt is equity and therefore is n't deductible . 
In fact , Fireman 's Fund Corp. , which ended the day off 50 cents to $ 36.50 , said earthquake damage would slightly hurt fourth-quarter profit . 
Jaguar shares jumped 23 before easing to close at 654 , up 6 . 
Suddenly , George Bush the pro-choice advocate became George Bush the anti-abortionist . 
Second , they are liquid . 
According to my calculations , these outlays should have brought the value of my sedan to more than $ 22,000 on the open market ( Figure 6 ) , where I plan to offer it shortly . 
The manuevering illustrates an emerging Republican donnybrook , pacified since the early 1980s . 
The cost of buying the additional 48 % stake would be 10.95 billion francs ( $ 1.74 billion ) . 
According to federal officials and drug-industry studies , nearly half of the 1.6 billion prescriptions filled each year are n't used properly , meaning that money is wasted on some prescriptions and patients are deprived of the benefits of medication . 
Mr. Grobstein 's appointment formalizes a role he has been performing since the merger , a spokeswoman said . 
The size of the company 's board has been reduced to eight directors from 13 . 
Consider , for instance , two bond funds from Vanguard Group of Investment Cos. that were both yielding 8.6 % on a recent day . 
A year ago , net was $ 14.3 million , or 31 cents a share , on sales of $ 116.8 million . 
Champion International said , `` We 've gotten our costs down and we 're better positioned for any cyclical downturn than we 've ever been . '' 
Some adjusters , like Alan Singer of San Diego , had been working in Charleston for nearly four weeks . 
`` The stock market ai n't going to do much of anything '' for a while , says John Neff of Wellington Management , who runs the $ 8.3 billion Windsor Fund . 
The new representative office , with one manager and two assistants -- none a member of the Rothschild family -- will carry out no banking operations of its own . 
Mr. Breeden offered strong support for two other provisions in the bill . 
The administration also acknowledges that it is n't pursuing Mr. Reagan 's original vision of an `` impenetrable shield '' protecting the whole U.S. , but rather a more modest version . 
It was the possibility of this demand that helped firm prices , the analyst said . 
They say it s possible some of their members may be donating privately . 
I 'm out of bed . 
Warner also had a gain of more than 13 % from records and music publishing , even though the domestic record business was sluggish this summer . '' 
How can a company be considered `` privatized '' if the state is so heavily represented in it ? 
At a recent meeting of manufacturing executives , `` everybody I talked with was very positive , '' he says . 
For the first time in memory , it was standing-room only in BART 's sleek , modern railcars . 
We still have people wandering around in a daze in San Francisco worrying about whether it 's going to rain tonight . '' 
It is an intentionally vague document that will create a wave of litigation . 
As stocks rose , in fact , some investors changed course and reversed their sell orders . 
Crane holds 504,200 Milton Roy shares , including 254,200 bought from Sept. 14 to Thursday for $ 15.50 to $ 16.75 each . 
The panel is expected to add provisions waiving restrictions on the use of federal highway funds and may also shift money within the package to bolster the share for the Small Business Administration . 
After the payment , the Cleveland company owes $ 57 million on the loan . 
Much of the money from the sales is earmarked for a multibillion-dollar agrarian-reform program . 
Consolidated Papers Inc. said it plans to spend $ 495 million on new paper-manufacturing equipment and facilities . 
Before the takeover mania of the '80s , it referred to rooting out through analysis undervalued stocks , especially those with shrewd management , sound fundamentals and decent prospects . 
That way , they can be home in time for work Sunday . 
Taxi , leasing and other companies that maintain fleets of vehicles devote substantial resources to complying with state insurance laws and a host of agencies . 
Sun Myung Moon , the Korean evangelist-industrialist who in 1954 founded the Unification Church , remains the mystery man behind a multimillion-dollar political and publishing operation based in this country and catering to the American right . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the agreement `` an important step forward in the strengthened debt strategy , '' noting that it will `` when implemented , provide significant reduction in the level of debt and debt service owed by Costa Rica . '' 
THE YALE POLITICAL UNION does n't pay an honorarium to speakers . 
SMALL TALK : 
Offices were closed yesterday . 
Most public-health measures were handled at the local level . 
But interest waned as the day wore on and investors looked ahead to the release later this week of two important economic reports . 
Already two major pharmaceutical companies , the Squibb unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. , are collaborating with gene hunters to turn the anticipated cascade of discoveries into predictive tests and , maybe , new therapies . 
Among Pacific markets , prices closed lower in Sydney , Seoul , Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore and Wellington . 
By late yesterday , both sides appeared prepared to bury the hatchet . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 65 days ; 8.375 % 66 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.875 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.75 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
The massages last 15 minutes and typically cost about $ 10 . 
Democrats had been negotiating with some Republican congressional leaders on a compromise lately . 
The treasury can do something on its own , but to have any hope of success it needs help from the Fed . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled a sweetened pension and early-retirement program for management that it hopes will enable it to save $ 450 million in the next year . 
Among their clinkers were `` The Legend of Billie Jean , '' `` VisionQuest , '' `` Clue '' and `` Clan of the Cave Bear . '' 
Only 58 % of Americans now believe that foreign cars get better gas mileage than domestic models , the Journal survey found , down from 68 % in 1987 . 
Moreover , BankAmerica continued to build its reserve against troubled foreign loans by boosting its loan-loss provision to $ 170 million , about the same as the previous quarter but well above the $ 100 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
Bechtel Group Inc. , the giant closely held engineering concern , says it has instituted a 6 a.m. to 8 p.m. flextime arrangement , whereby employees may select any eight-hour period during those hours to go to work . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : Sales : $ 2.06 billions Net loss : $ 1.30 billion \* 
Senate Democrats are to meet today to consider the GOP proposal . 
Termination means that the agency 's insurance assumes the liabilities and pays the pension benefits already owed under the plans , but workers do n't accrue new benefits . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 73 days ; 8.325 % 74 to 99 days ; 7.75 % 100 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Ford did n't say how much it might offer for Jaguar , or when . 
Mr. Jobs moved to remedy a couple of his computer 's drawbacks yesterday by lowering the entry-level price for a Next machine by $ 1,500 , or 23 % , if the buyer chooses a hard-disk drive as an alternative to Next 's optical-storage device . 
We 'd get our asses kicked . '' 
Apparently a lot , according to the British firm of Deloitte , Haskins & Sells . 
`` The president does n't want to have legislative sanctions , '' says a U.S. official . 
Walter Connolly , chairman , said in an interview that the company expects to record pretax gains of $ 100 million to $ 125 million from the sale of its leasing operations and of certain financial processing services . 
Despite sudden changes in the strategic equation , some Western European leaders , especially British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , remain skeptical about European political and economic unity , and are unlikely to let East-West concerns change their minds . 
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock-purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding . 
But since June , foreign bankers led by international financial institutions have virtually suspended their new loans to China . 
While the discussions between Delmed and National Medical Care have been discontinued , Delmed will continue to supply dialysis products through National Medical after their exclusive agreement ends in March 1990 , Delmed said . 
During the five-year period ended 1986 , roughly 80 % of the names had money tied up in money-losing syndicates , according to Chatset consultants . 
`` To the professionals in the trade it did n't cause much surprise . 
Demand for ads also rose at the eight TV stations Capital Cities owns and at its 80%-owned ESPN sports cable channel . 
What 's surprising is that there is n't more of a conservative outcry as the Bush administration lets the programs slip down the national-priority list . 
He 's currently in the midst of a 17-city U.S. tour with Yehudi Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia , with stops including Charleston , S.C . ( Oct. 25 ) , Sarasota , Fla . ( Oct. 28 ) , Tampa , Fla . ( Oct. 29 ) and Miami ( Oct. 31 ) . 
DPC , an investor group led by New York-based Crescott Investment Associates , had itself filed a suit in state court in Los Angeles seeking to nullify the agreement . 
Instead , the tests will focus heavily on new blends of gasoline , which are still undeveloped but which the petroleum industry has been touting as a solution for automobile pollution that is choking urban areas . 
With the futures locked into a trading halt Oct. 13 and trading in some individual stock difficult , program traders would have undoubtedly fled to the basket system , the traders say . 
In August , Recognition said it was in violation of certain terms of its debt agreements with bank lenders because of a $ 3.9 million loss for the third quarter ended July 31 . 
`` There 's a definite psychology of the sale and different personalities you pitch different ways , '' he says . 
In 1983 , the Supreme Court tried to supply a workable definition in the Dirks v. SEC decision , which found that liability depended on whether the tipper had breached his fiduciary duty to the corporation in order to obtain `` some personal gain '' and whether the tippee knew or recklessly disregarded this fact . 
In finding `` good news '' in Berkeley 's new freshman admissions plan ( `` The Privileged Class , '' editorial , Sept. 20 ) , you 're reading the headline but not the story . 
The new company was created to meet growing demand for steel doors , concurrent with increasing local concern about fire prevention , the company said . 
Beantown scribes , who spare no invective when taking on local luminaries such as Michael `` Pee Wee '' Dukakis , or New England Patriots Coach Raymond `` Rev. Ray '' Berry , yesterday poured ridicule on new drawings of Globe columnists that replaced old photos in the revamped pages this week . 
In Japan , many desktop terminals are limited to one function and ca n't communicate with other machines . 
Home Beneficial Corp. , Richmond , Va. , said it contracted to sell its 50 % interest in a Richmond-area shopping mall to a buyer that was n't identified . 
A Canadian government agency conditionally approved proposed exports to the U.S. of natural gas from big , untapped fields in the Mackenzie River delta area of the western Canadian Arctic . 
CREATIVE ACCOUNTING , mostly by conglomerates , forced CPAs to change their way of setting standards to be followed by corporations reporting financial results , standards that had become all too flexible . 
`` We must find ways to save money for the futures commission merchants who do business on our exchanges . '' 
Proceeds will be used to commercialize recently patented technology and support the company 's international expansion . 
Among the company 's current efforts : repairing old parts at 25 % of the cost of replacing them . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : 
Democracy is forcing the abortion debate toward healthy compromise , toward the unpolarizing middle . 
In fact , managers today are probably more aware of speed as a competitive variable than ever before . 
Finally , even the time-honored strategy called `` value investing '' no longer means what it once did . 
In over-the-counter trading yesterday , Moscom closed at $ 4.375 , up 37.5 cents . 
Because wholesale energy prices shot up by a steep 6.5 % last month , many analysts expected energy prices to rise at the consumer level too . 
`` It 's like the U.S. and the Russians : Nobody wants to disarm first . '' 
Now , callers are led through complex menus of choices to retrieve information they want , and the hardware can process 10,000 calls in 90 seconds . 
Citizens & Southern Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Security Pacific Corp. 's New York-based factoring unit . 
But the report says : `` The only safe sex is sex between uninfected partners , '' and testing is the only way to learn of infection . 
The industrials were up about 60 points in the afternoon , but cautious investors took profits before the close . 
Outside , I spotted two young men lugging blocks of concrete . 
London shares also closed firmer in thin trading driven largely by technical factors and support from a new Wall Street rally . 
Raw-steel production by the nation 's mills decreased 0.8 % last week to 1,828,000 tons from 1,843,000 tons the previous week , the American Iron and Steel Institute said . 
David M. Carroll 
Bond Corp. signaled it will focus on building its domestic and international media and communications businesses . 
Since founding the company , the charismatic Vietnam vet , who is still only 46 years old , has fostered an ethos of combat . 
The drug czar claimed that enforcement efforts are working here , `` albeit at a slower and more halting pace than we would like . '' 
Creative accounting is a hallmark of federal credit . 
It seems to me the BPCA plan has the potential of making South Gardens a horticultural jail for people and plants . '' 
`` Along with these factors , other economic reports suggest a slowing of the economy , which could mean reduced copper usage , '' he said . 
Pressed on the matter , he is more specific . 
Everybody was out buying Monets . '' 
Baseball ai n't football , where the good teams beat up on the bad ones . 
Ethan Bronner 's `` Battle for Justice : How the Bork Nomination Shook America '' ( Norton , 399 pages , $ 22.50 ) is a spirited narrative of the nastiest of these hearings , done with journalistic verve , but with a flawed legal philosophy . 
Ski promotions have traditionally avoided the touchy issue of safety . 
The SBA expects to make about $ 1 billion in Hurricane Hugo loans . 
Kemper , the biggest holder of senior SCI TV bonds , has refused to join the bond-holders committee and is said to be reviewing its legal options . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
The CompuServe subsidiary ( which provides information to home-computer users ) is `` where the growth is , '' he said , but its format is `` still too complicated . '' 
CHICAGO LAW FIRM recruits American Express Co. vice president : 
Eaton Corp. had a 26 % drop in third-quarter profit mainly because of lower sales of truck parts , its largest and most profitable single business . 
Denver-based U S West said net income dropped 8.9 % , noting that the year-ago quarter included the sale of a building by its BetaWest Properties unit . 
And they eyeball types of risk that are not easily quantified . 
Customers of either DataTimes or Dow Jones News\/Retrieval are able to access the information on both services . 
Dr. Starzl said the research has been largely financed by the National Institute of Health and by university funds , and that Fujisawa did n't give the hospital any grants . 
Mr. Houston-Montgomery says that at the party he waved to Malcolm Forbes , publisher of Forbes magazine ( `` We've been in the columns together '' ) , Mary Boone , a New York art dealer ( `` I think she knows me , but I 'm not sure '' ) and Bridget Fonda , the actress ( `` She knows me , but we 're not really the best of friends '' ) . 
`` First , they produced a flowchart detailing the process by which an air-separation plant actually gets built . 
The administration of federal credit should closely parallel private lending practices , including the development of a loan loss reserve and regular outside audits . 
Environmental protection program current interest bonds are due 1995-1999 , 2005 and 2009 . 
Other dealers added that the blue-chip stocks in general were hit by profit-taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day . 
This means Interior contacts can not be logged only on one day -- a Sunday that had already passed . 
The announcement follows several comments by government officials that the government will speed up the repeal of the tax , which was originally scheduled to fall with the start of the single internal market in the European Community at the end of 1992 . 
`` It does n't appear to be getting worse . 
Clinton said in Columbus , Ohio , that its Clinton Gas Marketing unit wants to line up a number of such gas management contracts . 
The combination of so many chains available for sale , the recent failures of such retailing LBO 's as Miller & Rhoads Inc. and declining investor confidence will drive down prices , retailing observers said . 
Jamaica Fires Back 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
A spokeswoman said Dow is comfortable with Wall Street expectations that full-year earnings will total about $ 14.60 a share , compared with last year 's record net of $ 2.4 billion , or $ 12.76 a share . 
Given Hong Kong 's record , Mr. Mushkat 's `` realists '' might have sounded unduly conservative when the interviews took place two years ago . 
Inflation may be stable at the moment , running at about 4.5 % . 
Right now , the largest loan the FHA can insure in high-cost housing markets is $ 101,250 . 
Good luck . 
`` The earnings were fine and above expectations , '' said Michael W. Blumstein , an analyst at First Boston Corp . 
The rubble after the Armenian earthquake a year ago disclosed , quite literally , a city whose larger structures had been built with sand . 
And they can further reduce the monthly amount if they start saving earlier -- when mother and child come home from the hospital . 
Tennessee Valley Authority -- A $ 4 billion , three-part offering of power bonds priced through an underwriting group led by First Boston Corp . 
The big questions are whether the increase , effective Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick , and whether other major steelmakers will follow suit . 
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding . 
By 1973 , after their second child was born , it had become clear to Ms. Volokh and her husband Vladimir , a computer scientist , that they wanted to leave the U.S.S.R . 
The value of the transaction was n't disclosed . 
Francis M. Wheat , a former Securities and Exchange Commission member , headed the panel that had studied the issues for a year and proposed the FASB on March 30 , 1972 . 
As a senior vice president , he has headed the company 's designer lingerie division , Oscar de la Renta , since its inception in 1988 . 
Addington Resources Inc. said it called for redemption on Nov. 21 its $ 25.8 million outstanding of 8 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2013 . 
To fight back , activists such as Mr. Langton are forming groups to lobby land managers over access issues and undertake education programs to show that the bikes can responsibly share trails . 
Advertising rates for the Eastern , Midwest , Western and Southwest editions will increase an average 5.5 % , and rates for localized advertising editions will increase 7.5 % . 
It said the reduction reflects impaired business prospects and reduced financial flexibility caused by continuing losses at the maker of Winchester disk drives . 
Last month , Mr. Morishita 's new gallery , Aska International Ltd. , purchased 6.4 % of Christies for # 33 million ( $ 53.3 million ) . 
Duty-free shops in Leningrad 's Pulkova Airport opened in July , and hard-currency shops in Leningrad hotels and on the Soviet-Finnish frontier are coming soon . 
The company has about 8.8 million shares outstanding . 
Just a month ago , Mr. Bush sternly threatened to veto a pending welfare bill if it provided any abortion funds , except to save a woman 's life . 
Gary Ciminero , economist at Fleet\/Norstar Financial Group , Providence , R.I. , expects the deflator to rise 3.7 % , well below the second quarter 's 4.6 % , partly because of what he believes will be temporarily better price behavior . 
What if its sales weaken someday ? 
The group 's resilience gets its first test today when 30 top pilot union leaders convene outside Chicago in a previously scheduled meeting . 
Watson & Hughey has denied the allegations in court ; officials decline to comment further . 
Still , there was a breakthrough at Geneva . 
Douglas Jones , an attorney representing Richard O. Kelly Sr. , the chairman and president of Capital Trust , says his client denies that there was any attempt to defraud investors . 
Last week 's output rose 1.4 % from the 1,802,000 tons produced a year earlier . 
Many money managers who trade stock actively have trouble consistently matching the S&P-500 's returns . 
They got a small piece of the net profits and a screen credit '' as executive producers . 
Manufacturers ' shipments rose 0.3 % in August following two months of declines . 
World prices tumbled , mostly from their own weight , according to analysts . 
( ABC stops short of using an `` applause '' sign and a comic to warm up the audience . 
About 10 % of the school districts approached have rejected the network . 
Originally the department had reported the August decline as 5 % . 
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime-time shows . 
Mr. Lawson , though not allowed to join the EMS , chose to `` shadow '' the deutsche mark . 
It 's being sold through bookstores , newsstands and some video stores . 
Alan Murray contributed to this article . 
A group including Gene E. Phillips , former chairman of Southmark Corp. , and William S. Friedman , former vice chairman of Southmark , lowered its stake in the Dallas real estate concern to 7.7 % , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
`` What I thought I was saying is that the market is troubled but still viable and , appropriately enough , quite quality-conscious , which is not at all bad , '' he says . 
Here are two cases to illustrate . 
Mr. Tait say he does n't blame Lilly . 
Mr. Timbers countered that `` the mere fact they put in circuit breakers is an admission of their problems . '' 
However , it said examiners found a variety of insider dealings at the thrift , including `` extraordinary loan commissions '' paid to a firm associated with Vision Banc officials , and loans diverted through borrowers back to the thrift officials . 
In the experiment , mice with the defective gene were mated . 
Creditors involved in the project contend , however , that the termination actually had nothing to do with these technical violations . 
`` The terms announced today are strictly between the United States and Gulf Power , '' said U.S. Attorney Robert L. Barr . 
Louis Margolis , managing director in charge of equity options and futures at Salomon Inc. , says that trading baskets of stocks began in the 1970s , a decade before the advent of futures . 
`` Everybody 's confused and no one has an opinion that lasts longer than 30 seconds , '' said Mr. Zipper . 
Persuading tradition-bound Japanese retailers to get involved in the turmoils of the U.S. retailing industry is n't likely to be so easy , analysts say . 
Shop Television Network Inc. , of Los Angeles , said Penney agreed to continue its exclusive arrangement with Shop Television , which does the production , marketing and cable distribution for the J.C. Penney Television Shopping Channel . 
Yet clearly , modernization must embrace its key industries before it can be said to have caught the `` privatization bug . '' 
The pay 's the same , and the duty 's lighter . 
First they set up overseas merchandising offices to import items and track new fashion trends . 
In return , Mr. Craig agreed to cooperate in the government 's continuing payola probe , says a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office . 
One indication of a growing number of junk defaults , Mr. Asquith says , is that about half of the $ 3 billion of corporate bonds outstanding that have been lowered to a default rating by S&P this year are junk bonds sold during the market 's big issue years of 1984 through 1986 . 
The number of workers in production sectors will be cut by 488 , to 5,200 by September . 
Singer Bette Midler won a $ 400,000 federal court jury verdict against Young & Rubicam in a case that threatens a popular advertising industry practice of using `` sound-alike '' performers to tout products . 
Tuesday , October 17 , 1989 
The ratings concern said it downgraded Beatrice notes , Euronotes and certain industrial revenue bonds to single-B-1 from Ba-3 and the company 's subordinated debentures to single-B-3 from single-B-2 . 
If excess capacity develops , they say , not everyone will suffer . 
As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : Release all political prisoners unconditionally ; lift all bans and restrictions on individuals and organizations ; remove all troops from the black townships ; end the state of emergency , and cease all political trials and political executions . 
x - Year-to-date 1988 figure includes Volkswagen domestic-production through July . 
Instead , they figure the culprit probably took money from Ms. Shere 's wallet and discarded all the tips in the five-by-eight-inch looseleaf . 
Since most prosecutors would n't be able to demonstrate conclusively that racial considerations did n't affect sentencing , executions everywhere might come to a halt , Mr. Boyd explains . 
But even that niche is under attack , as several Wall Street firms pulled back from program trading last week under pressure from big investors . 
However , Judge Hastings has said he will continue to fight and is contemplating an appeal of any impeachment to the U.S. Supreme Court . 
The volatility of smaller technology companies has served the group well overall in recent stock trading , according to Hambrecht & Quist 's technology stock indexes . 
Refcorp is the financing unit of Resolution Trust Corp. , a new government agency created to rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts . 
Indeed , U.S. officials have indicated to the press that the continuation of aid depends on what success the weakened resistance achieves by the end of this year . 
The government , in turn , guaranteed financing to complete the order backlog and took control of the board . 
Merieux , a vaccine and bioresearch firm based in Lyon , France , is controlled 50.1 % by state-owned Rhone Poulenc S.A . 
Russell Miller 's `` Bare-Faced Messiah : The True Story of L. Ron Hubbard '' is a biography of the founder of the Church of Scientology . 
Indeed , only hours earlier , Mrs. Thatcher had called Mr. Lawson 's economic policies `` sound '' and said she has `` always supported '' him . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.50 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.45 % six months . 
`` A couple of things Mr. Newsom said were at least misleading , '' said Kevin O'Connell , one of the Washington regulators responsible for the handling of Lincoln . 
Mr. Kalmus said that by next July they would have accrued unpaid interest equal to $ 350 million . 
The office of foreign investment has authorized some $ 1.78 billion worth of investment proposals , said Edwin Perozo , superintendent of foreign investment . 
But his inexperience raises doubts that he would have the political power to carry them out . 
It was down more than 40 points a half-hour before the close , marking a 61.5-point turnaround from its high , reached in the first 15 minutes of trading . 
As Mr. Rivkin explains it , `` We were raising some caution flags about rate rises in Europe and concerns about the LBO market . 
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system . 
But one far-afield effect is still with us . 
In most civil cases , judges allow each side three such challenges . 
`` It 's clearly a manifesto for the next stage of perestroika , '' said one analyst . 
Many delegates were willing to craft a compromise , but U.S. delegate Constance Harriman and others thundered that down . 
But the financial rewards are n't expected soon , nor are they guaranteed . 
Giovanni Agnelli & Co. , which was formed in January 1987 as a way of keeping the Agnellis ' controlling stake in Fiat together despite an ever-growing family tree , has been playing a more active role in the Agnelli group of late . 
The Tokyo market 's resiliency helped participants to regain confidence gradually as they spent more time on analyzing factors that caused the Friday plunge and realized these problems were unique to New York stocks and not directly related to Tokyo . 
-- Median household income -- which includes both those living in families and those who are n't -- rose 0.3 % last year to $ 27,225 after inflation . 
`` We stand for peace today and we will stand for peace tomorrow , '' said Walter Sisulu , the ANC 's former secretary general who , along with five of his colleagues , served 26 years in prison before being released two weeks ago . 
Both issues are dated Oct. 31 . 
Managers of junk funds were bolstering their cash hoards after the September cash crunch at Campeau Corp . 
A computer failure delayed its earnings announcement , and some investors think it might have extra costs to repair damaged telephone lines . 
Finally , as shown in the table , Democrats allocate a higher proportion of their personal staffs to district offices -- where local benefit-seeking duties matter more and national policy making activities matter less relative to Washington offices . 
In New York , Roger Killion , a Hambrecht executive vice president , said he expects OTC trading at the company to resume this morning , either in New York or in San Francisco . 
The industry had shown signs of recovery this summer , after the central bank began to relax its clamp on credit , allowing interest rates to drop a bit after pushing them up for a year . 
`` You are a dinosaur ... a hangover in a $ 10 suit ... 
That was the New York Stock Exchange 's blooper . 
Week by week on `` Mancuso FBI '' ( NBC , Fridays , 10 p.m . ET ) , he pokes around the crime styles of the rich , famous and powerful of the Washington scene -- a loose cannon on deck at the FBI . 
Some analysts note that after last week 's stock market tailspin and Tuesday 's California earthquake , it 's hard to gauge where the central bank wants the key federal funds rate . 
`` It helps to point out how many important people came through Cleveland on their way to the top , '' says George Miller , executive director of the New Cleveland Campaign , a nonprofit organization devoted to citing the city 's strengths . 
`` We think we can take it to the 18 % range over next 18 to 24 months , '' he said . 
A group of investors led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Burt Sugarman , said it filed with federal antitrust regulators for clearance to buy more than 50 % of the stock of Rally 's Inc. , a fast-food company based in Louisville , Ky . 
The Editor 
When that day comes , it would be particularly awful to know that the United States sat on military aid and deprived these people of the means to settle their fate with at least a little honor . 
The first instance occurred in 1967-68 , when China 's Cultural Revolution triggered bloody street rioting in the colony . 
MGM Grand Inc. said it filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a public offering of six million common shares . 
But the different business system would make it hard for Dentsu to provide these Japanese companies the same kind of services they do in Japan . 
Even after-hours drag ; `` karaoke '' bars , where Japanese revelers sing over recorded music , are prohibited by Mexico 's powerful musicians union . 
He expected as much . 
The benchmark 30-year bond , which traded as high as 102 1\/4 during the day , ended at 101 17\/32 . 
There is evidence to support that view . 
TANDEM COMPUTERS INC. , Cupertino , computer maker , annual sales of $ 1.6 billion , NYSE , said it had no significant damage and should be fully operational within a week . 
The extrusion unit produces bare and painted custom extrusions for building products and construction industries . 
Society Corp. already has branches in the area , and selling the Trustcorp offices could avoid a problem with regulators over excessive concentration of banking in the two counties after the merger of Trustcorp into Society , according to industry sources . 
While Seita does n't own the French tabacs , its close alliance with them offers distribution possibilities . 
But , he continues , `` They 're forgetting we 're all Texans . 
One essential indicator that they are is that members of minority groups get elected to public office with reasonable frequency . 
The Orange Workers speak sincerely . 
The ads have generated some laughs but also plenty of attention because they are so unlike any other U.S. auto advertising . 
He predicted the U.S. unit will skid below 1.80 marks to around 1.78 marks this month and 1.75 marks by the beginning of the new year . 
`` I do n't know what the risk is { of holding the stock } . 
The adjustments reflect the increase in the consumer price index for urban wage earners and clerical workers from the third quarter of last year to the third quarter of this year . 
In his first year of operating the store he bought for $ 220,000 , Mr. Ortiz was robbed at least twice at gunpoint . 
MCA on Friday said that as a result of Qintex 's failure to make the required payment it was terminating the distribution agreement on `` The New Leave It to Beaver '' as well as other MCA properties . 
Some analysts at least are buying that argument , and were n't alarmed by the losses . 
Occidental Petroleum 
`` It was a mixed bag , '' said Richard Bruno , who heads over-the-counter trading at PaineWebber . 
B.A.T ended the day at 778 , down 5 , on turnover of 7.5 million shares . 
`` In a new position just after the opening , a computer will have serious problems , '' Mr. Kasparov said later . 
Mr. Levine noted that Bancroft 's shares have been trading at or above Mr. Green 's offering price for the last several months . 
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex-time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans . 
Out of this , the government set up a $ 50 million fund for plaintiffs who can prove their financial losses . 
`` If you can use data to reconstruct what happened in the past , you have much more confidence in predictions for the future , '' said Lonnie Thompson , a research scientist at Ohio State who dug for and analyzed the ice samples . 
The first hybrid corn seeds produced using this mechanical approach were introduced in the 1930s and they yielded as much as 20 % more corn than naturally pollinated plants . 
However , the officials said it was too early to disclose the nature of the proposed projects or indicate when the talks might be concluded . 
The proposal , however , was immediately rebuffed by Arby 's parent , DWG Corp . 
Some 250,000 cars normally cross the closed Bay Bridge between Oakland and San Francisco daily . 
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars . 
Moody 's said Houston Lighting 's current situation has some positive aspects , including managing `` very well '' the construction and commercial operation risks of Units 1 and 2 of the South Texas Project nuclear power plant . 
Mr. Coats plans to offer his proposal as an amendment to a bill to raise the federal debt limit before the end of the month . 
Despite the departure of Mr. Lawson and Sir Alan , the tug-of-war over the EMS could continue . 
The buy-out fell through when Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. unexpectedly failed to obtain bank financing . 
The best of the crop was last week 's season premiere of `` In the Heat of the Night , '' the NBC series based on a 1967 feature film about a black Philadelphia police detective in a small Southern town . 
Rights attached to the company 's common shares were issued that are triggered if a hostile bidder acquires more than 20 % of the shares outstanding . 
Later , however , the company agreed to meet on Monday with the Seattle Professional Engineering Employees Association after a federal mediator intervened , according to the union . 
And Tina Brown , editor of Conde Nast Publications Inc. 's Vanity Fair , said advertisers are frequently asked to take advertising positions in the back of her magazine to relieve ad clutter . 
Term bonds due 2010 are 7.10 % securities priced at par . 
Stocks that reportedly benefited Tuesday from a Japanese buy program handled by PaineWebber gave back some of their gains . 
A customs official said the arrests followed a `` Snake Day '' at Utrecht University in the Netherlands , an event used by some collectors as an opportunity to obtain rare snakes . 
Yields on municipal bonds can be higher than after-tax yields on CDs for maturities of perhaps one to five years . 
Avondale Industries Inc. received a $ 13.5 million Navy contract for ship spare parts . 
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw-materials price index for September . 
Demand , he believes , is being met from overhang rather than new production . 
But consumer expenditure data released Friday do n't suggest that the U.K. economy is slowing that quickly . 
Mr. Terrizzi wo n't say specifically , explaining that if there was such a move , it would take about three days to complete the loose ends of the transaction . 
Sales rose to $ 52.4 million from $ 50.1 million . 
That , says Warner 's Mr. Rabinowitz , is `` a total 100 % lie . '' 
NASA said General Dynamics will launch CRRES using an Atlas 1 rocket . 
The researchers discovered that Episcopalians , Presbyterians , Methodists and fundamantalist Protestants were nearly always against the defendants ; the lawyers resolved to try to keep them off the jury . 
The American Iron and Steel Institute reported : The capability utilization rate is a calculation designed to indicate at what percent of its production capability the industry is operating in a given week . 
Lawmakers , they say , would avoid putting many spending projects into legislation in the first place for fear of the embarrassment of having them singled out for a line-item veto later . 
But he does n't appear to be ready to make broad changes either . 
The suit , filed in federal trial court in Des Moines , Iowa , where Meredith is based , alleges that the diversified media company 's relocation unit cheated the government by misrepresenting the value of government employees ' homes . 
The disclosure follows last Friday 's news that Bond Corp. incurred an overall loss of A$ 980.2 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 , the largest loss in Australian corporate history . 
The scandal has faded and flared , but recent disclosures propelled it back onto the front pages , and that has helped galvanize the opposition , which last week blocked passage of two constitutional amendment bills . 
`` On the contrary , it shows a corporation reacting swiftly and aggressively to very difficult issues in largely uncharted waters . '' 
The industry used 81.6 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.2 % the previous week and 86.2 % a year ago . 
He said 13,000 more copies were sent to Estonia because of strong sales . 
And even without deals , Mr. Connolly figures the market would remain healthy . 
It 's impossible to say exactly how much of the total charity intake is devoured by stratospheric fund-raising costs , high-living operators , and downright fraud . 
The amount would help Los Angeles cope in the first few weeks after its own anticipated quake , while waiting for federal assistance to arrive . 
Working students , she explains , want `` some satisfaction . '' 
Du Pont Co. reported that third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various chemicals and fibers , and in petroleum . 
Money manager Robert Ross , head of Duncan Ross Associates Ltd. in Vancouver , British Columbia , says stocks would have to fall 15 % to 20 % before they are competitive with less risky investment alternatives . 
Compiled by William Mathewson 
While renewing military aid had been considered out of the question , rejected by Congress and de-emphasized by the Bush administration , Mr. Ortega 's statement provides Contra supporters with the opportunity to press the administration on the issue . 
In compact and subcompact cars , the bread-and-butter sales generators for Japanese auto makers , Nissan still trails Toyota and Honda . 
The noncallable issue , which has a one-time put Oct. 15 , 1999 , was priced at a spread of 66 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
The decision , Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services , illustrates how Supreme Court rulings often have a ripple effect , spreading into areas of law and policy that were n't part of the actual cases decided and that never were contemplated by the justices . 
According to a detailed report by Zbigniew Bochniarz of the University of Minnesota 's Hubert Humphrey Institute , 27 areas containing a third of Poland 's population are regarded as `` ecological hazards '' due to multiple violations of standards . 
Eli Lustgarten of PaineWebber Inc. , who a couple of weeks ago reduced his 1989 estimate to $ 5.70 a share because of the weakening truck market , says he will make another cut to about $ 5.50 a share in light of the third-quarter report . 
Some people must drop names -- call it an irresistible impulse . 
`` We 've been spending a lot of time in Los Angeles talking to TV production people , '' says Mike Parks , president of Call Interactive , which supplied technology for both ABC Sports and NBC 's consumer minutes . 
The approval also ends any hope that Banque Nationale de Paris , another state-sector bank , might have had about taking Credit Lyonnais 's place in the accord . 
For example , first-term members of the House , once the most vulnerable of incumbents , have become virtually immune to defeat . 
The March delivery ended with an advance of 0.16 cent a pound to 14.27 cents , for a two-day gain of 0.3 cent . 
But with growth come growing pains , and never has this been clearer on the Indian capital market than now . 
Lotus 's results were about 10 % higher than analysts ' average expectations and compared favorably with the 36 % earnings rise reported a day earlier by rival Microsoft Corp. of Redmond , Wash . 
Sales for both years reflect 12-month performances for each year of I. Magnin , Bullock 's , and Bullocks Wilshire . 
And there are the twin-deficit Keynesians , who predict\/advocate devaluations to balance trade flows . 
Meanwhile , the photographic industry , which accounts for 44 % of silver consumption , continues to look for substitutes . 
Especially at times like these , when declining rates make it hard for investors to get yields they have come to expect , too many people chase the promise of above-market returns without fully appreciating the risk . 
Mr. Kochan also likes long-term , investment-grade corporate bonds and long-term Treasurys . 
`` Due to health reasons , Lt. Col. Noriega has elected to postpone his visit to Washington , '' it read . 
He said he monitors the money-supply figures , but does n't give them paramount importance , as some private and government economists have suggested . 
In the wake of the failed Panama coup , a bumper sticker appears : `` Ollie Would Have Got Him . '' ... 
The decision to accept Credit Agricole 's bid , valued at 283.3 billion lire ( $ 207.4 million ) , came after a stormy weekend meeting . 
Cotton Inc . Campaign 
`` I think 1990 will be another mediocre year , '' said Steve Milunovich of First Boston . 
Another analyst said that , if there was any concern , it was that a strike could encourage other walkouts in Chile . 
Although the government said the economy grew an estimated 2.5 % in the third quarter , in line with expectations , analysts are increasingly predicting much more sluggish growth -- and therefore more corporate earnings disappointments -- for the fourth quarter . 
The result is that the unthinkable and illogical are happening . 
Their opposition helped scare off some Japanese banks . 
Other analysts say the Indian leader could retain control with a slim majority or be forced to rule as the dominant partner in a coalition with other parties . 
He pampers them ; he invites them to fabulous parties ; he strokes them . 
It is always the responsibility of investors to keep track of the orders they have placed . 
Mr. Stein was fined $ 25,000 and suspended for three years . 
Managers at five chains have said in recent weeks that they intend to bid for their companies . 
By this month , it had more than doubled . 
The mine is expected to return to production in about a week . 
One reason questions surround the heat experiments is that they involve unusually meticulous measurements . 
On the other hand , Valley National tumbled 24 % after reporting a sizable third-quarter loss . 
The result is that all sides resort to sleight of hand to make room for competing housing and environmental programs , and the commitments now will drive excess spending into fiscal 1991 . 
The extra margin for bases in the U.S. enhances the power of the appropriations committees ; meanwhile , lawmakers used their positions to garner as much as six times what the Pentagon had requested for their individual states . 
The reason for the tremendous demand is simple : South Koreans suddenly have a lot more money . 
In Tokyo Thursday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.60 yen , up from Wednesday 's Tokyo close of 141.55 yen . 
Takamori Matsuda , an analyst at Dresdner-ABD Securities , said fading expectation for lower interest rates made investors step back from real-estate shares , which advanced last week . 
Citicorp , for example , said only that it had `` expressions of interest of a transaction from both the borrowers and the banks , '' but did n't have an agreement . 
They strongly suggest that Justice 's prosecutions of Drexel Burnham Lambert , Michael Milken and Princeton\/Newport violated notions of fundamental fairness . 
Ashland had a loss . 
An increasing number of big Japanese investors are buying up U.S. home mortgages that have been pooled and packaged for sale as interest-bearing instruments known as mortgage-backed securities . 
Interest picks up , though , when Mr. Gould gets around to discussing the meaning of the Burgess oddities for the theory of evolution . 
The group did n't make a formal offer , but instead told UAL 's advisers before the most-recent board meeting that it was working on a bid valued at between $ 225 and $ 240 a share . 
The filing also said the trust is considering a sale of Manville securities in the open market ; an extraordinary dividend on the common stock ; or a recapitalization of Manville . 
The uncertainty is sending shivers through Brazilian financial markets . 
Small-lot buying targeted at incentive-backed issues pushed up the Nikkei . 
The Treasury said it will alter the auctions unless it has assurance of enactment of legislation to raise the statutory debt limit before the scheduled auctions Monday . 
He said Rorer sold the drugs for `` nice prices '' and will record a combined , pretax gain on the sales of $ 20 million . 
With the passing of the heady days of swelling industry sales , however , the once-sporadic and brief forays into discounting are becoming standard competitive weapons in the beer industry . 
The space shuttle Atlantis landed at a desert air strip at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif. , ending a five-day mission that dispatched the Jupiter-bound Galileo space probe . 
Among other technology issues , Cray Research rose 1 5\/8 to 37 , Hewlett-Packard added 1 1\/4 to 50 1\/4 , Tandem Computers rallied 1 1\/8 to 25 3\/4 , Data General rose 3\/4 to 14 1\/2 and Motorola gained 2 3\/8 to 59 1\/4 . 
He adds : `` Our fund has had { positive } net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month . '' 
( IBM won the case . ) 
Research shows AZT can relieve dementia and other symptoms in children , 1,859 of whom are known to have been infected . 
Mr. Bork 's opponents chose the battlefield , held it and kept it . 
Labeling an omnibus budget a `` bill '' ca n't deprive the President of his power to veto items . 
Meanwhile , Ford officials became convinced they could n't expect to recover the investment it would require to make Saab 's cars competitive in the increasingly crowded luxury market . 
There are moments in this `` Summerfolk '' when the characters populating the vast multilevel country house ( which looks like a parody of Frank Lloyd Wright and is designed by Victoria Petrovich ) spout philosophic bon mots with the self-conscious rat-a-tat-tat pacing of `` Laugh In . '' 
In the last hour of the trading day , December contract took a tumble to end the session 10 cents lower at $ 19.62 a barrel . 
`` But it 's risky , '' he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure . 
Catastrophe losses reduced Aetna 's net income by $ 50 million , including $ 36 million from Hugo . 
Nissan created its quake ad in a weekend . 
Now they 're losers and he 's in jail in Mobile County . 
Formerly president and treasurer , Mr. Lang remains chief executive officer . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks . 
But the FDA in a 1985 letter to the United Egg Producers said that there was `` little likelihood '' of a health problem as long as instructions were followed . 
Study after study -- the most recent from the Brookings Institution -- tells us that the best schools are those that are free of outside interference and are governed by a powerful head . 
Ms. Bick , the NIH administrator , says the business and scientific community is overreacting to what the agency merely meant to be `` ideas for discussion . '' 
Unless the market goes right back up , he says , `` it may take us six to nine months to find the money , instead of three . '' 
Another person close to the talks said , `` It is very hard to justify paying a silly price for Jaguar if an out-and-out bidding war were to start now . '' 
`` Lion Nathan has a concluded contract with Bond and Bell Resources , '' said Douglas Myers , chief executive of Lion Nathan . 
For instance , December contracts for WTI rose 17 cents to $ 20.42 . 
Initial claims for regular state unemployment benefits rose to a seasonally adjusted 396,000 during the week ended Oct. 7 from 334,000 the previous week , the Labor Department said . 
Courtaulds Chairman and Chief Executive Sir Christopher Hogg will remain in both posts at the surviving chemical company after the spinoff . 
Pound concerns aside , the lack of strong buying interest in the yen is another boon for the dollar , many traders say . 
The surge in production , analysts say , raises questions about capacity outpacing demand . 
In another approach , tiny Iverson Technology is trying to resume its growth by braving the new world of commercial products . 
`` I am beside myself , '' I 've said in moments of heat , Without ever bothering To marvel at the feat . 
He will succeed Arthur E. Himebaugh as general manager Feb. 1 , when Mr. Himebaugh retires . 
Have the freedoms of glasnost gone to Mr. Ovcharenko 's head ? 
The parent also publishes weeklies , shopping guides and specialty magazines . 
Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Inc. -- 13 million common shares , via Merrill Lynch . 
`` The problem with this administration , I think , is that by design it has greatly diminished , both in a physical sense and in a procedural sense , the role of the NSC . '' 
Blockbuster shares closed yesterday at $ 18.75 , down $ 1.125 , in New York Stock Exchange trading . 
When consumers have so many choices , brand loyalty is much harder to maintain . 
She was interested only if she could guide it editorially as well . 
Mr. Ericson says he tries to offset the leverage by diversifying the fund 's portfolio . 
Competition could be maintained -- and stadiums probably would remain full -- if schedules were reduced and the games returned to the students , we said . 
Daniel von Bargen is ramrod-stiff but totally assured as Major Battle , mixing just the right brand of self-righteousness and patriotism ; Jeff Weiss is fire , brimstone and teary-eyed emotionalism as the far-right senator who serves as a friendly interrogator of Major Battle ; Zach Grenier is maddeningly officious playing a succession of lawyers ; Joseph Daly has the perfect `` aw , shucks '' demeanor of George Bush in his portrayal of the vice president ; and Ann McDonough is first-rate as a succession of witnesses ' wives . 
Because of the large amounts of money being raised , the loose disclosure requirements and the casual monitoring of how the money is used , some analysts fear that there could be a few mega-crashes , which could hurt market confidence far more than the small bankruptcies that followed the boom of 1986 . 
The allegations , ranging from theft and bribery to coercion and lewdness , paint a disquieting picture . 
Private companies , and ultimately their customers , will end up footing the huge bill . 
`` Once we see an order , we expect it 'll be on line by 2000 . 
The infusion of activists can bring a clash of cultures . 
In the early 1970s , Mr. Smith modeled his fledgling company on Tiger 's innovation of hub-and-spoke and containerized-cargo operations . 
But the board said it was n't interested for now . 
It also would create a new individual retirement account that would shield from taxation the appreciation on investments made for a wide variety of purposes , including retirement , medical expenses , first-home purchases and tuition . 
Ways and Means Chairman Rostenkowski backed a simplification plan in the pending House tax bill , but the plan turns out to be a big revenue loser . 
`` It 's part of our style , too . '' 
One suit , filed by more than three dozen investors , charges that Mr. Peterson misused much of the $ 9.7 million put into a limited partnership that he operated and promoted , spending some of it to pay his own legal bills and to invest in other companies in which he had an interest . 
Profit at the unit fell to $ 110.6 million , or 37 cents a share , from $ 142.4 million , or 45 cents a share , largely because of a $ 24 million one-time charge associated with Hughes 's previously announced plan to reduce employment by at least 6,000 people by year end . 
Also named in the suit is Media Home Entertainment Inc. of Culver City , Calif. , its parent , Heron Communications Inc. , and Broadstar Television of Los Angeles , holders of the copyright on the movie . 
The $ 4 billion bond issue also will help the TVA meet its goal of not raising rates for another year , said William F. Malec , the agency 's chief financial officer . 
The company rejected those past proposals . 
The company had a one-time charge of $ 14.8 million in the latest quarter covering the disposition of certain assets . 
China 's slide toward recession is beginning to look like a free fall . 
`` I want to know who made the decision that it was safe for 186,000 people to use every day , '' said Richard Katz , a state legislator who is chairman of the California Assembly 's transportation committee . 
Mr. Muniak 's company , Balag Ltd. , has agreed to set aside the money to plant and maintain it , but discussions are still going on over where to place it and how to ensure that it will be maintained . 
Last week , a young black girl claimed she had been raped by a white police officer ( a la Tawana Brawley ) . 
In figures released yesterday by A.C. Nielsen Co . `` Teddy Z , '' produced by the television unit of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , was in 37th place . 
U.S. steel imports in August fell 14 % from a year earlier to 1,531,000 tons , according to the American Iron and Steel Institute . 
Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer , and Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services . 
The company 's latest announcement said Mr. Waggoner will remain a director of Staar , a maker of products for small-incision surgery . 
It was a profoundly moving moment for series television , and Robert Loggia 's acting resonated in the silence . 
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is slated to receive $ 30 million by charging for fingerprint services in civil cases , and the judiciary will rely on another $ 32 million from bankruptcy charges , including a 33 % increase in the current filing fee . 
Alarmed councilors say the project could jeopardize costly efforts to stop , or slow down , the subsidence that makes Venice subject to regular and destructive flooding . 
Giovanni Agnelli & Co. announced a transaction that will strengthen its indirect control of Fiat S.p . A. and will admit Prince Karim Aga Khan as its first non-family shareholder . 
The trust , which owns 80 % of Manville 's stock on a fully diluted basis , is a separate legal entity that is settling claims with asbestos victims . 
Among the takeover-related stocks that sold off yesterday were Disney , which closed down 2 1\/8 to 121 1\/4 . 
Only for cigarettes , mayonnaise and toothpaste did more than 60 % of users say they typically stick with the same brand . 
But the Japanese have to go a long way to catch up . 
Part of the increase would provide $ 90 million toward ensuring construction of a costly solid rocket-motor facility in Mr. Whitten 's Mississippi . 
Vienna , Va.-based Legent said it expects to post revenue for the quarter of more than $ 31 million , compared with pro forma revenue of $ 25.2 million in 1988 . 
`` It would be a shame to have a Chapter 7 after all the progress in this case , '' said Judge Abramson . 
And You Are There , sort of : 
John R. Wilke contributed to this article . 
Mr. Edelman said the decision `` has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman . '' 
Currently , even though the issuer does n't pay tax , the debt holder is taxed on the accrued interest . 
Mr. Lieber , the actor who plays Mr. Hoffman , says he was concerned at first that the script would `` misrepresent an astute political mind , one that I admired , '' but that his concerns were allayed . 
According to veteran watchers of Unificationist affairs , such as Dr. J. Gordon Melton , director of the Institute for the Study of American Religion , almost all operations are being drastically reduced as Mr. Moon now concentrates more on developing his empire in the Far East . 
Bankers Trust New York Corp. , as expected , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 1.42 billion , or $ 17.39 a share , following its $ 1.6 billion boost in reserves for losses on loans to less-developed countries . 
The letter , attached to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , said the approval is also contingent upon obtaining satisfactory financing . 
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . '' 
Producers also are trying to differentiate by concentrating on higher-profit output , such as coated and electrogalvanized products , which remain beyond the reach of minimills . 
But some so-called high-quality junk issues fell as some mutual funds sold their most liquid issues to raise cash . 
DPC said it could n't comment on the suit . 
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week . 
Successful American business owners do the same thing . 
Judge Not 
Selwyn B. Kossuth was named executive director of the commission , effective early November . 
The Dow Jones industrials rose 5.94 , to 2689.14 , making the gain for the week a record 119.88 points , or 4.7 % . 
The Rev. Alphonsus Trabold , a theology professor and exorcism expert at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , N.Y. , frequently is asked to exorcise unruly spirits , and he often obliges . 
Throughout the early 1980s , Mr. Bush was quoted sometimes supporting federal funding for abortion in cases of rape and incest and sometimes opposing it . 
I 'm just numb . 
The appointment of Peat Marwick , which has a unit that specializes in advising troubled companies , came about as a result of a round of meetings held by Qintex Australia Chairman Christopher Skase with bank creditors . 
He also improved the firm 's compliance procedures for trading . 
In fact , he did ; the quotes above are from Mr. Baker 's speech of two weeks ago . 
The company said it currently holds about 4.2 million of Innopac 's 13.8 million common shares outstanding , which have an aggregate market value of about 137.8 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 117.3 million ) . 
The best course for individual investors is to sell these stocks now , the two advisers say . 
The water destroyed about $ 75 million in currency and caked $ 4 million of coins with mud , rendering them dangerous to counting machines . 
Creation of a new , realistic U.S. policy is long overdue . 
`` The market was caught totally the wrong way ... . 
It is no coincidence that from 1844 to 1914 , when the Bank of England was an independent private bank , the pound was never devalued and payment of gold for pound notes was never suspended , but with the subsequent nationalization of the Bank of England , the pound was devalued with increasing frequency and its use as an international medium of exchange declined . 
Nekoosa 's poison pill allows shareholders to vote to rescind it , but Georgia-Pacific is n't likely to pursue such a course immediately because that would take 90 to 120 days , and would n't affect the provisions of the Maine law . 
Congress may have lost any sense of discipline , but that does n't mean the country must learn to live forever with this mess . 
With average maturities of a month or so , money funds offer fixed share prices and floating returns that track market interest rates , with a slight lag . 
Call it the uninformed trudging after the incomprehensible . 
For one thing , there is an old master on the wall -- `` Samuel Anointing David , '' a big baroque canvas painted by Mattia Preti , a 17th-century Neapolitan . 
Among the subsidies continued in the transportation bill is $ 30.7 million to maintain commercial air service for an estimated 92 communities , often in rural areas . 
This city is girding for gridlock today as hundreds of thousands of commuters avoid travel routes ravaged by last week 's earthquake . 
Volume of asset-backed securities issued annually 
Minicar output more than tripled . 
Yields on small-denomination certificates of deposit fell at about half the rate of so-called jumbo CDs this week , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here . 
LAWYERS IN Texas 's biggest bank-fraud case want out in face of retrial . 
`` It 's simply a way of making the cuts less onerous for defense than they are for domestic programs , '' said Chairman James Sasser ( D. , Tenn . ) of the Senate Budget Committee , who said he would oppose the request . 
GENERAL MOTORS CORP. , Detroit , auto maker , annual sales of $ 123.6 billion , NYSE , sustained about 10 injuries to workers and some ruptured water mains at its New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. facility in Fremont , a joint venture with Toyota Motor Corp . 
It said long-term interest rates , then above 9 % , could drop to 7 % by the end of 1989 , so bonds , which benefit from falling rates , would be a good buy . 
This is no idle fear last year the FHA lost $ 4.2 billion in loan defaults . 
It will trade over the counter under the symbol CRAY . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Banks are continuing to go after individual investors , despite falling interest rates . 
But `` if they walk out without any effort to resolve their problem , production could increase to 23 million or 24 million barrels a day , making for a very troublesome first quarter , '' warns Nordine Ait-Laoussine , a consultant and former Algerian OPEC delegate . 
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
In some cases , competition has squeezed margins . 
Saatchi & Saatchi has attracted offers for some of its advertising units but has rejected them , sources said . 
And the biggest volume this year has been on securities backed by credit-card receivables , sometimes known as `` plastic bonds . '' 
She worked part-time as a consultant and wrote a book , but never restarted her high-powered legal career . 
Yet some lawyers point to Eli Lilly & Co. vs. Medtronic , Inc. , the patent infringement case the Supreme Court this month agreed to review , as an example of poor legal reasoning by judges who lack patent litigation experience . 
The portfolio currently includes $ 95 million in receivables , GE Capital said . 
Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat-rolled steel segment . 
Yet Jack 's the one who can remember every dive they ever played , and when , and he dutifully shows up for work night after night ( he consoles himself with booze and by showing up at the last minute ) . 
One Conservative MP , David Wilshire , said : `` I should have a wonderful suntan by Christmas . '' 
`` They lost the entertainment crown , and they needed one . 
Economists said the bond market 's strength also is a sign that investors expect the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates amid growing evidence that the economy is slowing . 
How would this bastion of traditional values fare in Ms. Bogart 's iconoclastic hands ? 
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has been in the forefront in supporting the Bush proposal . 
About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work . 
The devices ' most remarkable possibilities , though , involve the brain . 
Several lawmakers were angered that the bank and thrift regulators generally said they have been too busy handling the record number of bank and thrift failures in the past few years to put much energy into investigating possible discrimination . 
Instead , people familiar with the transaction said , the auction house opted to forgo that percentage in order to obtain the collection and in exchange for taking a bigger chunk of proceeds exceeding $ 100 million . 
`` A loss of the warning symptoms of hypoglycemia is a complex problem that is very unlikely to be due simply to the type of insulin used , '' the American association said . 
People who paid a premium for standard CDs purchased on the secondary market could also find that those premiums are n't insured if the institutions that issued the CDs failed . 
P&G already has shown it can meld some traditional packaged-goods techniques with the image-making of the cosmetics trade in the mass-market end of the business . 
Analytic Sciences Corp. was awarded a $ 10.1 million Air Force contract for technical support . 
Mr. Conway , 42 years old , was elected chairman , president and chief executive of Manhattan Life Insurance Co. and president and chief executive of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co . 
Frank L. Mingo , one of the pioneers of advertising targeted at black audiences , died at the age of 49 after a stroke . 
When President Bush travels to Costa Rica today , he 'll go with little of the fanfare that accompanies many of his foreign travels . 
Not a peso is offered . 
The case for owning stocks over the long-term is compelling . 
Revenue in the period slid almost 8 % to $ 203.2 million from about $ 220 million last year . 
Now that the New York decision has been left intact , other states may follow suit . 
Couple Counseling Grows to Defuse Stress 
The Canadian pig herd totaled 10,674,500 at Oct. 1 , down 3 % from a year earlier , said Statistics Canada , a federal agency . 
Mr. Sugarman called the lawsuit `` not nice '' and said his group will continue to push for control of the company and the removal of certain directors . 
London-based LIT Holdings , the largest financer of traders in the Chicago options and futures markets , said yesterday it will incur a second-half loss as a result of the market plunge . 
Fewer people said they were working up a sweat with such activities as jogging , tennis , swimming and aerobics . 
And any strong surge in redemptions could force some funds to dump stocks to raise cash , as some did during Black Monday . 
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death . 
Ford officials said they expected the two Merkurs would sell about 15,000 cars a year , and in 1988 they reached that goal , as sales hit 15,261 cars . 
A final opinion must be approved prior to the acceptance of tendered shares for payment under the offer , which was due to expire at 12:01 a.m. EDT today . 
Those employed in state-funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said . 
Buell recently said it would incur an aftertax charge of about $ 3.6 million in its fourth quarter ending Tuesday , in connection with the sale and discontinuance of several lines at a plant . 
Power failures kept just seven of its 1,500 automated-teller machines off-line . 
ITEL CORP. reported third-quarter earnings , which were mistakenly shown in the Quarterly Earnings Surprises table in yesterday 's edition to be lower than the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Foreigners would receive greater incentives to invest in the U.S.S.R. 
The company , which leases technology equipment , reported substantially lower net income for its fiscal first quarter , which ended Aug. 31 . 
Risk is also a function of time . 
Mr. Digate says his firm , Beyond Inc. , has licensed technology known as Information Lens from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and plans to develop it for commercial use . 
The Office of Management and Budget has begun looking into legislation to provide more funds for earthquake repairs . 
One could imagine such a lull in the lives of the Arabs before the quadrupling of oil prices . 
For its part , NIH insists that its guidelines `` should not stifle research creativity or technology transfer from the research laboratory to commercial use . '' 
Where 's this huge amount of investment capital coming from ? 
But the effort became snagged on the question of what would become of other issues , ranging from cutting the capital-gains tax to child care to repeal of catastrophic-illness insurance . 
Tony was four years older than most of his fellow cadets , and gained admission to the academy because his brother had falsified his birth certificate . 
But as Congress prepares a fresh package of sanctions against Beijing , the already-tense relationship could get worse . 
Other costs also would increase , including maintenance , because Eastern has an older fleet . 
The company benefited from continued strong demand and higher selling prices for titanium dioxide , a white pigment used in paints , paper and plastics . 
The plan creates a new category of students from `` socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds , '' a concept not yet defined , and gives them about 10 % of the class . 
Recent prices for cocoa have been near levels last seen in the mid-1970s . 
`` Generally , when New York and California go one way , it has a tremendous influence on other states , especially small ones , '' said Mr. Rheingold . 
The Canadian Pulp and Paper Association , an industry group , said Canadian mills produced 532,000 metric tons of market pulp in September , compared with 527,000 metric tons a year earlier . 
Developers are also eyeing the real estate portfolios of major corporations . 
Prime Computer plans to dismiss 20 % of its work force to cut costs following its recent leveraged buy-out . 
`` I thought that Salinger might by being taken in another factual context come back to haunt us . 
Mr. Darman 's inclination to save the sequester was backed up yesterday by White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater : 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
The acquisition brings together the two largest competitors to Home Shopping Network Inc. , which now reaches more viewers than any other company in the video shopping industry . 
Under a proposed two-step amalgamation involving share swaps , ABM Gold Corp. , a gold exploration and management company , will merge with Neptune Resources Corp. , United Gold Corp. and Inca Resources Inc . 
`` If you want to cut through the clutter , you have to make your message as distinct , sharp and individual as possible . 
A Chemical spokeswoman said the second-quarter charge was `` not material '' and that no personnel changes were made as a result . 
He said the independent power segment could grow to provide as much as 50 % of near-term generation capacity , adding : `` We expect to supply a significant share of this market . '' 
The Japanese company received orders totaling 12.44 billion yen ( $ 87.9 million ) from its U.S. business activities during the fiscal year ended in March . 
Under Superfund , those who owned , generated or transported hazardous waste are liable for its cleanup , regardless of whether their actions were legal at the time . 
But there may be less there than meets the eye . 
Security is 60 % to 70 % of the common area charges of these centers , vs. an industry average of about 15 % . 
It is a market attribute -- the ability to absorb selling orders without causing significant price changes in the absence of news . 
For the nine months , the insurance company said net fell 46 % to $ 88.8 million , or $ 1.54 a share , from $ 164 million , or $ 3.16 a share , the previous year . 
Brokerage firms as a rule do n't comment on their market activity . 
London share prices closed modestly higher largely on technical factors , although the market was underpinned near the end of the session by Wall Street 's firmer trend . 
Interest payments on the bonds will be payable semiannually . 
That 's true of only 14 % of households headed by someone 60 or older . 
But after trading losses in the mid-October market jolts here , many people will be lucky to have jobs at all , executives predict . 
MTV used one to give away the house that rock star Jon Bon Jovi grew up in . 
`` I hope he grows with the job , '' says Rainer Eppelmann , a Protestant pastor in East Berlin . 
`` It is n't a real boom holiday season in our eyes , '' says Woolworth Corp. Chairman Harold E. Sells , `` but it is n't going to be a bust either . '' 
Up to now , 900 numbers have mainly been used on local TV stations and cable channels . 
Colombia 's judges launched a 72-hour strike to press security demands following Tuesday 's murder of a High Court justice in Medellin . 
`` It 's pretty much weak across the board , '' said Martin Regalia , chief economist of the National Council of Savings Institutions . 
After the announcement of the bankruptcy filing , Qintex Entertainment stock sank $ 2.625 in over-the-counter trading to close at $ 1.50 on heavy volume of more than 1.4 million shares . 
4 . Impose standard accounting and administrative practices . 
Now , after beating them , Mr. Achenbaum is joining them . 
`` But I 'm going to lose $ 50,000 to $ 60,000 on it . 
Revenue rose to $ 590.7 million from $ 575.1 million . 
Meanwhile , as such strategic investments have mounted , the merchant-banking arm of Mr. Rey 's Omni Holding has been busily buying and selling dozens of companies , often after a financial or corporate restructuring . 
`` They looked like ordinary vacationers at first , '' says Willy LLerena , owner of Travel Air Service in Monte Bello , Calif. , describing five men who entered his agency last June . 
But if this prompts others to consider the same thing , then it may become much more important . 
A successful vote would put pressure on the British government to lift the restriction . 
Government Contractors 
Six months ago , government approval for an ANC rally was inconceivable . 
From Chevy trucks to Lipton iced tea to a host of battling banks , the state has been inundated with broadcast commercials and print advertising campaigns celebrating Texans and castigating outsiders . 
It may also expedite the SEC 's modest pending changes in junk-bond disclosure rules and intensify the Treasury 's look at plans for giving new tax breaks on dividends and raising taxes on short-term trades by pension funds . 
In the second , foreign borrowing is projected to grow 10 % and investment to drop 10 % . 
Revenue-short states also are becoming more aggressive pursuers of tax delinquents , and perhaps none tracks them down with more relish than does New York since it acquired an $ 80 million computer system in 1985 . 
Drug money has also gone to buy expensive cars , airplanes , launches and nightclubs where drugs are consumed . 
Nestle 's share of 7 % before Friday 's purchases is far below the shares of market leaders Hershey Foods Corp. and Mars Inc. , which have about 40 % and 36 % of the market , respectively . 
And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress . 
In Tokyo , stocks had a second-consecutive loss Monday in quiet trading with the exception of concentrated buying in some incentive-backed issues . 
First half ended , June 30 , 1989 : 
The state of Illinois is suing the charity for fraud in Chicago , along with Telesystems Marketing Inc. , its Houston-based fund raiser . 
The major question , said one holder who asked not to be named , is whether New York investor Bennett S. LeBow , whose Brooke Partners controls Western Union , is willing to offer a large enough equity stake to entice bondholders into agreeing to a new swap . 
Dealers said there was some concern that insurance companies might be forced to sell mortgage securities to help pay earthquake-related claims , but no selling materialized . 
Up until now , most stores have followed the same basic overseas strategy : 
But the FHA program is hemorrhaging bad loans . 
When a David Baltimore -- or the next target -- decides it is better to stand up to these forces , his fellow scientists would do well to recognize what is fundamentally at stake , and offer their public support . 
Three days later , as of Friday 's close , the Nasdaq Composite was down 6 % , compared with 5.9 % for the industrial average , 5.7 % for the S&P 500 and 5.8 % for the Big Board Composite . 
A disciplined program will work the best , Mr. Boesel says . 
GNP is the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services . 
`` That puts pressure on CD rates . 
The Miami-based environmental engineering concern said GSX Chemical also will assume about $ 1.6 million in debt related to those divisions . 
They do n't even give a nod to human sensibilities by celebrating Halloween . 
They would conclude their efforts by producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including the assumptions made , an analysis of its deficiencies and limitations , the impact on national security , and the best strategy for working around these limitations . 
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen . 
We would be delighted to have such a system in place today . 
The economy would be thrown open to numerous types of ownership between now and 1992 , including factories leased by workers or owned by shareholders , cooperatives and joint ventures . 
Arnold M. Katz 
And Japan 's minister of agriculture , forestry and fisheries told a committee of Japan 's parliament that Washington 's proposal was impractical and that Tokyo would continue to heavily subsidize its rice farmers . 
The firm did the trade in seconds on the London stock exchange 's SEAQ automated-quotation system . 
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short-term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government . 
I was appalled to read the misstatements of facts in your Oct. 13 editorial `` Colombia 's Brave Publisher . '' 
`` What I hope to bring to this is another word : process . 
Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan exported slightly over one million vehicles , and produced 570,000 cars and trucks at its factories in North America , Europe and Australia . 
Michael Hays , head of ProBody Fitness , notes an industry `` wash '' is in progress . 
Applied Solar Energy Corp. of City of Industry , Calif. , said it and its majority shareholder , American Cyanamid Co. , signed a non-binding letter of intent for the acquisition of Applied Solar by McDonnell Douglas Corp. for about $ 38 million . 
`` Both sectors of imports and exports look just as bad , '' says Masahiko Kitamura , general manager of Nissho Iwai 's Canton office . 
Scientists are only beginning to understand what causes sick-building syndrome and much of that research was unavailable when the Beebes filed the case , she said . 
As we queasily start The search for replacements , we know The new one we purchase in hopes it will do , Despite every wonder that 's stated , Means more speed , more graphics , more memory , too , But also more quickly out - dated ! 
But they think promotions are limited . 
Those chips were in dire shortage last year , hurting many U.S. computer companies that could n't get sufficient Japanese-supplied chips . 
The Commodore 64 and 128 , mainly used for children 's educational software and games , had surprised market researchers by continuing to produce strong sales even though other low-profit personal computers now operate several times as fast and have much more memory . 
In a separate SEC filing , Albert Safer , who holds 6.46 % of United Merchants , said he retained investment bank Lazard Freres & Co. for advice as he evaluates the possibility of making a bid for the textile maker . 
The union , though , has called the offer `` insulting . '' 
The unit makes intravenous pumps used by hospitals and had more than $ 110 million in sales last year , according to Advanced Medical . 
Still , its edge is lost . 
The company was to repay $ 58 million in debt on Dec. 31 and $ 15 million on March 31 . 
We 'll have to wait and see '' how the plan develops . 
Publicly traded VF Corp. , which owns Vanity Fair , and Sara Lee Corp. , which owns Bali Co. , are also strong forces in intimate apparel . 
( Its scare-tactic prediction : the pill `` will be available in the U.S. , either legally or illegally , in no more than 2-5 years . '' ) 
The number of people who said they were more likely to shop at Sears fell in September to 37 % from 66 % in March , when Sears blanketed the airwaves with ads about its new pricing strategy . 
Mr. Freeman said machinists ' union advisers plan to meet this week to try to draw up a blueprint for some form of recapitalization that could include a special dividend for shareholders , an employee stake and , perhaps , an equity investment by a friendly investor . 
Addressing a conference of the New York-based Institute for East-West Security Studies in Frankfurt yesterday , Mr. Genscher said , `` History will judge us by whether we have taken the opportunities that emerge from these reforms . '' 
Arby 's is the marketing , franchising and service company for the 2,100 restaurants in the chain . 
MLX has filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering a proposed offering of $ 120 million in long-term senior subordinated notes and warrants . 
With strong prices in the company 's two major areas -- building products as well as pulp and paper -- analysts had expected a roaring quarter . 
If the Colombian media accept this new and hideous censorship there is little doubt that the drug mafia 's terrorism someday will extend to all the newspapers published in the free world . 
-- LABOR . 
But analysts estimate their trading profit at # 30 million . 
He said , `` Possibly , they 're waiting to buy at the ( quarterly ) refunding '' of government debt to be held next month by the Treasury . 
He added that the U.S. has cut off aid to some rebel units when it was determined that those units broke the cease-fire . 
Under the rules adopted by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , the futures contract can not drop below the limit , but buyers can purchase futures . 
Mr. Taylor 's victory was an embarrassment for both state and national Republicans . 
Excluding the gain , P&G 's earnings were close to analysts ' predictions of about $ 1.40 a share for the quarter . 
Another 250 Libyans were already in Italy to stage a day of mourning for victims of Italy 's colonial rule between 1911 and 1943 , when Tripoli says Rome kidnapped 5,000 Libyans and deported them as forced labor . 
Interest rate-sensitive shares such as steel , construction and electric utility companies , which rose early in the week , saw their advance weaken yesterday . 
`` We expect they will be current with their debts by the end of the week , but we are considering asking them for letters of credit before we take more orders . '' 
IBM plans to unveil over 50 software products on Tuesday to try to end some of the problems in computerizing manufacturing operations . 
At current market prices , the twin public offerings to be completed next year would add an estimated 2.5 billion Swedish kronor ( $ 386 million ) to Trelleborg 's coffers , analysts say . 
Monday 's losers included railway , electric-utility and high-technology issues . 
And Bobby Thomson was made a legend . 
The Dow Jones industrials gained 4.92 , to 2643.65 . 
About 47 % are loyal for one to five of the products . 
Much of the price decline has been blamed on a slowing economy and the third quarter is typically the industry 's slowest period . 
Adjusters must count the number of bathrooms , balconies , fireplaces , chimneys , microwaves and dishwashers . 
Laboratory tests showed that non-toxic versions of the poisons are capable of inducing an immunity to whooping cough , the researchers reported in this week 's issue of the journal Science . 
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth . 
Directors elected R. Marvin Womack , currently vice president\/product supply , purchasing , to head the company 's Washington , D.C. , office . 
Seiren Co . ( Japan ) -- 
Houston attorney Dale Friend , representing a plaintiff in a damage suit , says he has negotiated a settlement that will strike a blow for his client . 
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers . 
Today 's agreement gives Control Data a machine to compete against Digital and other general-purpose computer makers , said John Logan , a computer-market analyst at Aberdeen Group Inc. of Boston . 
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest . 
`` There 's a whole bunch of stuff that 's money good and a whole bunch of stuff that 's not so good . '' 
And she proved no shirking violet in her initial statement to the BPCA , a New York State public benefit corporation : `` The only thing I was interested in doing was a very complicated garden , which would cost an enormous amount of money and be very expensive to maintain . '' 
The ambitious Warsaw project still awaits approval by city officials . 
Market watchers also noted an absence of institutional interest later in the session helped pave the way for broader declines when Wall Street opened weaker . 
Algeria also wants to build a pipeline through Morocco and across the Strait of Gibraltar to supply Spain , France and West Germany with up to 15 billion cubic meters a year by the late 1990s . 
We 'll coordinate on this end to places like Bangkok , Singapore and Manila . '' 
Tele-Communications is HBO 's largest customer , and the two have a number of other business relationships . 
Heavy construction , property-casualty insurance and forest products were among the best performing industry groups in the Dow Jones Equity Market Index yesterday . 
It 's set in New York , but it resonates with the terrible dynamics of the Latin American drug wars . 
Though Sassy has grown quickly since its debut in March 1988 , it has been the target of conservative lobbyists and skittish advertisers who bristled at its frank editorial matter on teen-age problems . 
The $ 82.8 million of Series B bonds , which are n't subject to the alternative minimum tax , were priced at par to yield from 6.85 % in 2000 to 7.20 % in 2009 . 
The actors wear pained expressions to indicate their genuine longing for a little one -- or maybe they 're not-so-subtly commenting on the inadequacy of the script , and Jonathan Kaplan 's ( `` The Accused '' ) dull direction . 
The Soviet Union abstained from a U.N. General Assembly vote to reject Israel 's credentials . 
Talk show hosts quickly change the topic . 
But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat-footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar . 
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson views the high rates as his chief weapon against inflation , which was ignited by tax cuts and loose credit policies in 1986 and 1987 . 
Mr. Jones has been taking prospective suite owners onto the field during practice to let them rub elbows with players , and promises those who actually buy one of the rooms an insider 's look at the team 's strategy before game time . 
Inflation-adjusted social benefits would ensure that the poor and elderly do n't suffer unduly . 
As a result , consumer prices for the first 10 months of 1989 surged by 5 % and wholesale prices by 1.3 % . 
Some abortion advocates have been asking themselves this very question . 
Researchers at Ohio State University and Lanzhou Institute of Glaciology and Geocryology in China have analyzed samples of glacial ice in Tibet and say temperatures there have been significantly higher on average over the past half-century than in any similar period in the past 10,000 years . 
Yet her intensity stops and starts with the music . 
Its 1,400-member brokerage operation reported an estimated $ 5 million loss last year , although Kidder expects it to turn a profit this year . 
Amtrak said it planned to resume some train operations to Oakland late yesterday . 
The longstanding position of the Recording Industry Association of America , a trade group based in Washington , D.C. , is that record companies , performers , songwriters and music publishers need to be remunerated by government-imposed fees on the sale of blank tapes and recording equipment to make up for royalties lost to home taping . 
Some projects are now in the hands of lenders , including a 425,000-square-foot office facility in Little Falls , N.J . 
Sales in the latest quarter rose 2 % to $ 4.25 billion from $ 4.15 billion a year earlier . 
For example , some securities analysts warned that stocks of certain insurance companies , which face massive damage claims , would get hit hard . 
Instead , he said that the purpose is simply for the two to get `` better acquainted '' and discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda . 
`` Cincinnati Gas & Electric is in good shape , '' Mr. Taft said , and utilities are `` a good investment because interest rates are going down . '' 
After a wonderfully frivolous early childhood , they are exposed to rigid discipline as soon as they enter school . '' 
He doubts a Bismarckian super state will emerge that would dominate Europe , but warns of `` a risk of profound change in the heart of the European Community from a Germany that is too strong , even if democratic . '' 
In the meantime , the arbs are bleeding . 
Some can be bought off relatively cheaply . 
It said net income will rise 25 % to 69 billion yen . 
THE HOUSE votes down a proposal to put pension plans under the control of joint labor-management boards . 
`` Get caught and you 're dead in the water , '' says Mr. Thal . 
`` Maybe it was just a vulnerable time , '' says Mr. Cortese . 
`` An orphan bear cub . 
The barometer of the biggest nonfinancial stocks settled at 448.49 , off 1.40 . 
It implies very dramatic growth , '' he said . 
The chemical segment had a $ 6 million gain on the sale of ammonia and urea businesses , which was offset by a $ 6 million charge for future environmental expenditures . 
During the next decade , Mr. Kume said , Nissan plans to boost overseas vehicle production sufficiently to account for a majority of sales outside Japan . 
Today more than 470 money market funds have total assets exceeding $ 350 billion . 
There are at least 27 class-action shareholder suits that have been consolidated in federal court in New York under U.S. District Judge Milton Pollack . 
`` The 60-vote requirement will be there and they do n't have the 60 votes , '' Sen. Mitchell said . 
A rash of one-time charges left Ashland Oil with a loss of $ 39 million for its fiscal fourth quarter . 
Kofcoh is a New York holding company for Rosalco Inc. , which imports furniture and other items . 
MCI Communications tumbled 2 5\/8 to 42 3\/8 on 4.7 million shares even though the telecommunications giant reported a 63 % increase in third-quarter profit . 
The consensus view calls for an overall job gain of 155,000 compared with September 's 209,000 increase . 
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , `` there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer . 
Mr. Marrie said the problems in Arizona have only `` increased our resolve to continue to make our restructuring even more effective . '' 
She said copper traders will also be looking toward the release of the index of leading economic indicators next Tuesday . 
He cautioned , however , that a `` tough tax-rate comparison '' may slow the company 's earnings growth for the current quarter . 
But as soon as the accords were signed , American officials sharply reduced aid . 
That paradox is Hong Kong 's economically rewarding yet politically perilous relationship with China . 
For now , he says , `` we 're looking at buying some small companies with niche markets in the personal-computer business . '' 
Mr. Joseph conceded the junk market was in disarray , according to people familiar with the discussion . 
`` If they slip for 10 cents for 10 minutes , I 'll stop , '' he says . 
East German Protestantism in particular fears Mr. Krenz , in part because of an incident in January 1988 when he was believed to have ordered the arrest of hundreds of dissidents who had sought refuge in the Church . 
On Aug. 1 , the state tore up its controls , and food prices leaped . 
But the surprisingly durable seven-year economic expansion has made mincemeat of more than one forecast . 
General Motors Corp. 's general counsel hopes to cut the number of outside law firms the auto maker uses from about 700 to 200 within two years . 
\*\* Includes $ 9 million write-down of assets and takeover defense costs . 
Although it was published unsigned in the latest edition of the weekly Ekonomicheskaya Gazeta , Soviet sources say the article was written by Leonid Abalkin and a small group of colleagues . 
The Arab League-sponsored pact , drafted during three weeks of talks at the Saudi Arabian resort of Taif , includes Syrian proposals for at least a partial troop pullout from Lebanon , and guarantees an equal number of seats for Moslems and Christians in the Parliament . 
In an interview , Mr. Krat said that based on criteria yet to be determined , he expects to distribute 49 % of Royal Alliance to the representatives , who sell Integrated 's insurance and mutual-fund products . 
Mr. Abrams said that Mr. Ortega is seeking to demobilize the Contras prior to the elections to remove any pressure to hold fair elections . 
European dealers continued to dominate the action in old masters , which Sotheby 's North America had lately been touting in this country . 
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined . 
British government bonds surged on renewed volatility in the stock market . 
The worst-case scenario would be if the put expires worthless . 
`` It 's just like weather forecasting , '' says Energy Transportation trial attorney Harry Reasoner of Vinson & Elkins . 
-- Freshman basketball player . 
An international group approved a formal ban on ivory trade despite objections from southern African governments , which threatened to find alternative channels for selling elephant tusks . 
Some supporters were stunned this summer when Mr. Dinkins suggested weakening the law forbidding public employees to go on strike . 
She said that impact ca n't be reasonably assessed yet . 
The offering used at-market pricing . 
One can understand Mr. Bork 's fear that the new right to privacy will become intolerably stretched , though a Supreme Court composed of men and women with realism , guts and a sense of limits should be able to manage it . 
Rick Sherlund , a Goldman Sachs analyst , has raised his earnings estimates for the company twice in the past two weeks , citing improved margins . 
The September drop was the largest since a 19 % drop in January 1982 , but monthly changes in this measure are even less reliable than those in other economic indicators . 
For most investors `` the benefits just are n't worth the risks , '' says Barbara Roper , who follows financial-planning issues for the Consumer Federation of America , a consumer-advocacy organization based in Washington . 
Mandom Corp . ( Japan ) -- 80 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Nomura Bank Switzerland . 
Fully 62 % of the doctors surveyed for Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. think their fellow physicians are responsible for rising health-care costs , ahead of hospitals ( 55 % ) and patients ( 48 % ) . 
The explosion sent shards of metal flying , severing the DC-10 's hydraulic or control systems , and led to the crash that killed 112 people . 
BellSouth 's `` back-end protection was flawed previously . 
Greg Confair , president of Sigma Financial Inc. in Allentown , Pa. , also recommends that investors go heavily for cash . 
The settlement prices of the December , February and April gold contracts were even with Monday 's final prices . 
United Illuminating said the preferred holders total package would equal about 60 % of their claims . 
The pound immediately began to take a buffetting after the resignations were announced . 
`` He digs in the sand instead of hitting the ball , like a farmer , '' said Mr. Yoneyama . 
A group bidding for American Medical International Inc. , New York , said it formally received the final financing needed for a $ 3 billion bid for about 86 % of the hospital operator 's stock . 
`` The effect of the Supreme Court Webster opinion is that it left room for grass to grow in the cracks of Roe vs. Wade , and I think this is one of the cracks , '' said Mark Belz , a St. Louis lawyer who represented Ms. O'Brien and the other St. Louis protesters . 
Futures trading resumed a half-hour later , but the session ended shortly thereafter , leaving the stock market set up for more sell programs , traders said . 
The big one : A company 's culture ca n't be radically changed unless top management first admits that things have gone badly awry and then publicly leads the charge . 
Companies with steady earnings growth could do well , she says , while others with high debt or poor earnings could see their shares decline far more than 10 % . 
Good grief ! 
`` It 's all I think about or talk about . '' 
On Wall Street yesterday , northern California 's killer earthquake was just another chance to make a buck . 
The Bank has been making adjustment loans for 10 years . 
House Speaker Foley ought to deliver that promise . 
Even though the currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar , with a fixed exchange rate of HK$ 7.8 to the American currency , the U.S. and Hong Kong economies do n't always move in lock step , making it difficult to predict where interest rates in the colony will go . 
Both Ford and GM badly need a luxury brand to combat new competition from the Japanese in the European and U.S. markets . 
He predicted the debt ratio will improve further in coming quarters . 
The company will save between C$ 4 million and C$ 6 million annually in office expenses and other administrative costs by moving to Calgary , Mr. Maier added . 
Both reports are based on several thousand patients sampled in a 1985 nationwide government survey . 
But the Supreme Court concluded that it was premature to rule on the constitutionality of the preamble because the definition of human life had n't yet been used to restrict abortion services . 
`` They all said they invested huge amounts of money . 
The one thing Mr. Phillips clearly does have going for him is continuity , although it is n't certain if that will be enough . 
Once the plan is approved , Tan Sri Basir said , most of Bank Bumiputra 's nonperforming loans will have been fully provided for and the bank will be on track to report a pretax profit of between M$ 160 million and M$ 170 million for the fiscal year ending March 31 . 
It 's also likely that regulators will try to forge some kind of consensus between the would-be pipeline builders before undertaking any hearings into rival projects . 
Thrombinar , a drug used to stanch bleeding , was sold to Jones Medical Industries Inc. , St. Louis . 
Fox attracts a young audience with shows such as `` Married ... With Children , '' its most successful series . 
It was a Friday in June . 
The Federal Highway Administration has an emergency relief program to help states and local governments repair federally funded highways and bridges seriously damaged by natural disasters . 
The problem , market makers say , is that while the industrial average and the S&P 500 usually recover as buy programs kick in , the Nasdaq Composite frequently is left behind . 
Senate leaders had hoped to be able to send a compromise version of the measure to President Bush by the end of the week , but Speaker Foley said that was n't likely . 
Our quake behaved much like the Mexico City earthquake , where great damage was miles from the epicenter . '' 
Small businesses in general account for almost 40 % of unreported personal income , the IRS has said . 
In national over-the-counter trading , the company closed yesterday at $ 23.25 a share , down 25 cents . 
The official stressed that the PLO has n't rejected the five-point formula . 
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door . 
`` People are sort of nervous to do anything in the market now . 
Now Bond Corp. has agreed to sell at least half its Australian brewing assets . 
So it should come as no shock that the profession , if that 's what it is , has attracted a lot of people whose principal talents seem to be frittering away or flat-out stealing their clients ' money . 
`` It 's better to wait . '' 
Also , rather than increase supplies , they reduce them and encourage hoarding . 
`` Trying to time the economy is a mistake , '' says David Katz , chief investment officer of Value Matrix Management Inc. in New York . 
In patched pants and torn shoes , he stands in his barnyard eyeing the ground with a look both helpless and sardonic . 
The new technology , which creates a very thin piece of steel , radically reduces the costs of making flat-rolled sheets . 
Today , this branch of Mr. Rey 's empire runs under the name Omnicorp Offering Services and handles mergers and acquisitions , placement of securities and real estate . 
The Mahatma , or `` great souled one , '' instigated several campaigns of passive resistance against the British government in India . 
It is unclear , however , if the machinists would support a majority stake , as the pilots want . 
After that , the layout had been easy . 
The agency , which is funded through insurance premiums from employers , insures pension benefits for some 30 million private-sector workers who take part in single-employer pension plans . 
Capital Holding Corp. said it requested and received the resignation of John A. Franco , its vice chairman , as an officer and a director of the life insurance holding company . 
Nissan hopes that that will start to change this fall , with its new version of the Stanza compact sedan . 
But in the end , everything turns out for the best , in the film makers ' warped view . 
A Daikin executive in charge of exports when the high-purity halogenated hydrocarbon was sold to the Soviets in 1986 received a suspended 10-month jail sentence . 
But Burger King operators independently confirm using Michael 's product . 
For some players , the lure is money -- up to $ 15,000 a month . 
Government National Mortgage Association 9 % securities for November delivery were quoted late yesterday at 98 10\/32 , up 10\/32 ; and Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 1\/2 , up 1\/4 . 
I 'm more favorably impressed by `` no-load life , '' even though it turns out to be low-load life . 
Some experts now predict Anheuser 's entry into the fray means near-term earnings trouble for all the industry players . 
Take the scene in which Kate stands naked by a lighted window , whispering to her hidden assailant , `` Look all you want . 
A Western Union spokesman , citing adverse developments in the market for high-yield `` junk '' bonds , declined to say what alternatives are under consideration . 
They increased the after-tax rate of return and made Britain a far more attractive place to invest , producing sudden capital inflows . 
As a result , Mr. Steinhardt must reconcile himself to selling USAir at a loss , or to holding the shares as an old-fashioned investment . 
Analysts were n't willing to speculate on how much money Carnival might lose through deposits . 
The scientists say that since breast cancer often strikes multiple members of certain families , the gene , when inherited in a damaged form , may predispose women to the cancer . 
IBM can obviously bring its expertise to bear on problems related to computer manufacturing , but it could also help customers on software to deal with such things as changes in engineering documents . 
Not long ago , scientists holding stock in Spectra Pharmaceutical Services Inc. were accused of falsifying research to boost the stock . 
Qintex Entertainment , a producer and distributor of television programs most noted for its co-production of the hit miniseries `` Lonesome Dove , '' said it filed for Chapter 11 protection after Qintex Australia failed to provide it with $ 5.9 million owed to MCA Inc. in connection with the distribution of `` The New Leave It to Beaver Show . '' 
Philips did n't indicate how many shares outstanding it has of either issue . 
Examiners from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency had been combing through First Interstate 's real-estate portfolio since last month ; they first recommended that First Interstate take a provision that was less than the eventual $ 350 million third-quarter hit . 
It 's the most stunning example of Las Vegas 's concerted effort to transform itself into a world-famous vacation resort for families as well as gamblers . 
Using direct mail for a TV show is like fishing for whale with a breaded hook . 
We do not know whether RU-486 will be as disastrous as some of the earlier fertility-control methods released to unblinking , uncritical cheers from educated people who should have known better . 
Eagle Clothes Inc. , which is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , said it reached an agreement with its creditors . 
Mr. Guzman Cabrera 's new order has n't arrived without resistance . 
Messrs. Jacobson and Bates walked on the Big Board floor at about 8:45 a.m. yesterday and immediately spotted trouble . 
The sell signal , which sent a bearish chill through the stock market , came when Renaissance 's computer found that stocks were overpriced compared with bonds and Treasury bills . 
It has said it might seek bankruptcy-court protection from creditor lawsuits if it ca n't renegotiate its borrowings . 
But vendors contend that they ca n't control how their products are used . 
In that case , international banks and investors incurred big losses because they incorrectly believed the company 's debt carried implicit state guarantees . 
Lawyers close to the case said they believed the ruling was unprecedented . 
Leading the gains for Du Pont in the latest quarter was its industrial products segment , where profit soared to $ 155 million from $ 99 million a year earlier . 
In direct cash assistance , $ 1 billion is provided in federal highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion is divided between general emergency aid and a reserve to be available to the president to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
Compaq Computer gained 2 1\/8 to 103 3\/4 on two million shares , reflecting market optimism about the prospects for its newly introduced notebook-sized computer . 
He is currently experiencing what it 's like to have the phrase , `` under investigation for scientific fraud , '' also attached to his name . 
It also awarded $ 196,785 in back bonuses to former trader Michael Newcomb and $ 69,105 in fees to the two men 's attorneys . 
In most cases damage to company facilities and operations was minimal . 
I love this business , '' he says . 
Gerald F. Seib contributed to this article . 
James Kochan , chief fixed-income strategist at Merrill Lynch , is touting shorter-term securities , which he says should benefit more quickly than longer-term bonds as interest rates fall . 
Last year , the Cowboys ' share of that pie came to $ 17.6 million . 
`` I do n't want to give the impression that everybody can relax now , '' he said . 
Last year 's drought in the Midwest prompted retailers to stock up on oils ahead of anticipated price increases , boosting sales for Crisco and Puritan oils , analysts said . 
The number of people receiving state benefits in the week ended Oct. 7 fell to a seasonally adjusted 2,202,000 , or 2.1 % of those covered by unemployment insurance , from 2,205,000 the previous week , when the insured unemployment rate was 2.2 % . 
Fletcher Challenge , a big New Zealand-based forest products concern with forestry operations in Canada , said the assets include stakes in four natural gas fields and one oil field near Provost , Alberta , plus gas processing facilities and about 247,000 acres of undeveloped land . 
More recently , Guber Peters beat out a dozen other producers , reportedly including Robert Redford and Ted Turner , for rights to the life story of Chico Mendes , the murdered Brazilian union leader who fought developers in the Amazon rain forest . 
FERC 's regulation had given pipelines until March 31 , 1989 , to pass on to customers as much as 50 % of the costs of buying out their broken contracts , which were made with producers when gas prices were high and supplies short . 
The company installed a prototype system that connects Dallas with Miami over digital phone lines . 
Several phone calls and a visit to his broker 's office later , the dentist found out that the $ 9,000 drop represented the current value of the premium he paid when he bought the CD , and that the amount was n't insured . 
But the firm also tracks smaller technology companies as a subset of the larger group . 
That 's my challenge . 
Occidental Petroleum 's third-quarter net income rose 2.9 % to $ 108 million , or 39 cents a share , from $ 105 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The poll , conducted Aug. 7-28 , also provides a glimpse into the thinking of serious investors on a variety of other topics . 
Combined with at least some rebound in exports after August 's unexpected decline , the deficit could narrow to as little as # 1.3 billion . 
That is , if the company reported results correctly . 
Mr. DeVoe said he expects prices to show some renewed instability over the next few sessions as institutions re-evaluate their stance toward the market in light of its decline . 
One more word and you are out on a park bench , mister . '' 
French crude-steel production in September was 1,616,000 metric tons , unchanged from a year earlier , according to the National Steel Manufacturers ' Association . 
The state Supply Regulator Institute is to burn rice , corn and beans that spoiled because of neglect and corruption in the previous Christian Democrat government , a statement from the information service SISAL said . 
Third-quarter sales of U.S. credit services were `` disappointingly below sales '' of a year earlier , Dun & Bradstreet said . 
It is probably continuing and may well account for most of , or all of , present-day global warming . 
@ 
MiniScribe Corp. , Longmont , Colo. , said it introduced a one-inch high , 80-megabyte hard disk drive that it hopes will prove popular with makers of high-performance laptop and portable computers . 
Researchers at Plant Genetic Systems N.V. in Belgium said they have developed a genetic engineering technique for creating hybrid plants for a number of key crops . 
The estimated earthquake losses are low compared with the $ 4 billion in claims that insurers face from Hurricane Hugo , which ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month . 
Mr. Mitchell has made clear to his wavering colleagues that the issue is important to him personally . 
Earlier this year , Black & Decker put three Emhart businesses on the auction block : the information and electronics segment , the Dynapert electrical assembly business and Mallory Capacitors . 
It has won about 15 % of the retail PC market . 
Mr. Stein said some retailers -- perhaps anxious about minimizing inventories -- appear to have held back on orders in September but have been ordering more heavily in October . 
Mr. Johnson , 45 years old , has been a consultant on strategy to Fannie Mae for the past 3 1\/2 years . 
Also , Teodulo Mabellini 's `` Lux aeterna '' was intriguingly scored and splendidly put across by Mr. Rilling . 
Those percentages hardly changed from the previous year 's poll . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Cincinnati Bell fell 25 cents to $ 29 . 
`` Generalizations about value are n't useful , '' says New York money manager John LeFrere of Delta Capital Management . 
Robert White , a vice president and manager of corporate trade at First Interstate of California , agreed with that view and predicted the U.S. federal funds rate will drop to between 7 3\/4 % and 8 % within 60 days from its current level at 8 13\/16 % . 
Four other unions have yet to vote , but their leadership also recommended approval . 
`` But many newspapers are facing similar comparisons . '' 
Actually , the funds do fluctuate , but beyond the third decimal place . 
That means the fund is n't obligated to pay anything , at least so far . 
`` Most traders will be looking to buy { on } pullbacks , '' he said . 
Institutional investors that must evaluate poison pills on a regular basis are interested less in this general debate than in the answers to specific questions about the corporation issuing the pill . 
The company , based in Twinsburg , Ohio , said its operating profit before depreciation and amortization increased 51 % , to $ 9.2 million from $ 6.1 million . 
Wall Street has all but conceded on the issue and is now lobbying for the less onerous Senate version of one of the provisions . 
Holiday said operating income related to gaming increased 4.5 % to a record $ 61.4 million from $ 58.8 million a year earlier . 
But Foothills said it plans to seek regulatory approval to build an alternative line , the Alaska Natural Gas Transportation System further north toward Alaska . 
Separately , the hotel and gambling giant said it was proceeding with plans to make a tender offer and solicit consents with respect to approximately $ 1.4 billion of its publicly traded debt . 
Last May , a government panel released a report on the extent and causes of the problem . 
The Treasury 's report , which is required annually by a provision of the 1988 trade act , again took South Korea to task for its exchange-rate policies . 
`` Now that the supply situation seems to be improving , it would be best for traders to switch their concentration to the demand side . '' 
The latest results include a $ 2.6 million one-time payment from a `` foreign entity . '' 
As Mr. Vinson explains it , `` We do n't control the facts . 
A Turner spokesman would n't speculate on the extent of the charge 's effect on the quarter 's earnings , but said the company continues to expect to report a net loss for 1989 . 
Even when it became clear this spring that demand was n't coming up to expectations , Chrysler officials `` resisted '' cutting output because Cherokee and Wagoneer are `` very profitable vehicles , '' the spokesman said . 
September orders for all U.S. producers , in fact , were slightly above the monthly average for 1988 , a good year for the industry . 
The state bar association 's policy making body , the House of Delegate , voted Saturday to ask Chief Judge Sol Wachtler to give the bar 's voluntary program three years to prove its effectiveness before considering mandatory pro bono . 
`` We 're trading with a very wary eye on Wall Street , '' said Trevor Woodland , chief corporate trader at Harris Trust & Savings Bank in New York . 
Some money managers are disenchanted with H&R Block because they suspect the company 's glory days are past , or at least passing . 
Meanwhile , a federal jury found Mr. Bilzerian guilty on securities fraud and other charges in June . 
Price : $ 4.50 ) . 
A friend mentioned that she might want to look into a position at Aetna , if she was interested in a job that would constantly challenge her . 
Under a post-1987 crash reform , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange would n't permit the December S&P futures to fall further than 12 points for a half hour . 
Some traders pointed hopefully to earlier estimates by UAL 's investment adviser , First Boston Corp. , that recapitalizations could yield $ 245 to $ 280 a share . 
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Loral closed at $ 33.25 , down 37.5 cents . 
The scars will be here years after the polls close . '' 
Congress would be required to make a hard decision , and Congress would much prefer to leave the hard decision to the Fed and retain its rights of complaint after the fact . 
In fact , several London markets already offer lower costs for trading in the same or very similar contracts . 
Both the MNC and Beneficial offering were underwritten by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , the leading Wall Street firm in the home-equity securities market , which was created early this year . 
Included in the three-year contract are options for two one-year renewals . 
Consumers would still be able to buy some food and household goods at subsidized prices , but luxury and imported items , including food , would be sold at market prices . 
`` We were being overrun , '' says Steve Fiala , trails coordinator of the East Bay Regional Park District . 
Under one count , Gulf Power would plead guilty to conspiring to violate the Utility Holding Company Act . 
Air-raid sirens sounded the alarm at 2:25 a.m. , summoning 12,000 air wardens to duty . 
`` Either way , I have a problem with how quickly he 's changed . '' 
Morton Downey Jr. , who self-destructed as a talk-show host and frequently verbally abused his guests , has been signed to co-host a half-hour nightly program on the Consumer News and Business Channel , the cable channel partly owned by the General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co . 
The suit , which seeks compensatory and punitive damages of $ 1 million , alleges that the firing of Marcia Trees Levine violated New York state 's human-rights law . 
Mr. Train is president of Train , Smith Investment Counsel , New York . 
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial-product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline . 
Moreover , they note that LTV may be trying to send a signal to major customers , such as Chrysler Corp. and Whirlpool Corp. , that steelmakers need more money . 
Susumu Ohara , president of Nihon Keizai Shinbun America Inc. , publisher of the Japan Economic Journal , said he receives telephone calls weekly from media bankers on whether his parent company is interested in buying a U.S. consumer or business magazine . 
If a TV weatherman gets butterflies facing the camera again after a questionable forecast , Donald H. Straszheim surely understands . 
So the Federal Reserve is an attractive target for complaint by politicians . 
Hooker is based in Sydney , Australia . 
He bought at share prices ranging from $ 9.375 to $ 9.625 . 
If the battle continues much longer , many fast-food businesses will close or merge , predicts Vincent Morrissey , who owns a string of Kentucky Fried Chicken stores in the Midwest . 
Mr. Eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to evolve and adapt to local changes , but he feels that the Sino-British agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future . 
The action was confined to Nasdaq 's biggest and most liquid stocks , traders said . 
Several months ago , it also added black health and beauty aids displays to many stores , a spokeswoman said . 
Meanwhile , total fabrication demand for silver has risen six years in a row , he says . 
Previously , patent cases moved through the court system to one of the 12 circuit appeals courts . 
Rep. Waxman and Democratic Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts have proposed regulation to deal with the problem . 
`` Such a deadline is attainable , but it would have costs , '' Mr. Greenspan told Rep. Neal 's monetary policy subcommittee . 
Most energy futures opened lower , following Wednesday 's market downturn . 
`` If prices in the States go down , industrial buyers in Europe have the opportunity of getting reasonable prices in the U.S. , '' says Francois von Hurter , chief of Continential M&A at Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd . 
The farmer at the next truck shouts , `` Wheat ! 
For the past couple of years , Westmoreland has undertaken an aggressive streamlining of all aspects of its business . 
Dealers also note that the general lack of enthusiasm for the yen has helped bolster the U.S. dollar . 
But Bouygues said its first-half profit is n't indicative of the full-year trend because of the highly seasonal nature of many of the company 's activities . 
An ITT spokesman said the charge was n't publicly reported at the time . 
The publishing unit reported revenue edged up 2.6 % to $ 263.2 million from $ 256.6 million . 
As factors contributing to the temporary slowdown , he cited one-time rate reductions prescribed by California regulators as a prelude to a new framework that removes profit constraints . 
For the nine months , Norton had net of $ 81.2 million , or $ 3.87 a share , and a tax credit of $ 4.4 million . 
The donations so far appear to be small , especially compared with the huge sums that changed hands in the Recruit Co . influence-peddling scandal that plagued the ruling party last year . 
Other RJR issues fell between 1\/2 point and 1 1\/2 point . 
In East Berlin , Communist Party officials considered legalizing New Forum , the country 's largest opposition alliance , as about 20,000 demonstrators staged protests in three cities to press demands for democratic freedoms . 
Instead , he says , if the salespeople can get the customers to consider Wang 's products on their merits , he or a top financial officer will try to assuage the fears about finances . 
In the September issue of Scientific American , Thomas E. Graedel , distinguished member of the technical staff at AT&T Bell Laboratories , and Paul J. Crutzen , director of the air chemistry division of the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz , West Germany , wrote , `` It is now quite evident that chlorofluorocarbons , particularly CFC-11 and CFC-12 are the major culprits responsible for ozone depletion . '' 
Dow said it already has agreements with Albert J. Smith Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of PSE , and certain other officers of the company under which Dow may buy about 40 % of the PSE common shares outstanding . 
Racial gerrymandering -- creating separate black and white districts -- says that we have discarded that belief in our ability to live together and govern ourselves as one people . 
He notes that most of the net sales drop stemmed from a three-day period following the Friday the 13th plunge . 
Thus , he asserts , Lloyd 's ca n't react quickly to competition . 
Japan 's biggest women 's underwear maker , Wacoal Corp. , said that it developed a sports car that it plans to market in two years . 
Mr. Paul says that he has feelers out over much of the globe and that potential buyers from as far away as Japan and Italy have examined the collection . 
Ciba-Geigy Ltd. and Chiron Corp. said they extended their offer for Connaught BioSciences Inc. , valued at 866 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 736 million ) to Oct. 27 . 
The switch to London underscores the fact that despite the economic restructuring associated with European Community efforts to develop a single market by 1992 , European stock trading remains a highly fragmented and very localized activity . 
A woman in a three-story apartment was able to walk out the window of the third floor onto street level after the quake . 
Critics say Mitsubishi Estate 's decision to buy into Rockefeller reflects the degree to which companies are irritated by the pressure to act for the good of Japan . 
The amendment , offered by Rep. Douglas Bosco ( D. , Calif. ) , was approved 283-132 during debate on a bill designed to strengthen the Transportation Department 's authority in dealing with leveraged buy-outs of airlines . 
10 billion yen of 6 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1992 , priced at 101.225 to yield 6.056 % via IBJ International . 
Separately , Fannie Mae issued $ 400 million of Remic mortgage securities in 12 classes through First Boston Corp . 
However , the Panama episode has raised questions about whether the NSC staff is sufficiently big , diverse and powerful to coordinate U.S. policy on tough issues . 
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock-index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts . 
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar . 
UAL has fallen $ 87.25 , or 31 % , in the three trading days since disclosure of the buy-out 's collapse jolted the stock market . 
We ca n't lose sight of that . 
The issue yields 8.90 % and carries a guarantee covering 9 % of the deal from the company . 
When he was hired , Mr. Payne lauded Mr. Decker 's `` extraordinary ... skills '' and his `` outstanding reputation as one of the West 's brightest bankers . '' 
`` If you say sell anytime a company 's price\/earnings ratio exceeds 15 , that knocks out all your growth stocks , '' he says . 
Brokers clutching thick folders stand in lines , waiting their turn to speak to the underwriters . 
It noted , however , that it has n't determined any specific terms of a possible transaction . 
Last week , the surprise resignation of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson sent the British pound into a tailspin . 
Mr. Lesk could n't be reached to comment . 
The most significant changes in department policy are new requirements that federal prosecutors avoid disrupting `` the normal business functions '' of companies charged under the racketeering law , a senior department official said . 
One problem is that the Internal Revenue Service has decided that the investment earnings and gains of the sponsors ' funds are taxable . 
National Convenience Stores Inc. , trying to shake the doldrums in the convenience-store business , said it will rearrange the merchandise in all of its stores in the next 18 months to cater better to the neighborhoods around its stores . 
Merck 's profit climbed 25 % , Warner-Lambert 's 22 % and Eli Lilly 's 24 % . 
Chrysler Corp. estimates that health costs add $ 700 to the price of each of its cars , about $ 300 to $ 500 more per car than foreign competitors pay for health . 
Britain 's Serious Fraud Office said it will investigate the circumstances surrounding alleged phantom contracts at Ferranti International Signal PLC 's International Signal & Control unit . 
Mr. Russo , 38 years old , previously was first vice president , public affairs and advertising , at the banking unit . 
The charges consist of : a $ 25 million after-tax charge to cover cost overruns in Ashland 's Riley Consolidated subsidiary ; a previously announced $ 38 million after-tax charge resulting from a $ 325 million settlement with National Iranian Oil Co. and a $ 15 million after-tax charge from the previously announced sale of its Ashland Technology Corp. subsidiary . 
That would leave USX essentially an oil company with Marathon as its core . 
Shell Canada , an oil and gas producer and marketer , is a unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group , an Anglo-Dutch concern . 
Not really ! 
Over at the fiberglass factory , four white workers assemble water tanks on their own , and in their spare time they build townhouses across the road . 
Yet that has n't discouraged investors . 
Most of the land in that and other parts of the Delta are now owned by second , third or fourth generations of the same families . 
He would n't elaborate . 
Suppliers and subcontractors are experiencing heightened pressure to support delivery schedules . 
The latest period includes net gains of $ 32 million in non-recurring credits from the sale of properties , indicating operating losses for the quarter in the oil and gas division . 
Odds and Ends 
But he said Turner Broadcasting already has found some ideas that might work well as films for theatrical release in the U.S. . 
Weisfield 's had about 1.1 million shares outstanding as of July 31 . 
Ownership , it seems , is the best fertilizer . 
The executive recalls Mr. Corry whispering to him and others , `` Remember , this was Dave 's deal . '' 
Barry Frank , the agent who took Mr. Pilson to lunch last March , says that even if CBS loses , say , $ 10 million , it matters little . 
The Financial Times 30-share index ended 13.6 higher at 1772.1 . 
Craig Torres contributed to this article . 
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said . 
UNESCO somehow converted the founding U.N. ideals of individual rights and liberty into `` peoples ' rights . '' 
The index gained 527.39 Tuesday . 
But that was off less than at midyear , when completions lagged by 27.1 % . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton gave small investors some welcome news by announcing that it would no longer handle index-arbitrage-related program trades for its accounts . 
Digital Equipment 's profit fell 32 % in the latest quarter , prompting forecasts of weaker results ahead . 
Mr. Paul was eager to assemble a collection for the headquarters CenTrust has been moving into for the greater part of a year . 
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 . 
Moreover , some analysts said they expect a foreign paper company with deeper pockets than Georgia-Pacific to end up acquiring Nekoosa , signaling to the rest of the industry that hostile bids are unproductive . 
Regie Nationale des Usines Renault , the French auto maker , has a concept car called the Megane . 
`` The shareholders effectively will support the share price by clearing the share buy-back . '' 
Mr. Pilson emphasizes the ancillary benefits of positive press , contented affiliate stations , enthusiastic advertisers and huge audiences that might stick around to watch other CBS programs when the game is over . 
We did n't stampede into it , we slithered and slipped down the long slope , and now we have as its quintessential symbol a former president huckstering for a foreign poohbah . 
Jaguar topped the most-active list for the U.S. over-the-counter market Monday . 
Yoshiaki Mitsuoka , head of the investment information department at Daiwa Investment Trust & Management , said that if New York stocks just fluctuate in or near their current range , the Tokyo market will remain firm with a moderately upward trend for the rest of the year . 
Manhattan U.S. Attorney Otto Obermaier said it was the first time ever that the government had obtained any disgorgement from an organized crime figure indicted under the civil racketeering law . 
He believes that the task facing Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan is so difficult that it resembles `` juggling a double-bladed ax and a buzz saw . '' 
Elections in this large , diverse and passionate nation are always hard to predict . 
Sales of information-processing products and electric parts increased a strong 22 % to 236.23 billion yen from 194.24 billion yen and accounted for 46 % of total sales . 
Wall Street traders say that , with institutional brokerage commissions far lower than in the 1970s , securities firms ca n't afford to take the risk of buying too much stock . 
That 's because municipal-bond interest is exempt from federal income tax -- and from state and local taxes too , for in-state investors . 
Highlights of the bills , as currently framed , are : -- A restriction on the amount of real estate one family can own , to 660 square meters in the nation 's six largest cities , but more in smaller cities and rural areas . 
Starpointe holders , who approved the plan last April , will receive $ 21 in cash a share , or a total $ 63 million . 
Beijing officials have said they will step up the campaign of arrests and intimidation against those who participated in the demonstrations . 
Dunkin ' Donuts , based in Randolph , Mass. , previously said it would explore `` alternatives , '' including a leveraged buy-out of the company , but had n't set a date for submission of proposals . 
Perhaps most dramatic was the performance of the metropolitan New York real-estate market , which was booming until I entered it in late 1988 , at which time it posted the first negative compound annual growth rate in years . 
He said IBM has priced its leases aggressively , thinking that would help win business . 
Judge Merhige will make the appointment . 
Wednesday , October 25 , 1989 
Typical of other experiments , Mr. Oriani said his experiment was `` very erratic . '' 
Imports continued to outpace Philippine exports , despite gains in shipments abroad , the government National Statistics Office said . 
Congress has enough difficulty dealing with the realities of the world as it currently exists . 
Meanwhile , there was an awful lot of confusion . 
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor . 
Graphics , communications and peripheral control chips were combined because , increasingly , multiple functions are being governed by a single chip . 
Linda Aldridge , who does full-body work in Pittsburgh , says that while on-site massage is better than nothing , tired workers should realize it is only the tip of the iceberg . 
The long-running scandal surrounding the 1982 collapse of Banco Ambrosiano was reignited by the arrest last week of Rome businessman Flavio Carboni on fraud charges . 
`` I went out to Todd { Burns , the A 's reliever } and told him that we were n't gon na let this guy beat us , '' said Oakland catcher Terry Steinbach of the decisive confrontation with Mitchell , the National League 's reigning home-run king . 
The drug is being used primarily to treat anemias . 
Concerns about the pace of the Vienna talks -- which are aimed at the destruction of some 100,000 weapons , as well as major reductions and realignments of troops in central Europe -- also are being registered at the Pentagon . 
The offering , Series 1989-86 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
The company is trying to fend off a hostile bid by two European shipping firms . 
About 20,000 years ago the last ice age ended . 
Cipher Data Products Inc. posted a net loss of $ 14.2 million , or 97 cents a share , for its fiscal first quarter , compared with net income of $ 3.8 million , or 27 cents a share , a year ago . 
He was succeeded by John Major , who Friday expressed a desire for a firm pound and supported the relatively high British interest rates that he said `` are working exactly as intended '' in reducing inflation . 
Right now , Mr. Hulings is waving his racing program , cheering for Karnak on the Nile , a sleek thoroughbred galloping down the home stretch . 
HUD says the project does n't qualify , and Mr. Kemp says that rock 'n' roll musicians and the music industry ought to put up the money . 
It has more drug users than Boston has people . 
His dismissal triggered a furor among intellectuals that continues today . 
John Barry Ventura , Calif . 
He added : `` There 's probably even a magazine for left-handed golfers ... but the general interest magazine is something we all miss , and it should come back . '' 
The aspect of being a mega-lawyer is n't as important . '' 
Needless to say , it was an interesting first session ! 
CRRES is a joint NASA-Air Force satellite to study the effects of space radiation on micro-electronic components . 
While Wall Street 's tough times and lower U.S. interest rates continue to undermine the dollar , weakness in the pound and the yen is expected to offset those factors . 
But this is a production designed and directed by Franco Zeffirelli and paid for by Sybil Harrington , who has no need to count her pennies , unlike Violetta , down to 20 louis at the opera 's end . 
`` Suddenly CDC ( Control Data ) has a competitive product to fight back against the VAX9000 , '' a machine Digital announced last month , he added . 
Japanese steel companies are apparently focusing on domestic sales , but the official said it does n't necessarily mean that local sales contracts are increasing that markedly . 
Mr. Falls , the Goodman 's artistic director , took a recent adaptation by Neil Bartlett and significantly adapted it . 
( Another much-beloved saying , however , this one in plain English , holds that if something walks like a duck and quacks like a duck , it is a duck . 
Some couples continue to try . 
Elisa Byler , a St. Louis masseuse , won over officials at Emerson Electric Co. , a maker of electrical and electronic equipment , by providing documents and other articles trumpeting the therapeutic benefits of massage . 
Quarterly revenue rose 4.5 % , to $ 2.3 billion from $ 2.2 billion . 
For the past year or two , the carpet division 's operating profit margins have hovered around 5 % , high by industry standards , but disappointing compared with the 13 % to 19 % margins for two of Armstrong 's chief businesses , flooring and building products . 
Market Data Retrieval is a compiler of educational information and provides related services . 
Options traders were hurt worse than others on Friday because of the highly volatile nature of options , which often rise or fall in value several times the amount of the price change in the individual stock or index of stocks on which they are based . 
And the Treasury said residents of the San Francisco area will be able to cash in savings bonds even if they have n't held them for the minimum six-month period . 
Even if Wall Street finds ways around the new rules , a Senate aide contends LBOs will become somewhat more difficult . 
They 're small time in the small time-hotels ( not the best ones ) and restaurants in Seattle . 
The dollar finished at its intraday highs . 
`` We believe that every drug that 's marketed to a consumer should have a consumer label , '' said Douglas Teich of the Public Citizen Health Research Group , a Ralph Nader affiliate . 
Traditionally , boiler rooms operate on the cheap , since few , if any , customers ever visit their offices . 
The education establishment will fight against common sense every inch of the way . 
Dean Steinkuhler , a spectacularly bulked-up former lineman , confesses that he used 'em , and says other Huskers did too . 
A year earlier UniFirst earned $ 2.4 million , or 24 cents a share adjusted for the split . 
From 1974 to 1984 , prices for the best yearlings at the summer sales rose 918 % to an average of $ 544,681 . 
It largely rested on its hard-to-fault demographics : 10.8 million subscribers in the first half , up from 10.5 million a year ago ; an average age of 42 for readers -- at the height of their consuming years ; loyalty to the tune of an 85 % average subscription renewal rate . 
The FBI had said it would not be able to begin processing the request until June 
Industry analysts suggest that the conquest of Falconbridge could vault Trelleborg from a regional Scandinavian success story to a world-class mining concern . 
We will not know until a first generation of female guinea pigs -- all of whom will be more than happy to volunteer for the job -- has put the abortion pill through the clinical test of time . 
`` He has good investments . '' 
Specter , the vice chairman of the Senate 's evidence panel , said there was `` insufficient evidence to convict '' the Miami jurist . 
The Control Data deal is a boon for Mips because it gives the the five-year-old company one more ally as it battles more established electronic concerns such as Sun , Hewlett-Packard Co. , Motorola Inc. and Intel Corp. for the emerging market for RISC machines . 
The ads are just the latest evidence of how television advertising is getting faster on the draw . 
100 million Swiss francs of 6 1\/8 % privately placed notes due Sept. 30 , 1996 , priced at 100 3\/4 to yield 5.99 % via Citicorp Investment Bank Switzerland . 
That is the state of Japan 's computer industry . 
When the market stabilized , he added , the firm sold the bonds and quickly paid the loans back . 
The stock closed at $ 38.50 on heavy volume of about 3.5 million shares . 
It 's focused on streamlining '' PWA 's fleet in a bid to cut training and aircraft servicing costs , the analyst said . 
They added that `` all of us ( Cocom members ) look at the changes in Hungary and Poland in a positive way , but a question of this scope deserves further discussion and study . '' 
Other scandal survivors are sometimes the best source of solace . 
But the foundation bylaws require the entire Trelleborg stake to be sold in the open market if control drops below 50 % . 
Net income included a gain of $ 708,000 on asset sales , the real estate investment trust said . 
Even with that power show , though , the Oakland Series ' star , certified by the Most Valuable Player award , was a pitcher , Dave Stewart . 
Ms. Chung 's program is just one of several network shows ( and many more in syndication ) that rely on the controversial technique of reconstructing events , using actors who are supposed to resemble real people , living and dead . 
Meanwhile , Bear Stearns Chairman and Chief Executive Alan C. Greenberg said his firm will continue stock-index arbitrage for its clients . 
Just before the actual closing arguments , the firm put the case to a vote of the five shadow jurors , each of whom was being paid $ 150 a day . 
There already are proposals pending in Congress to overhaul pesticide law . 
The December contract reached its life-of-contract low of $ 975 a ton on Oct. 11 ; its lifetime high was $ 1,735 , set in 1988 , and its recent high was $ 1,368 , set in early August . 
Jimmy Carter went further in a 1976 campaign promise : `` If I become president , I 'll make every piece of information this country has about UFO sightings available to the public , and the scientists . 
His answer is one `` possessed of a dignity in keeping with his position . '' 
Mr. Bush has said he personally approves of abortions in the cases of rape , incest and danger to the life of the mother . 
The Treasury marked up its forecast by $ 17 million in July , but that proved to be about $ 5 billion too optimistic . 
The Castle Harlan group includes Walter Sieckman , former chief operating officer of Sharon , and Wolfgang Jansen , former executive vice president . 
Exchange officials emphasized that the Big Board is considering a variety of actions to deal with program trading . 
Yet with the smooth confirmation of Anthony Kennedy , an `` 80 percenter '' only slightly less supportive of judicial restraint than Mr. Bork , the Democrats may have won the battle but lost the war . 
All this causes Rep. Hyde to muse about an alternate way to drum up more enthusiasm . 
As Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev has opened up the country to foreign trade , the discrepancy has become ever greater . 
Thus far , almost all of the basic technology relating to high-definition television has come from U.S. laboratories . 
Last year , the company had a nine-month loss of $ 15.1 million , or 23 cents a share . 
Meanwhile , the big players have n't tried to copy the NEC standard . 
His commanding officer at the Chiriqui Province garrison , Major Omar Torrijos , gave him an intriguing assignment : Mr. Noriega would organize the province 's first intelligence service . 
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil-producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles . 
Alcan Aluminium was an exception , as it gained 1 3\/8 to 23 on two million shares . 
The government built ports , bridges , highways , schools , hospitals and railways . 
'' In such circumstances , free-speech interests outweighed the interests of the copyright owner . 
He noted that for the first time in months there was some light investor interest in the metals . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
A PaineWebber analyst said that in light of a new estimate of a production increase of four million metric tons and only a modest increase in consumption , sugar is n't likely to rise above the top of its trading range without a crop problem in a major producing country . 
The third principal in the South Gardens adventure did have garden experience . 
But he thinks investors may be overreacting to the market 's problems . 
`` He 's as busy as he was as speaker , '' reports Mr. Wright 's administrative aide , Larry Shannon . 
As he stands on a hill at the beginning of a six-day motor expedition from Oxfordshire to Cornwall , where a former housekeeper resides , perhaps the victim of an unhappy 20-year marriage , perhaps ( he hopes with more fervor than he will ever acknowledge ) not disinclined to return to domestic service , Stevens surveys the view and thereby provides a self-portrait , a credo and the author 's metaphor for the aesthetic of the novel we 're reading : 
Bureaucrats may deserve their bad reputation , after all . 
The report showed that deaths on urban interstate highways rose 7 % between 1986 and last year , while fatalities on non-interstate roads were about the same in 1988 as in 1986 . 
After four years , though , the South Gardens design is 100 % uncollaborated Jennifer Bartlett . 
Nynex said access lines in service at the end of the quarter were off 18,000 from the previous quarter , which reported an increase of 160,000 new access lines . 
The Democratic lawmaker fits a pattern of younger reformers arising out of old machines , but his ties to Camden remain a sore point because of the county 's past corruption . 
The following month , the company put itself up for sale . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Edelman said from Sept. 29 to Oct. 13 , he acquired 309,500 shares of Intelogic common shares for $ 2.25 to $ 2.375 each . 
In the best of times , the Bay Bridge is the worst commute in the region , often experiencing back-ups of 20 to 30 minutes or more . 
`` Keep some money available for opportunities , '' he says . 
`` All life is about change -- either you adapt or die , '' says one Chicago futures trader . 
You see , Marshall had this thing about the Navy and the Marines -- he wanted to make them part of the Army but Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal blocked him . 
The other element includes consolidating BethForge 's press-forge operations . 
The plant and its 8,500 employees gradually will resume operations over the next several days , the company said . 
Northrop Corp. 's third-quarter net income fell 25 % to $ 21.5 million , or 46 cents a share , while General Dynamics Corp. reported nearly flat earnings of $ 76.5 million , or $ 1.83 a share . 
But for all their intellectual and stylistic differences , they make the perfect `` good cop , bad cop '' team , Hollywood associates say . 
: American Suzuki Motor Corp. , Brea , Calif. , awarded its estimated $ 10 million to $ 30 million account to Asher\/Gould , Los Angeles . 
I have plenty more at home . '' 
He cautions that early damage estimates are often low ; the damage totals in Hurricane Hugo increased tenfold as more information was received . 
The farmer leaves . 
The country 's narcotics traffickers claimed responsibility for the slaying . 
P&G 's U.S. shipments were up just 1 % , partly because the company decided to shift more promotions and sales for health and beauty products to the fiscal second quarter . 
`` We have obtained through the development of Cosmos { the Soviet space program } technologies you do n't see anywhere else . '' 
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
Others grab books , records , photo albums , sofas and chairs , working frantically in the fear that an aftershock will jolt the house again . 
An options contract gives the holder the right to buy ( call ) or sell ( put ) a specific amount of stock , or in this case the value of a stock index , based on a predetermined price within a given time period . 
Lawmakers in Hungary approved legislation granting amnesty to many people convicted of crimes punishable by less than three years in prison . 
While Remic issuance may slow in the coming days because of the shift in the Treasury yield curve , underwriters continued to crank out new real estate mortgage investment conduits structured when the yield curve was more favorable . 
Then they completed the other side of the trade by buying futures , which abruptly halted the stock market 's decline as traders began to buy stocks . 
U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh 's plan to dissolve the 14 regional organized-crime strike forces is expected to go into effect next month , despite the opposition of Democratic congressional leaders and lawyers in the special units . 
Yet the Rothschilds do n't deny an emotional element to the decision . 
As the campaign hits the home stretch , however , voters still have very little idea what they can expect from him . 
Mr. Dozen joined Daiwa upon his graduation from Kyoto University in 1959 . 
The conversion price is $ 9.58 a share . 
It is also the kind of libel politicians find useful , since it helps them strike a friendly posture on behalf of an important constituency . 
But traders said the market lacks a base on which to set long-term buying strategy , as the future direction of U.S. interest rates remains unclear . 
Energy Service Co. -- 9.5 million common shares , via Alex . 
In his haste to seal the deal with Tiger Chairman Saul Steinberg last August , Mr. Smith ignored a promise that he had made to his own pilots three years ago : that any fliers acquired in future mergers would be `` end-tailed '' -- put at the bottom of the pilot seniority list that determines work schedules , pay and career options . 
The panel 's action occurs in a politically charged atmosphere surrounding recent buy-out proposals , their apparent collapse and the volatile conditions in the stock market . 
`` At the time we had only daughters , '' explains the 72-year-old patriarch , `` so we had to close the bank . '' 
Digital Equipment announced its first mainframe computers , targeting IBM 's largest market and heating up the industry 's biggest rivalry . 
Of the 17.6 million rights units issued , just under 17 million were exercised before the Oct. 10 expiration of the offering , the insurance holding company said . 
The debentures were issued in the face amount of $ 46 million on July 11 , 1988 , the Ashland , Ky. , coal mining , water transportation and construction company said . 
Professional Crisco products are specially made for the foodservice industry . 
This forecast was based on the apparent reversal of most of the negative forces -- such as demographic changes , the oil shock and accelerating inflation -- that had reduced productivity gains in the 1970s . 
Much of HUD 's spending actually is disguised welfare for developers or the middle class . 
And they prepare all their people to increase the speed and improve the quality of their own work . 
They 're bound to exaggerate . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange rose to 198.1 million shares from 166.9 million Wednesday . 
Federal Express and Flying Tiger , as separate companies , carried a combined 2.6 million tons . 
The quivers move through my house every few minutes at unpredictable intervals , and the mouse that 's been living in my kitchen has taken refuge under my desk . 
Mr. Trotter 's painting showed a wall of wood boards with painted ribbons tacked down in a rectangle ; tucked behind the ribbons were envelopes , folded , faded and crumpled papers and currency . 
Wessels & Pautsch , a small St. Charles law firm , plans to mail 500 customers a list of its lawyers ' new phone and fax numbers as well as updated Rolodex cards . 
They accuse the Democrats of unfairly using Senate rules to erect a 60-vote hurdle . 
The picture , to be made in the Central American country of San Elvador , is a cover for sending $ 800 million of arms to Los Otros , the rebel group attempting to regain neighboring Ambigua , which has been taken over by the leftist dictator Dr. Overtega , a former podiatrist , who leads a revolutionary band of foot soldiers . 
Adds Stacy Kotman , an economist at Georgia State University , `` There 's nothing positive about an earthquake , but it will probably generate more construction activity . '' 
But when foreign traders tried to do business , they discovered that the eagerness of Chinese trade officials was just a smokescreen . 
Why is he cashing in now ? 
He said he was surprised by the EC 's reaction , calling it `` vehement , even frenetic . '' 
NEC forecast sales for the year ending next March 31 of 2.74 trillion yen , an increase of 27 % from the previous fiscal year . 
Mr. Dinkins 's inner circle of advisers appears to include both ideologues and pragmatists , leaving voters with little clue as to who will be more influential . 
Last Friday , takeover traders spilled out of Hilton , knocking the stock down 21 1\/2 to 85 . 
Witnesses have said the grand jury has asked numerous questions about Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton , the senior vice president of Gulf Power who died in the plane crash in April . 
This is no place for pedestrians , but at 7:30 on a recent morning , when construction choked traffic at the famous Four Corners intersection to one lane , a taxi passenger found it faster to abandon the cab and walk to her destination . 
Jeffrey Nichols , president of APMS Canada , Toronto precious metals advisers , said there is little to motivate gold traders to buy the metal . 
The company 's U.S. subsidiary , Matsushita Electric Corp. of America , had donated over $ 35,000 worth of Matsushita-made flashlights and batteries to residents shortly after the disaster , a company spokesman said . 
The word `` death '' can not be escaped entirely by the industry , but salesmen dodge it wherever possible or cloak it in euphemisms , preferring to talk about `` savings '' and `` investment '' instead . 
For the nine months , the Morris Township , N.J.-based company , with businesses in aerospace , automotive products and engineered materials , earned $ 413 million , or $ 2.77 cents a share , up 15 % from $ 359 million , or $ 2.40 a share . 
Reflecting better growth prospects abroad , McDonald 's noted that as of Sept. 30 more stores were under construction overseas than a year ago , while the opposite was true for domestic expansion . 
CBS will air the Super Bowl , baseball playoffs , college and pro basketball finals and other premier sports events . 
He said Mr. Klein will return to his post at the end of the trial `` at which he will be vindicated . '' 
A unified Germany that remained within the Western alliance would give Germany such an overshadowing position that all other members of a unified Europe would become vassals of the German state . 
`` The Soviet Union has a lot of know-how , but it has been difficult to put that into actual production because of various structural problems in the economy , '' says Mr. Shapovalov , the Foreign Ministry official . 
The bank also said it expects to report a $ 1.42 billion loss for the third quarter and a loss for the full year . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Moreover , serious questions have been raised about the claimed withdrawal of Soviet forces . 
Fortunately , volunteers and charities are not motivated by self-interest , but by altruism . 
British Airways dropped out of the current bidding for United Air 's parent , leaving a UAL management-pilots group without a key partner . 
Both the pilots and machinists have made it clear that they intend to block any transaction they do n't like . 
In other words , it was a better-than-average Manhattan commute . 
During Winter Carnival week , for example , visitors at Sunday River in Maine can take a hot-air balloon ride . 
According to a report widely circulating in East Berlin , it was Mr. Krenz who ordered police to stop using excessive force against demonstrators in Leipzig . 
Ponce Federal said the dividend was suspended in anticipation of more stringent capital requirements under the Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery , and Enforcement Act of 1989 . 
The Financial Accounting Foundation voted 12-2 that FASB accounting rules supercede GASB rules in regard to utilities , hospitals , and colleges and universities owned by the government . 
At Kidder , Peabody & Co. 's Sacramento branch , Manager Janet White received calls yesterday morning from workers in San Francisco who offered to work in Sacramento . 
John Fitzsimmons , chief executive officer of Data Systems , said the company was profitable and expected sales of nearly $ 100 million this year . 
This puts upon enforcers the burden of proving outright fraud or misrepresentation , and such actions have been brought against hundreds of charities recently . 
The move was made because of the bank-holding company 's increased profitability , officials said . 
They did me some good . 
The journalistic consensus was that the earthquake made the World Series seem unimportant . 
The $ 500 million in notes , the largest chunk of Western Union 's $ 640 million in long-term debt , stems from the company 's major restructuring in December 1987 . 
September program trading amounted to 13.8 % of average daily New York Stock Exchange volume of 151.8 million shares , the largest percentage since the exchange began making such figures public in July 1988 . 
But if a raider takes over when the stock is weak , the shareholder never gets his recovery . 
Old Stone repeated projections that it will be profitable for the fourth quarter and will about break even for the year . 
Bush administration officials say inflation is under control . 
Roderick D. Reed III , who was also chief operating officer of FirstSouth , could receive a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine . 
Of immediate concern is whether the Thatcher government will continue Mr. Lawson 's policy of tracking the monetary policies of the West German Bundesbank and responding in kind when the Frankfurt authorities move interest rates . 
An improvisational section was built around pieces by Mr. Douglas , beginning with `` Golden Rain , '' a lilting , laid-back lead in to the uptempo `` Sky , '' which gave Mr. Stoltzman the opportunity to wail in a high register and show off his fleet fingers . 
Revenue was flat at $ 2.59 billion . 
Sales were $ 12 billion , off 13 % from $ 13.8 billion . 
It expects a $ 1.42 billion quarterly loss . 
That is the conclusion of a report released by the New York State Bar Association . 
Since he concentrated on the economic folly of such ordinances , he did n't mention certain other of their effects . 
But in art-world parlance , Mr. Paul 's holdings are `` burnt . '' 
Chemical earnings fell 10 % , reflecting softening of demand . 
In the first nine months , 1,977 transactions were announced , up 15 % from 1,716 in the year-earlier period . 
The highest patent damage award to date was in 1986 , when Smith International Inc. was ordered to pay $ 205 million to Baker Hughes Inc. for infringing on a patent on an oil drilling bit seal . 
Also , financial planners advising on insurance say that to their knowledge there has not yet been a tax ruling exempting these advance payments from taxes . 
Paper and forest-products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia-Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity . 
Charlie Brown is selling out . 
The Tokyo maker of ceramic capacitors said it purchased a plant in Plymouth . 
Mr. Nolan is a contributing editor at Los Angeles Magazine . 
At Chrysler 's 1990 model preview last month , Chrysler Motors President Robert A. Lutz said the No. 3 auto maker , along with other U.S. manufacturers , might be forced to `` realign ... capacity '' if market demand does n't improve . 
Looking ahead to commodity markets this week : 
In a move that complements the company 's basic strategy , its Westmoreland Energy Inc. unit is developing four coal-fired cogeneration plants with a partner in Virginia . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
ACQUISITION : 
In sum , the biases ennumerated above indicate a 0.7 percentage point understatement in growth of total real GNP . 
The Justice Department is in the process of trying to gain control over a law that federal Judge David Sentelle recently called a `` monster . '' 
Net was $ 139 million , or 98 cents a share , for the quarter , compared with $ 213 million , or $ 1.56 a share , a year ago . 
Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole ( R. , Kan . ) said yesterday on `` Meet the Press '' : `` I would hope after his { Mr. Ortega 's } act yesterday or the day before , we 'd have unanimous support for quick action on remaining humanitarian aid . '' 
Even still , I did feel self-indulgent , and I could n't help remembering my father 's contempt for a rich medical colleague who would go to watch the Tigers on summer afternoons . 
In those areas , the role of NSC staffers under them therefore have become more important . 
Some say the best hope for the Mexicans is catching the eye of Japan by promoting the one industry the Japanese clearly like -- the border assembly plants , known as `` maquiladoras , '' which are open to 100 % foreign control . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
c-Yields , adjusted for constant maturity . 
Affiliated Bankshares of Colorado Inc. said it agreed to sell its 10 % interest in Rocky Mountain Bankcard Systems for $ 18.5 million to Colorado National Bank of Denver and Central Bank of Denver . 
Seymour Schreibman , the 65-year-old owner of Schreibman Raphael Furs Inc. , treats the reverse side of a Persian lambskin to produce a reversible fur-and-leather garment . 
For instance , Ken Gregory , a San Francisco money manager , calculates that if an investor holds a basket of stocks that tracks the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , the chance of losing money is 3 % to 4 % over a 10-year period , compared with 15 % over three years and 30 % over one year . 
Many of the funds that did best in the last week are heavily invested overseas , giving them the benefit of foreign currency translations when the dollar is weak . 
`` It 's ludicrous for him to suggest it 's the difference between the'breakup ' value of the shares and their market value . '' 
The company said it does n't expect the new line 's capacity to adversely affect the company 's existing hot-dipped galvanizing lines . 
Munich-based Allianz 's brief explanatory statement said it is acting to protect its own interests as a shareholder of Navigation Mixte . 
The Senate Finance Committee voted to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts , and also to bring back income averaging for farmers , a tax preference that allows income to be spread out over several years . 
In his old job , as Dade County chief , Mr. Fernandez forced out 92 teachers and reshuffled 48 principals . 
`` There 's nothing on the other side . '' 
That prompted Kerr-McGee to consider moving the potentially volatile storage facilities and cross-blending operations away from town . 
Last summer , the affiliates bitterly complained to network executives about the poor coverage of the student uprising in China . 
What makes a person buy an oil well from some stranger knocking on the screen door ? 
d - Percent change greater than 999 % . 
`` La Familia de Hoy , '' or `` Today 's Family , '' will debut this spring and will combine a national bimonthly magazine and TV programming . 
Norton and Texas Eastern had each held a 50 % stake in Eastman in a joint venture . 
The Oneida , N.Y. , maker of consumer , food-service and industrial products also declared a quarterly cash dividend of 12 cents a share , with the same payable and record dates . 
What if it happened to us ? 
The new technologies are intended to retire the cathode-ray tube , which accounts for most of the bulk of the conventional TV set . 
-- The reward for that reckless lending was high reported earnings ( and management bonuses ) ; the price , a sea of bad loans . 
Participants in the U.S. missions to Canada are to be assisted by members of the Service Corps of Retired Executives , a volunteer group , in dealing with their export challenges . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , the company closed yesterday at $ 45.50 a share , up 25 cents . 
They are starting to buy growth stocks . 
The government is projecting a # 14 billion surplus for the fiscal year . 
Dow Jones has offered to pay $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the remaining Telerate stake . 
Brand loyalty was stronger among older consumers in the Journal survey . 
The specific scene he mentions in which pet dogs are crushed is somewhat reminiscent of the continual plights that befall the coyote in the old Warner Bros . `` Road Runner '' cartoons . 
All of that is just for starters , or so the hundreds of thousands of Eastern Europeans in the streets seem to hope and are certainly demanding . 
AMERICAN PRESIDENT COS. , Oakland , shipping concern , annual sales of $ 2.2 billion , NYSE , had little damage to the cranes , dock or rail track at its container-ship facility near the collapsed Route 880 overpass . 
The Diet does n't normally even debate bills because the opposition parties are so often opposed to whatever LDP does that it would be a waste of time . 
Mr. Thompson calls discounting `` a loser 's game for anyone without a dominant market share , '' and projected that Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on price-cutting or face a costly and fruitless battle . 
Largely as a result , Litigation Sciences has more than doubled in size in the past two years . 
With great aplomb he considers not only filial devotion and ( utterly repressed ) sexual love , but British anti-Semitism , the gentry 's impatience with democracy and support of Hitler , and the moral problematics of loyalty : `` It is , in practice , simply not possible to adopt such a critical attitude towards an employer and at the same time provide good service ... . 
What happened ? 
The Decatur , Ga. , trade group has issued a `` briefing book '' that claims the machine is `` a health hazard '' and that Mr. Maynard is trying `` to make a fast buck at the expense of the nation 's egg producers . '' 
It was during those hearings that the nation first learned the breadth and depth of Gen. Noriega 's criminality , and of his enduring relationships with a variety of U.S. government agencies . 
American officials have said that a meeting with the leader of the U.S. could help bolster his stature among Soviet politicians and academics , whose support he needs . 
Portfolio A : Retired couple , age 65 ; $ 400,000 portfolio . 
Long considered a potential takeover target , Navigation Mixte had hoped Allianz would help protect it from raiders . 
Kelly Siegler , an assistant district attorney who was in the courtroom , disputed suggestions the action was sexist , saying she had seen Judge Hancock turn away male defendants dressed in shorts , tank tops or muscle shirts `` many times . '' 
Motorola 's Austin operation was one of the first to lose patience , deciding a few years ago to junk any bulk mail that was n't addressed to an individual . 
Universities , however , say Next 's prices must go even lower before large numbers of students purchase the machine . 
And last week , people close to Saatchi said Maurice Saatchi and his brother , Charles , would lead a buy-out if a hostile bid emerged . 
The directors said if Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb mail an offer to shareholders by Nov. 22 , it will reimburse them a maximum of C$ 8.5 million for expenses related to a bid . 
The figure excludes a record number employed by extraordinary government work programs , the Labor Directorate announced Tuesday . 
The timing for change was right . 
They persuaded Mr. Trotter to take it back and , with the help of the FBI , taped their conversation with him . 
In Geneva , however , they supported Iran 's proposal because it would have left the Saudi percentage of the OPEC total intact , and increased actual Saudi volume to nearly 5.3 million barrels daily from five million . 
But under Alan Greenspan that has changed . 
The lethal shudders that wracked the San Francisco Bay Area -- rated a 6.9 on the Richter scale -- did n't match the great earthquake of 1906 , rated at 8.25 . 
The $ 942,000 purchase raised his holdings to 74,000 shares . 
-- Global reciprocity . 
Shalom . 
Hotel-casino operators play down the possibility of a labor shortage . 
A spokesman said herbicide use in some areas of the U.S. was delayed earlier in the year by heavy rains , thus increasing sales in the third quarter . 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. , New York , the newly merged drug and health-care-product company , reported record third-quarter earnings for both companies in the merger . 
`` They are always the first to be sold when people are taking profits , because people are most scared of the high-technology stocks , '' said Robin West , director of research for Ladenburg Thalmann 's Lanyi division , which specializes in emerging growth stocks . 
Total operating profit fell 3.1 % to 486.1 billion yen from 501.61 billion yen . 
On his FEMA visit , Mr. Bush said that he hoped there would be `` less carping '' about the emergency office 's performance this time , adding that the agency `` took a hit '' for its reaction to Hurricane Hugo . 
Traders say that after a week of nervously tracking every development on Wall Street , the foreign-exchange market has settled back to catch its breath ahead of new U.S. economic data . 
The fasteners , nuts and bolts , are sold to the North American auto market . 
The 189 Democrats who supported the override yesterday compare with 175 who initially backed the rape-and-incest exemption two weeks ago and 136 last year on a similar vote . 
South Africa 's government said peaceful demonstrations such as the anti-apartheid rally Sunday near Soweto have helped ease tensions and assisted political changes . 
At a hearing last week , Democratic Sen. Chris Dodd of Connecticut told Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady that `` Chairman Greenspan 's '' announcement over the Oct. 13 weekend was a `` very important statement . '' 
Sixty thousand surfers atop a concrete wall , waiting for the wipeout . 
It was reported stolen in transit en route to Washington , D.C. , in February . 
The Communications Workers of America , which opposes such monitoring , says supervisors listen in on an estimated 400 million calls each year . 
The U.S. government has never waivered in its assessment of this incident as an accident at a biological weapons facility there , and hence a violation of the 1972 Biological Weapons Convention . 
With stocks not a major focus , `` we 're waiting for the next guiding light , '' said Brian J. Fabbri , chief economist at Midland Montagu Securities Inc . 
And some U.S. Army analysts worry that the proposed Soviet redefinition is aimed at blocking the U.S. from developing lighter , more transportable , high-technology tanks . 
Zurn Industries Inc. said it received approval to proceed on four separate projects with a total contract value of $ 59 million . 
`` That 's the most important experience I 've had with any teacher , '' he says , `` because she taught me how to listen . 
The department 's most significant clarification of existing RICO policy is a directive to prosecutors that they should seek to seize assets from defendants `` in proportion '' to the nature of the alleged offense , Mr. Runkel said . 
The average dropped 6.40 to 1247.87 and has now lost 21.7 % of its value since the losing streak began Oct. 10 . 
Ten days ago he was asked to amplify the reasons behind his anti-abortion stance . 
Despite Mr. Blaine 's protests , the judge rescheduled her case for Nov. 27 . 
Compound annual returns , including price changes and income from interest and dividends 
California Health Facilities Financing Authority -- $ 114 million of health facility revenue bonds ( Catholic Healthcare West ) , Series 1989A , via a First Boston Corp. group . 
Yet another opportunity for President Bush to respond , `` Read my lips . 
France voted the same as the U.S. 76 % of the time , West Germany 79 % and Britain 83 % . 
Overall , he says , municipal prices are `` very cheap '' and represent an `` excellent buying opportunity . '' 
`` By default , '' the dollar probably will be able to hold up pretty well in coming days , says Francoise Soares-Kemp , a foreign-exchange adviser at Credit Suisse . 
Including a sale of stock last February , Mr. Sherry has sold 88 % of his stake in the company this year , according to SEC filings . 
The decision in Los Angeles federal court stems from a 1985 Mercury Sable TV ad that Young & Rubicam worked up for Ford Motor Co . 
Most of the evening , though , is filled with rare and welcome wit . 
Historically , New York is almost always in trouble . 
He remains an executive vice president , the company said , and his new position reflects `` the growing importance of the world automotive market as a market for A. Schulman 's high performance plastic materials . '' 
However , their search notably wo n't include natural gas or pure methanol -- the two front-running alternative fuels -- in tests to be completed by next summer . 
For years the five New York exchanges have been talking about cooperating in various aspects of their business in order to improve the efficiency of their operations . 
On the surface , the decline in September durable goods -- only 0.1 % -- did n't appear very weak . 
Million-dollar conferences were held to chew on subjects such as `` ethical responsibilities of scientists in support of disarmament '' and `` the impact of the activities of transnational corporations . '' 
It did n't specify the nature of the differences , saying only that they related to `` management style '' and `` strategic objectives . '' 
Customers hear a lot of this stuff from people who try to sell them stock . 
Leading the pack , Microsoft soared 3 3\/4 , or 4 % , to a record price of 84 1\/4 on 1.2 million shares . 
Private placements involve debt and equity securities , typically in denominations of $ 1 million , that are sold to institutional investors and are n't registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Mr. Seidman says he turned down a Lexus franchise in part because `` the building was gorgeous but very expensive . '' 
Insurers face the prospect of paying out billions of dollars for damages caused by this week 's California earthquake . 
For the quarter , Textron said aerospace revenue , including Bell helicopter and jet-engine manufacture , declined 9.8 % to $ 755.9 million from $ 838.3 million , an indication of slowing government defense work . 
The usual suspects are found to be guilty , then not guilty , then guilty -- but of a different crime . 
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing . 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 , and the bill gives the Department of Housing and Urban Development new authority to facilitate the refinancing of subsidized loans for low-income homeowners . 
Supermarkets are getting into the variety act , too . 
GET RID OF THE DOGS . 
Formally upgrading the Sandinistas to a democratic status was an initiative harshly criticized in the Costa Rican press . 
For the nine months , net income rose 48 % to $ 124.2 million , or $ 1.41 a share , from $ 83.8 million , or 96 cents a share a year earlier . 
Dividend-related trading swelled volume in Merrill Lynch , which closed unchanged at 28 3\/8 as 2.7 million shares changed hands . 
Italy 's trade deficit narrowed to 2.007 trillion lire ( $ 1.49 billion ) in September from 2.616 trillion lire a year earlier , the state statistical office Istat said . 
Rated Baa-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
He then briefed Messrs. Boies and Barr , who had the chance to tilt their next day 's presentation accordingly . 
We are the producers of that movie . 
IBM appears more worried about Digital , which has a broad base of customers waiting for the new line , dubbed the VAX 9000 . 
Mr. Krenz is such a contradictory figure that nobody has even come up with any good jokes about him . 
It is the largest private-sector landowner of the Minato-Mirai 21 project , a multibillion-yen development in the port city of Yokohama , about an hour outside Tokyo . 
It says that despite loose regulation of the market itself , its longstanding regulation of industry will prevent such crashes . 
The West German paper company entered the venture in April 1988 by acquiring a 50 % stake , also from Beghin-Say . 
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections . 
Other technology stocks that were weaker included Intel , which fell 1 1\/4 to 33 1\/2 on 1.9 million shares , Mentor Graphics , down 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 on 1.6 million shares , Sun Microsystems , which slipped 3\/8 to 18 1\/4 , and MCI Communications , down 1 to 42 3\/4 . 
Last month , Mr. Ruskin proposed , among other things , to buy 3.5 million shares , or 38 % , for $ 4 apiece . 
Emergency crews searched through the charred rubble of a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas , where a series of explosions Monday killed at least two people and injured 124 . 
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly-average basis : 
`` They 're anticipating further declines in rates and they 're going to get them , slowly , '' said Walter Frank , chief economist for the Donoghue Organization , publisher of Money Fund Report . 
On Storer as a whole , KKR racked up compound annual returns of 60 % in the three years it owned Storer . 
The executives , who got $ 30.88 a share for the stock , showed good timing . 
Daewoo Motor , a 50-50 joint venture with General Motors Corp. and the Daewoo Group conglomerate , is the only auto maker that appears to be hurting . 
Time pressures and the ebb of the fitness fad are cited as reasons for the decline . 
In fact , last Friday 's 190.58-point tumble in the stock market caught many people and businesses by surprise , not the least of them brokerage firms such as Shearson that print their weekly market commentaries on Fridays for dissemination the following week . 
Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale . 
China said the question of Taiwan 's membership in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade should be considered only after China 's own membership in the 97-nation organization is restored . 
The gatherings in East Berlin and elsewhere were viewed as part of a government effort to stop activists from staging protests to press their demands . 
Ohio , the District of Columbia , Tennessee and Illinois have been less resistant to Drexel than the other six states , but nonetheless have refused to settle so far , say those familiar with the discussions . 
That facility should reopen today . 
The Los Angeles media concern said that the year-ago period included a $ 26.5 million gain from the sale of assets , primarily timberlands . 
But the computer did n't play Mr. Short 's ninth move , a key pawn thrust , and its position deteriorated rapidly . 
October 's troubles began when the trust failed to sell a state-owned commercial bank , Associated Bank , for the minimum price of 671 million pesos ( $ 31 million ) . 
Market technicians were encouraged by the price patterns , which in the past have preceded sharp rallies . 
He no longer crowds the plate . 
The stars do that themselves . ) 
`` There is some feeling here that the cuts are the way to go . 
Mr. Noriega was growing desperate . 
Mr. Briscoe , who also forecasts a # 1.3 billion current account gap , warns that even if the trade figures are bullish for sterling , the currency wo n't advance much because investors will want to see further evidence of the turnaround before adjusting positions . 
The transaction also would combine Fresenius USA and Delmed . 
But now , other agencies are getting into the business with their own competing media-buying groups -- and Carat wants to expand to the rest of Europe . 
`` You always want your house insured , but you do n't always feel the need for your investments to be insured . '' 
In March , Qintex sold 49 % of the three Mirage resorts to Japan 's Nippon Shinpan Co. and Mitsui & Co. for A$ 433 million . 
Paul DuCharme , director of media services at Grey Advertising , said Meredith is the leader in providing multimedia packages . 
`` Rather than sell 39-cents-a-pound Delicious , maybe we can sell 79-cents-a-pound Fujis , '' says Chuck Tryon , perishables director for Super Valu Inc. , a Minneapolis supermarket chain and food distributor . 
`` Until the new mainframe products kick in , there wo n't be a lot of revenue contribution at the high end , and that 's hurt us , '' said Mark Steinkrauss , Digital 's director of investor relations . 
Two hundred years ago , critics of the new United States Constitution warned that the electoral districts for Congress were too large and encompassed too many different economic interests . 
The summer crop is harvested , winter sowing has yet to begin . 
On the other hand , high-priced shares such as Pioneer Electronic and Sony failed to spark investor interest because these issues are unlikely to be bought by investment trust funds , observers said . 
JMB officials are expected to be hired to represent the pension fund on the Santa Fe Pacific Realty board , Mr. Roulac said , to insulate the fund from potential liability problems . 
Edward J. Tirello Jr. , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , speculated that the sudden dividend elimination presages an expensive agreement with thrift regulators over the company 's insolvent MeraBank savings and loan unit . 
That contract fell a total of 5.75 cents during the first three days of this week , mostly in reaction to last Friday 's stock market plunge , which prompted concern that it might signal a similar sharp slowing of the U.S. economy and thus reduced demand for copper , a leading industrial metal . 
SHEDDING GLITTER : 
Claiborne shares closed yesterday at $ 25.125 , up 50 cents , in national over-the-counter trading . 
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . '' 
`` But it 's like kicking your father in the pants . 
As in the U.S. , it also produced a sudden burst in the demand for sterling , that is a surge in the sterling monetary aggregates , M-Whatever . 
After touring the area , California Gov. George Deukmejian late yesterday called for an inquiry into the freeway 's collapse , blaming the disaster on substandard construction , the Associated Press reported . 
It is possible then that Santa Fe 's real estate -- even in a state imperiled by earthquakes -- could , one day , fetch a king 's ransom . 
The last time that traders experienced a trough was during 1985-86 , when Beijing imposed tough measures to curb imports and conserve foreign exchange . 
Also closed yesterday were the company 's Santa Teresa software-development lab and the Almaden research center . 
`` Unless the market goes to 19 million units -- which we all know it 's not going to do -- we have the inescapable fact that the transplants are adding capacity , '' Mr. Lutz said last month . 
Indeed , Winnebago said it started `` several promotional programs '' to spur retail sales in the fall and winter . 
A report in this week 's issue of the Journal of the National Cancer Institute also projects that overall U.S. mortality rates from lung cancer , the leading cause of cancer death , should begin to drop in several years if cigarette smoking continues to abate . 
Japanese managers ca n't expect Americans to behave as if they were Japanese ; instead , they must manage Americans as Americans . 
France 's second-largest government-owned insurance company , Assurances Generales de France , has been building its own Navigation Mixte stake , currently thought to be between 8 % and 10 % . 
The Tax Court recently denied business deductions by Mr. and Mrs. Peter S. Rubin of Cherry Hill , N.J. , who both were part-time distributors of Amway products in addition to their regular jobs as sales people in other fields . 
But persuading investors to buy bonds may be especially tough this week , when the U.S. government will auction more than $ 30 billion of new securities . 
`` These loans are more of a focus than lesser-developed-country debt now , '' said William Bee , senior block trader at Prudential-Bache Securities . 
The company also cited retail trade and consumer demand for new products introduced this year , such as Cherry Merry Muffin and Turtle Tots . 
When Democrats refused to budge , pro-life Republicans met at the White House with Chief of Staff John Sununu on Monday , and Mr. Bush quickly signaled a veto . 
The move by IBM was n't exactly a surprise . 
Worse , Salomon 's timing had been off . 
But he then borrowed a palladium rod from chemists at Texas A&M who said they were getting excess heat . 
If the setting is exotic , the prose is closer to Balzac 's `` Pere Goriot '' than it is to `` Arabian Nights . '' 
If the IRS admits its error and the charges have been paid , it will reimburse a taxpayer who has n't refused to give timely answers to IRS inquiries or has n't contributed to continuing or compounding the error . 
Moreover , with 88 % of its assets tied up in Manville , the trust is badly in need of diversification . 
Merkur , as an import on domestic car lots , suffered from the same sort of image confusion that is hobbling sales of imports at General Motors Corp. and Chrysler Corp . 
With the collapse of the talks Friday , European analysts expect Ford to intensify its pursuit of British luxury car maker Jaguar PLC , which is scrambling to fend off a hostile Ford bid by negotiating a friendly alliance with Ford 's archrival , General Motors Corp . 
Mr. Dorfman states that an investor who invested $ 100,000 a year ago in the first four stocks selected by your pros and then sold those one month later , purchasing the four new pro picks , and repeated this process for the year would have accumulated $ 166,537 , excluding account dividends , taxes and commissions . 
Many clothiers , especially Ralph Lauren , have cashed in on the recent popularity of updated Ivy League and English styles . 
Local law enforcement is present in a sub-station occupying space donated by the center . 
The oil refiner also booked a $ 15 million charge for selling Ashland Technology Corp. , one of its subsidiaries , at a loss . 
His latest coup : September 's masterminding of the five billion Swiss-franc ( $ 3.07 billion ) merger between Adia S.A. , the world 's second-largest temporary employment agency , and Inspectorate International S.A. , a Rey-controlled product-inspection company . 
For Switzerland 's most prestigious newspaper , Neue Zuercher Zeitung , Mr. Rey seems destined to remain the `` former Bally raider , '' an image that has proved hard to overcome . 
The European Community Commission challenged an agreement on routes and fares between France 's two largest airlines on antitrust grounds . 
`` In the kind of literature I read I come across countervailing opinions quite frequently . 
Officials also suspect that traffic benefited from steps by major employers to get workers to come in at odd hours , or that many workers are still staying at home . 
However , dozens of bakers , restaurant chefs and other food preparers who flocked to Mr. Maynard 's defense say that products ranging from egg bread to eclairs lose some zip when the eggs come in 30-pound cans instead of shells . 
Soon after taking over last June , Mr. Corry rescinded a pay cut imposed on clerical workers , a move that Mr. Roderick had n't made in spite of improved earnings . 
Hess 's earnings were up despite a $ 30 million charge to cover the cost of maintaining operations after Hurricane Hugo heavily damaged the company 's refinery at St. Croix . 
Orders for capital defense goods skyrocketed 56 % , and a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including airplanes , missiles , ships , tanks and communications equipment . 
Bruce Hoyt , a banking analyst with Boettcher & Co. , a Denver brokerage firm , said Valley National `` is n't out of the woods yet . '' 
Even though only 12 % actually predicted a recession , many respondents were taking a better-safe-than sorry investment stance . 
Traders attributed the action in them largely to defensive positioning in a volatile market . 
The wholesaler of cash and carry merchandise reported fiscal fourthquarter earnings that were better than analysts had expected . 
Shareholder equity improved to 4.68 % from 4.23 % in the previous quarter . 
After Mr. Carter was defeated in 1980 , the shah 's ghost claimed the credit and then went after President Reagan and Cap Weinberger . 
Unions covered by one or other provisions generally settled for lower percentage wage increases . 
Mr. Volokh soon found work in his field , but Ms. Volokh refused the obvious and available occupation - as translator for a Russian who spoke fluent English . 
The department has collected over $ 6.5 million from brokers so far and recommended more than 30 of them for criminal prosecution . 
In other markets : 
Japanese tourists will be told to take care when photographing earthquake damage in San Francisco , the Japan Association of Travel Agents said . 
But Mr. Tonkin said dealers should slash stocks to between 15 and 30 days to reduce the costs of financing inventory . 
Meanwhile , General Motors and Ford Motor continue their pursuit of the company . 
Bush met with South Korean President Roh , who indicated that Seoul plans to further ease trade rules to ensure that its economy becomes as open as the other industrialized nations by the mid-1990s . 
Foreign Bonds 
Non-interest income fell slightly to $ 191.9 million from $ 193.3 million , while Wells Fargo continued to rigorously control non-interest expense , which was almost flat at $ 393.4 million . 
The Justice Department scrambled to play down the significance of revised guidelines concerning prosecutions under the federal racketeering law . 
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST said it will resume dividend payments with a 12-cent-a-share dividend to be paid Nov. 6 to shares of record Oct. 25 . 
`` If you do n't need the money for 10 years , there 's a clear-cut case for sticking to a steady core of stocks , '' Mr. Gregory says . 
His favorites are American Barrick Resources Corp. , Echo Bay Mines Ltd. and Coeur d'Alene Mines Corp . 
Now Mr. Bush will come to Costa Rica and encounter Nicaraguan strongman Daniel Ortega , eager for photo opportunities with the U.S. president . 
Once the stock price is less than the exercise price , or `` strike price , '' of the put , the gain will match the loss on the stock dollar for dollar . 
At a time when foreign banks are pouring vast resources and personnel into West Germany 's financial center , the opening of a three-man office on a Frankfurt side street should n't attract much attention . 
The stock market 's woes spooked currency traders but prompted a quiet little party among bond investors . 
That may soon change . 
Mr. Schwartz , the puckish planner from Englewood , Colo. , says that allowing the business to police itself would be `` like putting Dracula in charge of the blood bank . '' 
Another she stuffed with eight `` rectilinear hedges '' for a topiary geometry lesson in the right-angling of plants . 
The latest quarter 's results , however , included a pretax gain of $ 13.7 million , or 20 cents a share , in the carrying value of the company 's investment in Conner Peripherals Inc. and a $ 7.6 million gain , or 11 cents a share , from the sale of one million Conner shares . 
But sales in the oil-patch state of Texas surged 12.9 % and sales in South Carolina jumped 10.6 % in the period , the New York trade group said . 
Moreover , the company said higher sales and shipments to service centers from its Armco Steel Co. joint venture failed to offset weakness in the automotive market , higher production costs and a poorer product mix . 
The center will provide space for computer hardware and facsimile and other telecommunications equipment , not readily accessible in Poland now , for a growing number of Westerners doing business in Eastern Europe . 
At Pacific Telesis Group , flextime is left up to individual working groups , because some of the telephone company 's employees must be on-site during normal business hours , a spokeswoman says . 
The typical Glass audience , which is more likely to be composed of music students than their teachers , certainly does . 
The rest , as they say , is history . 
Elsewhere in Europe , share prices closed higher in Stockholm , Brussels and Milan . 
`` Prices for retail chains are lower today than they were last week , which will help management , '' said Gilbert Harrison , chairman of Financo Inc. , an investment-banking firm specializing in retailing acquisitions . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Rey has been very careful since then to make sure his moves are welcome . 
Another longtime ally , Phil Bakes , currently heads Eastern , now in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings . 
IBM is gaining momentum in the personal-computer market , and is expected to introduce some impressive workstations early next year . 
This article is adapted from one in the October American Spectator . 
But the performance exceeded some estimates of around $ 1.90 a share . 
They plan to expand the home site by buying five adjoining acres for $ 200,000 , borrowed against a first mortgage on the five acres and also collateralized by the 15 acres . 
He did n't say what the company expected to report for year-earlier sales , which will be restated from the previously reported $ 603 million . 
They could also check through the orders on file to find a customer that was willing to accept a lower grade of polyethylene . 
`` The culture is not ready to take off its clothes , lie down and be touched for an hour for $ 45 , '' he says . 
China frequently lambastes the U.S. Embassy for harboring astrophysicist Fang Lizhi , a political dissident who took refuge there after the massacre . 
Millicom said it would build and operate the system in Pakistan with Comvik International AB , part of the Kinnevik group of Sweden , and Arfeen International , Pakistan . 
California 's high-priced real estate puts it in an awkward position , too . 
The investigation , which will be coordinated with one already under way in the U.S. , follows the discovery of what Ferranti has called a `` serious '' fraud involving its U.S. subsidiary . 
The U.S. Senate liked the treaty so well it ratified it by a vote of 89 to 0 . 
USX Corp. said it delayed the proposed initial public offering of common stock of RMI Titanium Co. because of market conditions . 
A warrant permits a holder to acquire one share of common stock for $ 17.50 a share . 
A story about how he mishandled the sale to his son of his stock in a media company controlled by his political patron Percy Sutton was allowed to fester a full week before Mr. Dinkins faced the media . 
It owns 67 % of Telerate Inc. , a leading supplier of computerized financial information on global markets . 
Using small electrical shocks applied to her feet , they were able to monitor sensory nerves . 
`` The transit system is how people are going to be getting around . '' 
Analysts say the opposition will struggle this week to unite , and its success will be clear only when it announces its final list of parliamentary candidates . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3406.31 , off 
At issue is the deductibility of certain junk bonds that are used in most LBOs . 
Rorer Group Inc. will report that third-quarter profit rose more than 15 % from a year earlier , though the gain is wholly due to asset sales , Robert Cawthorn , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said . 
The National Security Council itself was established in 1947 because policy makers sensed a need , in an increasingly complex world , for a formal system within the White House to make sure that communications flowed smoothly between the president and the State Department , Pentagon and intelligence agencies . 
They are all priced at par . 
It said it expects net to rise to 11 billion yen from 8.22 billion yen . 
The Kennedy amendment would , in effect , legislate around the Supreme Court ruling . 
Mr. Sawyer began running the company on an interim basis in late September . 
But high-yield , high-risk bonds fell 1\/4 to 1\/2 point with the stock market early in the session and never recovered . 
The Sidley-Ashurst venture will also be staffed by another Sidley partner specializing in corporate law , a partner from Ashurst concentrating on acquisitions and a Japanese attorney . 
`` The defensive options are limited , '' says Philippe Braye , a partner in portfolio management concern France Finance Quatre . 
It is almost a carbon copy of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's Eurodollar contract , which is based on the three-month Eurodollar rate , the rate paid on U.S.-dollar deposits in London banks . 
Some analysts say this may give it the right to seize the ship if the situation warrants it . 
The Federal National Mortgage Association offered $ 1.2 billion of Remic securities in three issues , and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. offered a $ 250 million Remic backed by 9 % 15-year securities . 
`` I like to succeed , '' says Mr. Rey during a recent morning of working at home , which he also likes . 
In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate `` as a hoped-for goal '' of Telerate 's management `` and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . '' 
GM confirmed it received U.S. antitrust clearance to boost its holding . 
City dwellers love them because they shift smoothly in traffic , bounce easily over curbs and roll through road glass with far fewer flat tires than racing bikes . 
Microsoft advanced 1 7\/8 to 80 1\/2 and Lotus Development added 1 1\/4 to 32 1\/2 . 
Huge machines that look as though they came from the Star Wars desert-battle scene lumber among the dunes . 
`` My position is well-known and well-stated , '' he replied . 
Still , Vista officials realize they 're relatively fortunate . 
As a result of the transaction , which is expected to be approved at a shareholders meeting Nov. 24 , Giovanni Agnelli & Co. will control 79.18 % of IFI 's ordinary shares . 
Mr. Della Femina will be joint chairman with former WCRS executive Robin Wight . 
Only a decade or so ago , casino managers balked at in-room TV sets and other fripperies that distracted from gambling . 
For the nine months , Amoco said that net income fell to $ 1.29 billion from $ 1.69 billion but if unusual items are excluded , operations produced essentially flat results . 
He said the market 's volatility disturbs him , but that all the exchange can do is `` slow down the process '' by using its circuit breakers and shock absorbers . 
So far , about 150 Orange Workers have moved here , spending nearly $ 1 million buying up property over the past three years . 
GM is close to completing a friendly deal with Jaguar that is likely to involve an eventual 30 % stake and joint manufacturing ventures . 
But this is not the entire Afghan army , and it is no longer Kabul 's only military force . 
Such disclosures of big holdings often are used by raiders to try to scare a company 's managers , and to stir interest in the stock . 
But others , large landowners , real-estate developers and business leaders , say the government 's proposals are intolerable . 
`` I want to add one more truck , '' Mr. Huber says . 
The Treasury sold $ 7.81 billion of three-month bills with an average discount rate of 7.52 % , the highest since the average of 7.63 % at the auction on Oct. 10 . 
Since KKR bought RJR in February for $ 25 billion of debt , it has agreed to sell nearly $ 5 billion of RJR assets . 
After the company reported red ink for the fiscal third quarter , Wang 's marketing department provided the sales force answers to questions such as `` How could you not have known you were going to lose $ 55 million ? '' and `` Is Wang still a viable company ? '' 
But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought a hundred merchant ships more and $ 7 billion of loading barges , ramps , etc. , in order that those seven new Army divisions and three Marine brigades could unload from all those new ships and aircraft and go to war in the Zagros mountains . 
Crime is clearly more deadly to small-scale entrepreneurship than to big businesses . 
Still , there are several billion dollars of zero-coupon CDs with various maturities outstanding . 
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight . 
`` If the U.S. had sat back and done nothing , he might not have made it through 1988 , '' Mr. Moss contends . 
My position is one founded on both the facts and the law . 
`` We must find any way to get business . '' 
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so-called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years . 
He left a message accusing Mr. Darman of selling out . 
Parts are a tragedy . 
Investor Robert M. Gintel , who owns a 4.7 % stake in the company , said he plans a proxy fight for control of its board . 
Now , it wants to concentrate on beer and its newer hotel and restaurant operations . 
Paribas said that once it receives the go-ahead from French stock market authorities , it will offer to boost its Navigation Mixte stake to 66.7 % from the current 18.7 % . 
Revenue rose 6.9 % , to $ 3.1 billion from $ 2.9 billion . 
It also generates pieces of the missile shield called the Strategic Defense Initiative . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
After being inspected , buildings with substantial damage were color-coded . 
They argue that the rights of RICO defendants and third parties not named in RICO indictments have been unfairly damaged . 
He said Du Pont holds about 23 % of the world-wide market , the largest single share , at a time when growing uses for the pigment have kept it in tight supply , although others are now adding low-cost production capacity . 
Such attitudes have given Federal flexibility , not only to rapidly implement new technology but to keep its work force extraordinarily lean . 
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them . 
`` The attention span of the public is short , '' he said . 
But his is a story about a hero in an era of sports anti-heroes , and about what Babe Ruth , Mr. Engelken reminds us , once called `` the only real game in the world . '' 
It also provides for benefit adjustments , including a partial restoration of vacations and holidays , as well as work-rule changes to increase productivity . 
Harry Rossi , 69 , chairman of the holding company , also remains chairman of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co . 
A UAL statement after the market closed Monday indicated that the airline 's board wanted to keep the company independent , effectively crushing hopes of an immediate buy-out . 
Two products in what the telecommunications giant called a new generation of such equipment are available now , AT&T said , and three others will be introduced in 1990 and 1991 . 
CMS ENERGY Corp. said management would recommend to its board today that its common stock dividend be reinstated at a `` modest level '' later this year . 
Despite the junk market 's problems , Drexel continues to enjoy a loyalty among junk bond investors that its Wall Street rivals have n't found . 
National says it agreed to acquire Krysalis 's assets and will start shipping commercial quantities of its first chips , including a 4-kilobit memory , next year . 
In late trading Friday , Jaguar shares bucked the downward tide in London 's stock market and rose five pence to 725 pence ( $ 11.44 ) . 
Last year when Northwest first offered the promotion , only six centenarians flew free . 
Leverage is used only by some of the closed-end funds . 
Other admen , however , say rates could rise later if ad spending surges . 
The December contract ended at $ 999 a metric ton , down $ 15 . 
Ben Lipps , president of Fresenius USA , was named president , chief executive and chief operating officer . 
After MGM\/UA terminated the $ 1.5 billion merger because of a dispute over a $ 50 million letter of credit , Qintex Entertainment -- which is 43%-owned by Qintex Australia -- found itself facing problems of its own . 
A subsidiary of a Taiwanese holding company with world-wide sales of $ 150 million , Giant is one example of the sudden globalization of Mr. Sinyard 's once-cozy market niche . 
Please make me and thousands of other readers more comfortable with our daily purchase of your newspaper by raising your environmental standards to your overall impeccable quality levels , and increase your use of recycled paper . 
Revenue in the latest quarter rose 14 % to $ 589 million from $ 515.1 million . 
The September figures are due to be released this week . 
In addition , special bidding rules give the bank 's former owner , Leonardo Ty , the right to match the highest bid . 
`` For the middle and upper-middle class { Filipino } is declasse , '' says Bien Lumbera , a Philippine-studies professor at Quezon City 's University of the Philippines . 
At IDS Financial Services , the financial planning and mutual fund unit , net rose 19 % to a record $ 47.6 million on a 33 % revenue gain . 
Concern about the volatile U.S. stock market had faded in recent sessions , and traders appeared content to let the dollar languish in a narrow range until tomorrow , when the preliminary report on third-quarter U.S. gross national product is released . 
Other tax breaks also are likely to be restored or created in the coming months as special interest groups try to undo the 1986 tax overhaul . 
One old building , the Golden State Bank Building on Front Street , had its yellow brick facade sheared off by the shock of the quake , leaving a wedge of its third floor open to the air , while piles of dusty bricks tumbled to the street below narrowly missing rush-hour pedestrians and cars . 
Jim Beam print ads , however , strike different chords in different countries . 
First , however , he has unfinished business . 
`` Traditionally , consumers were concerned about ordering after the first of December because they did n't believe they would get it by Christmas , '' says Adam Strum , chairman of the Wine Enthusiast Inc. , which sells wine cellars and accessories through the mail . 
`` The problem is , if people get down in the dumps , they stop selling , '' says Mike Durcan , a laid-off sales manager in Wang 's Austin office . 
Tokyo stocks , which rebounded strongly Tuesday , extended their gains yesterday , but most other Asian and Pacific markets closed sharply lower . 
But now the possibility of `` diplomatic movement '' ( Vietnam 's withdrawal , the Baker initiative ) has put that plan on hold , with the proviso that if the going got rough , the U.S. would then rearm the opposition . 
And the naczelnik shuts his door . 
The white group argued that whites were not fully and fairly represented , because in city-wide elections only black candidates or white candidates who catered to `` black interests '' could win . 
Demand for the new version was enabling Lotus to raise prices with distributors and to hold market share against Microsoft and other competitors that tried to exploit the earlier delays in Release 3 's launch , Mr. Sherlund added . 
First Interstate made the move under pressure from regulators . 
Another interesting example is the poison pill adopted recently by Pittsburgh-based National Intergroup Inc. , a diversified holding company . 
Per-share net rose to 62.04 yen from 51.50 yen . 
ABC has four shows in the top 10 , including the top show , `` Roseanne . 
-- Freshman football player . 
`` You 're telling someone they can spend the next three or four or five or six years of their life bringing about the most difficult and costly modernization of an information system on the civil side ever , '' Mr. Goldberg said . 
`` The crime goes to character , '' says Ron Maiorana , a consultant to the Giuliani campaign . 
A few years ago , Mrs. Hammack insisted on buying earthquake insurance for this house , which had been converted into apartments . 
And when they were no longer needed , they were turned loose unprepared to build lives of their own . 
ARTY FAX from David Hockney begins a tongue-in-cheek exhibit today at New York 's Andre Emmerich Gallery . 
Of the almost 3,000 athletes surveyed , 1,240 took the time to respond . 
Exxon Corp. said its third-quarter earnings slipped 9 % as profits from two of its three major businesses sagged . 
When I expressed amazement that no one was undertaking a more current and credible UV-B study , I was urged to get back to the agenda topic , which was , ironically , a schedule for getting rid of HCFCs , the so-called soft CFCs that are such an important part of the CFC substitution scenario . 
Scientists call the new class of genes tumor-suppressors , or simply anti-cancer genes . 
The idea is to have money rolling over each year at prevailing interest rates . 
Under the terms of the accord , Ingersoll will pay about $ 255 million for the Register , a daily that Goodson bought for about $ 170 million in 1986 . 
But a Ford spokeswoman in Dearborn said Friday the company has n't requested such a meeting yet . 
Markets -- 
Commercial gene-splicing was born . 
We have as much nostalgia as anyone for those leafy , breezy days in Washington when honorable men and women dickered over budgets and even log-rolled a bit to see that the bridges got build , roads paved , soldiers paid or that the desperately poor were cared for . 
Merrill has been one of the main firms executing index arbitrage for customers . 
That sort of approach , however , has n't worked since the addition of Tiger . 
Goodson has accused Ingersoll of paying less attention to its properties and more to such ventures as the recent launch of the St. Louis Sun . 
As it bids for new agreements , new loans and indeed admission to the civilized world , the Soviet government has recognized it has a credibility problem . 
Continental gave up some of its recent gains , dropping 8 to 338 , as rumors of an impending takeover attempt for the tiremaker faded , brokers said . 
The import quotas got only a 2 1\/2-year extension , and USX is laboring under a staggering $ 5.8 billion debt at a time when it must spend money to upgrade steel mills and drill for oil . 
From the history of capitalism we can take it as a sound bet that if it takes only 43 cents to buy a dollar 's worth of a firm 's capital stock , an alert entrepreneur wo n't look the other way . 
But spokesmen for both Mr. Isler and Mr. Conner say the formation of the new syndicate has to do with Mr. Isler 's desire to skipper his own team and begin planning now , rather than any falling out between the two sportsmen . 
William H.J. Buchanan , the firm 's secretary and associate general counsel , sold 7,000 shares in two separate sales in September for $ 406,000 . 
Ron Dyer 
`` They are growing more pragmatic about their role . '' 
Texaco has purchased an oil-producing company in Texas for $ 476.5 million . 
They added that the settlement is the culmination of a 2 1\/2-year investigation into the company 's aluminum pricing practices in connection with KC-135s . 
On the corporate side , companies claim that monitoring employee phone conversations is both legal and necessary to gauge productivity and ensure good service . 
Subscribing schools get the 12-minute daily Channel One news program , whose four 30-second TV ads during each show have drawn protests from educators . 
Apple shares fell 75 cents in over-the-counter trading to close at $ 48 a share . 
Because of the isolation of the retinoblastoma tumor-suppressor gene , it became possible last January to find out what threat the Quinlan baby faced . 
Under the agreement , Healthcare , a manager of health-care facilities , said it would pay HealthVest $ 3.9 million in overdue rent and mortgage payments and repay $ 1.1 million in funds that HealthVest advanced for construction work on facilities . 
Mr. Lloyd said both Qintex Entertainment and Qintex Australia had attempted to secure a loan that would allow the company to make the $ 5.9 million payment but the request was turned down by an unidentified lender on Oct. 14 . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 41.60 to 2645.08 even though some late selling caused the market to retreat from session highs . 
The securities are rated triple-A by Moody 's and Duff & Phelps Inc . 
`` The bottom line is that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible . 
The two sides were scheduled to meet with the mediator this morning . 
The CWA claims that monitoring not only infringes on employee privacy , but increases stress . 
But investors are betting that the financial and psychological impact of the earthquake , coming so soon after the hurricane , will help stem more than two years of intense price-cutting wars among business insurers . 
The question is how much you get tied in with seedy characters so they can extort you . '' 
`` The SEC has historically paid obeisance to the ideal of a level playing field , '' wrote Clyde S. McGregor of Winnetka , Ill. , in one of the 92 letters the agency has received since the changes were proposed Aug. 17 . 
Microsoft and other software stocks surged , leading the Nasdaq composite index of over-the-counter stocks to its biggest advance of the year on breathtaking volume . 
Sales rose 7.4 % to $ 580 million from $ 540 million . 
Trial and Terror 
Fortunately , an aunt with a college degree bought a small farm and moved us 50 miles north to good schools and an environment that opened the world of opportunity for me as an eight-year-old . 
Using Federal Express delivery last year , Mr. Strum says , `` December was our biggest month . '' 
Alongside the current non-convertible ruble , a second currency would be introduced that could be freely exchanged for dollars and other Western currencies . 
As a result , Mr. Telzrow said he cut his fiscal 1990 per-share earnings estimate for Tandy to $ 4.05 from $ 4.20 . 
Lawyers at such firms as Sullivan & Cromwell ; Willkie Farr & Gallagher ; Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz ; and Fried , Frank , Harris , Shriver & Jacobson all say they , too , have experienced a significant slowdown , particularly during the past few weeks . 
Hepatitis A , considered the least dangerous strain of the virus , has been confirmed in at least one GTE employee , company and city officials said . 
Just the thing for the Vivaldi-at-brunch set , the yuppie audience that has embraced New Age as its very own easy listening . 
And investors and traders alike say the current turmoil could take years to resolve . 
The conventional wisdom is to go into money funds when rates are rising and shift out at times such as the present , when rates seem headed down . 
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker . 
The ice samples are an important piece of evidence supporting theories that the Earth has warmed considerably in recent times , largely because of pollutants in the air , and will warm far more in the century ahead . 
Norway 's unemployment rate for October was 3.6 % , unchanged from September but up from 2.6 % in the same month last year . 
Dr. Lourie says the Justice Department interviewed him last July . 
The New York Stock Exchange Composite was 0.4 % lower for the day . 
Mr. Herman is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
Even if he is , she adds , he appears to have only limited room for maneuver within the Communist Party 's ruling Politburo . 
LTV filed for protection under Chapter 11 in federal bankruptcy court in 1986 . 
Joint-research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan . 
Capital Cities-ABC surged 42 5\/8 to 560 . 
And most of these are absolutely unnecessary . 
Castle Harlan Inc. , a New York merchant bank , and Quantum Fund said they would acquire the assets for a combination of cash and the assumption of certain of Sharon 's liabilities . 
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia-Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised . 
Dunkin ' Donuts Inc. , battling a takeover proposal by Canada 's DD Acquisition Corp. , said that its directors will evaluate takeover offers submitted by Nov. 10 . 
Government entities , continues Mr. Ruvolo , could be protected by the California Government Tort Liability Act . 
Hallwood is a merchant bank whose activities include the ownership , management and financial restructuring of shopping centers , office buildings , apartments and other real estate . 
He is putting money in Dress Barn , Circuit City Stores , Bruno 's , and Rubbermaid . 
The 204-lawyer New York firm will bring in at least 12 partners and a not yet determined number of associates from Golenbock & Barell , which will dissolve Dec. 31 . 
He bases the estimate on a survey of hundreds of Digital 's largest customers . 
In the quarter , the Crum & Forster insurance unit reported $ 200 million before tax of capital gains from property and casualty operations . 
Like almost everything in this wonderfully romantic and edgy movie , Ms. Pfeiffer 's Susie seems like someone you 've seen before , in numerous show-biz stories ( even her name , Susie Diamond , sounds like a character Marilyn Monroe must have played ) . 
Mr. Guber says that Mr. Semel did convey that information and that Mr. Semel said Mr. Ross was `` crazy because of the Time deal , '' meaning , Mr. Guber says , that Mr. Ross `` did not want to communicate to his new merger partner , Time Inc. , that Warner 's agreements provided for our departure under these circumstances . '' 
Microsoft officials said the strong results also reflected continuing high demand for its software applications and operating systems . 
But some clients and analysts expressed concern that Mr. Phillips is n't as well-known to many clients . 
Serial bonds , which all carry 7 % coupons , are priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7 % in 2000 . 
Broward County School District , Fla. -- $ 185 million of school district general obligation bonds , Series 1989 , due 1991-1999 and 2008 , tentatively priced by a First Boston Corp. group to yield from 6.20 % in 1991 to 7.30 % in 2008 . 
So it 's difficult to swallow the notion that Mr. Baker is willing to accept conditions that would help the Khmer Rouge set up shop again in Phnom Penh . 
As with the previous pact , the new agreement covers the country 's debt `` inside the net , '' which applies mainly to repayments due to overseas creditor banks by the private sector . 
We did experience some difficulties with the initial LBO terms and , as your article made clear , successfully restructured our debt earlier this year , something those other retailers have yet to accomplish . 
And the sets are wider , resembling the dimensions of a movie screen . 
Takeover speculation , which has been buoying stocks of supply houses , may also ease , says Peter Sidoti , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
The carrier has n't yet turned a profit . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Individuals close to the situation believe Ford officials will seek a meeting this week with Sir John to outline their proposal for a full bid . 
The company earned $ 18.7 million , or 95 cents a share , a year earlier . 
About 45 % of requests for SBA relief loans , which also are available to homeowners , come from small businesses , compared with a 25 % business share after most disasters . 
Mr. Lynch left Wang this summer for Oracle Systems Inc. , a software vendor . 
If convicted , he could be imprisoned for up to 10 years and fined $ 250,000 . 
Spain 's Socialist Party claimed victory in nationwide elections , saying it had retained its parliamentary majority by one seat . 
It has three U.S. branches . 
Morgan Stanley is expected to price another junk bond deal , $ 350 million of senior subordinated debentures by Continental Cablevision Inc. , next Tuesday . 
Because of the charge , Ashland expects to report a loss for the fourth quarter and `` significantly lower results '' for fiscal 1989 . 
When Mr. Jacobson walked into the office at 7:30 a.m. EDT , he announced : `` OK , buckle up . '' 
I think the market is in good shape . 
Evelyn Boccone , 85 years old , has lived in the district most of her life . 
Such risk taking is an everyday matter for the brash Mr. Nadir , who is 25 % owner of Polly Peck as well as its chairman . 
Reggie Jackson , the retired baseball star , has found another use for them . 
The reason was not high interest rates or labor costs . 
`` At some point , if we are unable to cover our leveraged cost -- and at the moment we 're right on it -- we 're going to have to make a move . 
That leaves the state roughly $ 2 billion to $ 4 billion short . 
Frank grovels a little for the bookers , probably no more or less than he would have to if he worked for a big corporation . 
Already , Congress is toying with legislation to curb the Fed 's independence . 
They wanted reform and they got a revolution , '' says overhaul advocate Rep. Willis Gradison ( R. , Ohio ) . 
But the strategy can backfire ; if the ads appear too self-serving , the companies may end up looking like rank opportunists instead of good Samaritans . 
Already , personnel officials are talking about the need for a `` Phase Two '' cultural-reform effort of some sort . 
It has n't been operating since May 15 because of attacks by native landowners . 
Mr. Stoll draws his title from the cuckoo 's habit of laying eggs in the nests of other birds , making them surrogate parents . 
He says it accounts for 25 % of total sales . 
Peter will take the kernel of that idea and make it grow into something specific ... . '' 
The offer expired at 12:01 a.m. yesterday . 
`` There is risk that is not associated with market moves , and the beta does n't tell you the magnitude of that . '' 
Tom Mongan 
Doskocil Cos. said its bank-debt payments have been extended until May 31 , 1990 , to give it more time to sell its Wilson Foods Corp. retail and fresh meat operations . 
Shareholders will also receive one cent per share for the redemption of preferred stock purchase rights . 
The federal funds rate , which banks charge each other on overnight loans , is considered an early signal of changes in the Fed 's credit policy . 
Wall Street would like UAL Corp. 's board to change its mind about keeping the company independent . 
Nor does it cover the entire portfolio . 
MINOR MEMOS : 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Cray closed down $ 1.125 at $ 34.25 . 
Japanese chemical companies are at work developing their own substitutes and hoping to conquer new markets , of course . 
At the $ 932 million T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund , investors yanked out about $ 182 million in the past two months . 
Sales for the just-ended period fell to about $ 225 million , the maker of computer parts said . 
Reflecting the impact of lower semiconductor prices and cuts in defense spending , Texas Instruments Inc. said third-quarter net income fell 31 % and sales dropped slightly from a year earlier . 
Gorky was a loyal if occasionally ambivalent proletarian writer committed to enlightening the masses with plain speaking rooted in a slightly sour version of Chekhovian humanism . 
Legal strategists say that damage claims against the oil giant and others could well exceed $ 1 billion . 
The case is pending . 
In the year-earlier third quarter , Poughkeepsie Savings had net income of $ 2.8 million , or 77 cents a share . 
But `` Friday did n't help things , '' says Mr. Schaefer . 
Sassy already has recovered ; circulation has quickly passed the 500,000 mark and advertising pages have stabilized this year at more than 300 . 
Last summer , he chucked his 10-year career as a London stockbroker and headed for the mountains . 
China-bound freight streams through the territory 's port . 
The tender offer will be followed by the sale of all of Erbamont 's assets , subject to all of its liabilities , to Montedison . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 4.75 billion from $ 4.22 billion . 
2 ) Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in office -- dealing with national issues ( programmatic actions such as casting roll call votes on legislation that imposes costs and\/or confers benefits on the population at large ) and attending to local issues ( constituency service and pork barrel ) . 
One big problem has been the thoroughbred racehorse market . 
Now , many airline companies might become a lot less attractive as takeover targets on Wall Street . 
Last week , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce began using its national TV show to seek help , such as equipment , for business owners . 
Regulators , as well , might have quashed the deal if Tiger 's pilots had n't been protected , he said . 
And the Fed has at most very limited ability to contribute to the achievement of other objectives by means other than by stabilizing the price level . 
Many investors blame program trading for wild swings in the stock market , including the 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Oct. 13 . 
( Since Litigation Sciences generally represents the defense , its job is usually to help the lawyers identify and remove such people from the jury . ) 
IBM , which made the announcement at the dedication of a research center here , said it invited many other companies to participate as well , including some from Europe . 
The state could also increase gasoline taxes ; every one penny increase in the tax would yield $ 11 million a month . 
( The lobby says no again . ) 
Mr. Alexander , for his part , insisted that the punchers ca n't assign their pummeling rights to anyone else , ca n't use a blunt instrument and ca n't take a running start . 
A six-month , broker-sold CD , for example , was yielding an average 8.09 % in the latest week , a fifth of a percentage point lower than the week before . 
As publisher of a magazine devoted to movies as guideposts for fashion and other fantasies , Ms. Volokh sees her party-giving as an important part of business . 
Laurance V. Allen , 44 , who had been director for North America , resigned to pursue other business interests and do some consulting . 
They 've been able to measure the minuscule movements of the artery wall as the beating heart raises and lowers the pressure of the flowing blood , a first for such tiny blood vessels , they report in Nature , a scientific journal . 
Japanese government bonds showed little change . 
The Arizona banking concern is facing difficulties related to weakness in the real estate market in the state . 
The so-called Louvre accord was seen to have set ranges of 1.70 marks to 1.90 marks and 120 yen to 140 yen . 
A former chairman of the president 's Council of Economic Advisers , Mr. Stein is an American Enterprise Institute fellow . 
It might even have saved the life , and business , of Israel Ortiz . 
And , defenders say , few people complain about futures when stock prices are rising . 
While Mr. Rosenthal introduced new undergarment designs , his wife , Ida , concentrated on sales and other financial matters . 
But he does expect `` a muffler dragger '' of an economy , with `` very slow growth , maybe one quarter of no growth at all . '' 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 700 million in new cash with the sale Tuesday of about $ 10 billion in two-year notes to redeem $ 9.29 billion in maturing notes . 
Its parking lot is inconvenient , the MGM lion's-head logo still appears in places , and customers still call it the Grand , rather than the Bally Grand . 
About a month ago , Michelin Tire Corp. , Greenville , S.C. , began selling mountain-bike tires , for years a Specialized stronghold . 
Diamond-Star said it will export about 1,500 Eclipse cars to Japan by year 's end . 
For the long-term investor who picks stocks carefully , the price volatility can provide welcome buying opportunities as short-term players scramble frantically to sell stocks in a matter of minutes . 
Mr. Moon planned to convert millions of Americans to his unique brand of Christianity -- in which he plays the role of Old Testament-style temporal , political messiah -- and then to make the U.S. part of a unified international theocracy . 
What miffed many USX executives and shareholders was that the acquisition , for $ 3 billion of stock , doubled the USX shares outstanding and considerably diluted them . 
He hurt himself further this summer by bringing homosexual issues into the debate ; and by wavering on this issue and abortion , he has weakened his credibility in what is already a mean-spirited campaign on both sides . 
IBM 's manufacturing staff also will be able to provide software that IBM has developed internally and will be able to form teams with a customer to jointly solve manufacturing problems . 
Since Anchor is still seeking this waiver , Vitro said the tender offer is being extended until 5 p.m. EST tomorrow . 
Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Resorts International , Braniff , Integrated Resources , SCI TV , Gillette Holdings , Western Electric and Southmark . 
Guarantee by Credit Suisse . 
President Bush will veto a bill funding the Departments of Labor , Education and Health and Human Services because it would allow federal funding of abortions for victims of rape and incest , the White House said . 
The Oakland grocery retailer , closely held since a $ 4.2 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 , said profit for the three months ended Sept. 9 was $ 7.1 million , compared with $ 23 million a year earlier . 
Benny Chin , manager of the Galileo probe , compared it to watching a child leave home . 
Three of the largest offerings , by Exxon Capital Corp. , Xerox Corp. and Citicorp , were underwritten by groups led by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
`` Do n't you think I ought to get a commission ... or part of your fee in this case ? '' Mr. Green said the judge asked him . 
Mr. Evans told the board he needed the weekend to think about it . 
The session is to consider a defensive plan to spin off assets to fend off Sir James Goldsmith 's # 13.4 billion bid for B.A.T . 
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for-profit businesses . 
but worries about 1990 . 
e - Estimated . 
From my own point of view , given the qualities of humanity , creativity and warm spirit in which the Cuban people excel , we deny ourselves access to things we hold dear , and which seem to run in such short supply these days . 
They are also indirectly subject to approval by the state of New Hampshire , where residents fear soaring rates to pay for the cost of reorganization . 
Cuba was elected to the U.N. Security Council for the first time since its Castro-led revolution 30 years ago . 
The Fed arranged $ 1.5 billion of customer repurchase agreements Tuesday , the second repurchase agreement in two days . 
Earlier this year , Dataproducts had rejected a $ 15 a share offer from DPC , saying it was n't adequately financed . 
The raiders , meanwhile , have evolved their own pattern for spending their new millions . 
It said it will exercise that right only if it sells substantially all of its other core businesses . 
Lang is cutting costs and will attempt to operate the magazine with only subscription revenue . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Trading activity cooled off from Monday 's sizzling pace . 
You get a rain at the wrong time and the crop is ruined . '' 
Higher-income people also tend to be more brand loyal these days , the Journal survey and other research studies indicate . 
The transaction has been approved by Kyle 's board , but requires the approval of the company 's shareholders . 
Solidarity wants it from the West . 
Of course I 'd rather have a computer software firm in my backyard than a hazardous waste incinerator . 
They stopped short of resuming diplomatic ties , severed in 1979 . 
APPLE COMPUTER CO. , Cupertino , computer maker , annual sales of $ 4.07 billion , OTC , sustained some structural damage . 
The letter , dated last Thursday , cited the losses at Valley National , and at United Bank , also of Phoenix , where Mr. Simmons was chairman for 29 years . 
Then , when it would have been easier to resist them , nothing was done and my brother was murdered by the drug mafias three years ago . 
The issue brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 30.2 billion and its total volume to $ 42.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
Relying on the preamble 's statement that a fetus is an unborn child , the two St. Louis County Circuit Court judges in August accepted the justification that the abortion clinic protesters were trying to save lives . 
Ms. Kolber said the committee had received other bids . 
Traders attributed rallies in a number of stocks to a Japanese buy program that PaineWebber carried out as part of a shift in portfolio strategy , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
In Canada and the U.S. , Whitbread owns The Keg chain of steak and seafood restaurants . 
Of some 160 switches in Pacific Bell 's network , only four went down . 
Mobil , which said it plans to cut its exploration and production work force by about 8 % in a restructuring , dropped 5\/8 to 56 1\/8 . 
We ca n't afford to wait . '' 
`` As this is now a litigation matter , we have no further comment . '' 
Walter Sisulu , the ANC 's former secretary general who served 26 years in prison before being released two weeks ago , urged peace , negotiation and discipline . 
Mazda Motor Corp. is still considering its options , but it boldly aims to double its annual domestic sales to 800,000 cars in the next four years . 
The G-7 comprises West Germany , the U.S. , France , the U.K. , Italy , Canada and Japan . 
Shareholders of Central , a bank holding company based in Sterling , Ill. , will receive Amcore stock equal to 10 times Central 's 1989 earnings , Amcore said . 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 986 million from $ 937 million . 
Further , McCaw said the banks expressed confidence that the balance of the $ 4.5 billion bank facility will be committed within the next several weeks by a syndicate of foreign and domestic banks . 
She represents a new breed of savvy consumer who puts bargain prices , nutritional and environmental concerns , and other priorities ahead of old-fashioned brand loyalty . 
Among the suggestions : Pantyhose and men 's ties could be used for slings , while removable wooden shelves might aid in `` breaking through office walls . '' 
The current contract pays the NFL $ 1.4 billion . 
The Dayton , Ohio , maker of parts for the building and transportation industries said holders of the two issues can convert their stock into common shares through the close of business Dec. 1 . 
Share earnings are reported on a fully diluted basis , by company tradition . 
Our heavy users consume two to three cans of soup a week , and we 'd like to increase that . '' 
`` I realized I could n't waste this water when there are people in Watsonville who do n't have fresh water to drink . '' 
Mr. Schwartz said the recent increase in orders `` puts us well on the way to our goal of $ 1.6 billion in bookings for the year . '' 
Written by Barbara Benedek , co-author of `` The Big Chill , '' `` Immediate Family '' takes the position that only rich people living in nice houses should have children . 
Jack Ellis , a U.S. postal inspector in New York , says the Postal Service 's only job is to deliver the mail to the mail room ; once it gets there , a company can do with it what it wishes . 
On Wednesday , the market opened bullishly with high turnover , ignoring the volatility in New York stocks . 
Rebel artillerists bombarded the capital of Afghanistan , killing at least 12 people , as the Soviet Union was reported to be airlifting arms and food to Kabul 's forces . 
But in California , says Craig Ito , a Fuji-apple grower , `` There 's a Fuji apple cult . 
Cray Research Inc. won government clearance for its proposed reorganization of founder Seymour Cray 's supercomputer design team into a separate company . 
Analysts said the numbers were better than expectations , partly because of strong profit margins and a positive foreign-currency translation . 
Indeed , there are legitimate hedging strategies used by managers of large portfolios such as pension funds that involve program trading as a means of protecting the assets of their pension beneficiaries . '' 
Sunday , Oct. 29 , 8-11 p.m. EST , on ABC : `` The Final Days . '' 
Alfred Sikes , the new FCC chairman , championed deregulation of AT&T at his last job as head of a Commerce Department telecommunications agency . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % one month ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % two months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % four months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
Will Ogonyok begin a series of reports analyzing the failures of perestroika ? 
White , 24 years old , a singer in her church choir , she symbolizes a generation that gave its heart and its vote to Ronald Reagan . 
U.S. . AND BRITISH LAW FIRMS announce rare joint venture in Tokyo . 
One devoted fan who fell under Baker 's spell in 1963 and began collecting Baker memorabilia was Bryan Hammond . 
IBM rose 2 3\/8 to 104 1\/8 as 2.2 million shares changed hands . 
I suggest that The Wall Street Journal ( as well as other U.S. news publications of like mind ) should put its money where its mouth is : Lend computer equipment to replace that damaged at El Espectador , buy ad space , publish stories under the bylines of El Espectador journalists . 
When his wife , Betsy , came down the aisle on their wedding day in 1966 , Mr. Engelken -- no slouch on the romantic front -- gave her the ultimate compliment : `` You look prettier than Bobby Thomson 's home run . '' 
Commercial and industrial construction rose sharply , partly because of three large projects , each expected to cost more than $ 100 million . 
The market also moved at early afternoon on news that Jaguar shares were being temporarily suspended at 746 pence ( $ 11.80 ) each . 
Egon Krenz , the man tapped yesterday to become East Germany 's new leader , faces the same task that has fallen to neighboring socialist colleagues : reforming a country in crisis . 
The fine and suspension , announced in August , are the stiffest sanctions the Comex has ever ordered against one of its members . 
But in the `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' case the author found most of his material in court records or via the Freedom of Information Act . 
The bill must be enacted before the cuts can be restored . 
The entry fee is affordable : Issues typically are sold in minimum denominations of $ 1,000 . 
The sports lineup may add only 1 % to 5 % to a station 's annual profits . 
The tentative agreement calls for 3M to use the 115,000-square-foot plant and 19 acres of land for research laboratories . 
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities . 
Coke has been studying the possibility of introducing a caffeine-free Classic for a year , a company spokesman said . 
Reimbursement claims must be filed with the IRS district or service-center director within a year after the expense accrues . 
`` Who would bid against Paribas ? '' 
So it was with the Hiss case a generation later , when Alger Hiss became a lightning rod for the anxieties of the Cold War and conflicting attitudes toward the New Deal he had served . 
The properties held by FADA wo n't be sold piecemeal , Mr. Seidman said in a speech before Southern Methodist University Business School in Dallas . 
IN SIZING UP the risks of stock-market investments , there 's probably no starting place better than `` beta . '' 
I do n't want companies to be built around me as a person . 
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday . 
One of these is Jeffrey L. Beach , director of research for Underwood Neuhaus & Co. , a brokerage house in Houston , who thinks that `` we 're either in a recession or about to go into one . '' 
Harry Schwartz , a soft commodity specialist for Cargill Investors Services in New York , said the only report Ghana has issued about the arrival of cocoa from the interior was for 7,839 metric tons as of Oct. 12 . 
Adding to that speculation is Mr. Krenz 's reputation as a heavy drinker , who is said to also suffer from diabetes . 
Nekoosa is incorporated in Maine . 
The government 's startling allegations , filed only days before the scheduled start of a criminal overcharge trial against GE in Philadelphia federal district court , challenge the motives and veracity of the nation 's third-largest defense contractor . 
There was a wanted poster offering `` Rewards for the Arrest of Express and Train Robbers Frank James and Jesse W. James '' and the original Pinkerton 's logo with an open eye and the inscription `` We Never Sleep , '' which inspired the phrase `` private eye . '' 
In recent contract negotiations with Pemex management , Mr. Guzman Cabrera accepted major concessions that greatly curtail the union 's role in subcontracting , long a source of millions of dollars in illicit earnings . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. , buoyed by improved operating profit in its tire segment , reported that third-quarter net income rose 11 % to $ 70.5 million , or $ 1.22 a share . 
To help do this , Mr. Palmer developed a portable massage chair three years ago that he hopes will bring `` structured touching '' into mainstream America . 
Salomon Brothers confirmed that it has had a buy recommendation on the stock for about two years . 
There 's a casino , the financial heart of it all . 
Meanwhile , underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. are expected today to price a $ 350 million high-yield offering by Continental Cablevision Inc . 
In Houston , we have seen how bad the housing problem can become . 
Mr. Arias 's long-time refusal to support the U.S. 's campaign against leftist Nicaragua earned him the ire of the Reagan White House . 
`` The bottom line is that he is a very genuine and decent guy , '' says Malcolm Hoenlein , a Jewish community leader . 
Following is a weekly listing of unadited net asset values of publicly traded investment fund shares , reported by the companies as of Friday 's close . 
But sometimes more energetic attacks are required . 
Though analysts say competition will probably hold down increases in retail energy prices , many expect some of the wholesale rise to be passed along to the consumer before the end of the year . 
Stabilizing the derivative markets would tend to stabilize the primary market . 
I want them to stand alone . 
Mr. Carpenter this month sold off Kidder 's eight brokerage offices in Florida and Puerto Rico to Merrill Lynch & Co. , refueling speculation that Kidder is getting out of the brokerage business entirely . 
Stores in upper-income neighborhoods , for instance , will carry high-priced wines , publications such as Vanity Fair , gourmet pasta sauces , oat bran cereals and Weight Watchers and Pritikin products . 
And the Pentagon said dozens of additional crews and transport aircraft were on alert `` awaiting orders to move emergency supplies . '' 
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said . 
Consequently , Michael Darby , undersecretary for economic affairs at the Commerce Department , said inflation probably will edge up from the third-quarter rate in the final three months of 1989 . 
Some 50 % expect real estate in their local area to increase in value over the next 12 months . 
`` I consider this a second career , '' he said . 
Adults with AIDS have had access to AZT since FDA approved the drug 's usage for adults in March 1987 . 
`` Thank God we have some deal on the table , '' said Stewart Gilchrist , a director at Scottish Amicable Investment Managers , which intends to vote its roughly 1 % stake in favor of the restructuring . 
Seats are currently quoted at $ 151,000 , bid , and $ 162,000 , asked . 
UAL'S STOCK SKIDDED an additional $ 24.875 , to $ 198 , as British Airways indicated it may balk at any hastily revised version of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Air 's parent . 
But it continued to badly trail its San Francisco neighbor , Wells Fargo & Co. , which reported an extraordinary 1.25 % return on assets . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Gillett risks losing his entire equity investment of about $ 100 million in SCI TV if the company ca n't be restructured . 
The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing Feb. 1 , 1990 , and May 3 , 1990 , respectively . 
Short interest , which represents the number of shares borrowed and sold , but not yet replaced , can be a bad-expectations barometer for many stocks . 
As a model of capitalist efficiency on southern China 's doorstep , Hong Kong 's prospects look good . 
One secretary testified that the judge once called her to his office while wearing nothing at all . 
The battle focuses on the state 's certificate-of-need law , which regulates investment in new medical technology . 
Mr. Revson , the gossip columnist , says there are people who actually plan whose names they are going to drop before attending a party . 
Mr. Pearce has shaken up GM 's legal staff by eliminating all titles and establishing several new functions , including a special-projects group that has made films on safety and drunk driving . 
This avoids knocking down prices further . 
Park Tower General Counsel Matthew Mayer said the development team will have to review two additional lawsuits before putting up a $ 155 million letter of credit to cover condemnation costs . 
While welcoming Nicholas McInnes 's Sept. 18 letter offering corrections to your `` World-Wide Tax Revolution '' table ( editorial page , Aug. 29 ) , I am surprised that he neglected other errors that , for some of us , strike close to home . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it received a three-year contract valued at more than $ 15 million to provide network , credit-card and other telecommunications services to Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Shearson is offering the notes as 6 3\/4 % securities priced to yield 6.15 % . 
Mr. Niciporuk sits . 
General Motors Corp. , a Deloitte audit client , for example , has agreed to keep its annual $ 18 million world-wide audit and associated tax work with the merged Deloitte-Touche firm , to be known as Deloitte & Touche in the U.S. . 
In a prepared statement from Australia , the company also said that , following the breakdown of the MGM talks , it `` had been re-evaluating its position as a significant shareholder and a substantial creditor of Qintex Entertainment '' and had `` resolved to minimize the degree of further loans to Qintex Entertainment in excess of that previously made . '' 
Shamir said Tuesday that he was prepared to risk a policy conflict with the U.S. over an Egyptian plan to hold direct Israeli-Palestinian talks , which the premier 's Likud bloc opposes . 
Instead of flooding the entire economy with liquidity , and thereby increasing the danger of inflation , the Fed could support the stock market directly by buying market averages in the futures market , thus stabilizing the market as a whole . 
Dealers said players shied away from the note sale because they were concerned that prices at the time of the auction might erode if the stock market staged a recovery , which , in fact , did happen . 
Freight rates , declining for most of the decade because of competition spurred by deregulation , are bottoming out , turning upward and threatening to fuel inflation . 
Imports rose sharply in the period , to $ 5.19 billion from $ 4.04 billion a year earlier , a change of 28 % . 
A soluble form of the receptor might turn off a specific part of the immune response without general immune suppression , the company said . 
If you 're still wondering about the causes of the slump in the junk-bond market , consider the case of Columbia Savings & Loan . 
First Boston , whose holding company , CS First Boston Group , is one of the larger issuers of bridge loans on Wall Street , said it is also concerned that once the SEC has the power to monitor holding companies , it will try to regulate their activities . 
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls . 
All this havoc is the result of one of the worst busts in Arizona 's boom-and-bust history , compounded by some of the usual suspects in 1980s banking debacles : greed , fraud and plain bad banking . 
`` The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , '' said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer . 
Richard L. Sherman , 42 , will advise midsized businesses . 
Additionally , the bank is increasing its loan-loss reserves for the third quarter by $ 8.5 million before taxes . 
Sources close to the family of Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto said she is expecting a second child , probably early next year . 
The biggest flurry of investor activity came early in the day . 
`` The pricing will become more realistic , which should help management , '' said Bruce Rosenthal , a New York investment banker with Nathan S. Jonas & Co . 
Yesterday 's edition incorrectly reported Monday 's trading volume as a record for the S&P 500 contract . 
BAY AREA COMMUTERS BATTLED earthquake-related transportation snarls . 
Phillip J. Stuecker , 37 , vice president , secretary and treasurer , was named vice president of finance and chief financial officer . 
Costa Rica had been negotiating with the U.S. and other banks for three years , but the debt plan was rushed to completion in order to be announced at the meeting . 
The resulting stockpiling has depressed the market . 
Big Board traders said a 200,000-share buy order at $ 150 a share entered by Bear , Stearns & Co. , which was active in UAL stock all day , is what set off the UAL crowd in the late afternoon . 
The stock market 's decline , coming after a record weekly gain of 119.88 points , surprised some investors . 
Not even all the brokerage firms see clear sailing ahead . 
It did n't say if its year-earlier results were influenced significantly by nonrecurring elements . 
The amount is equal to about 30 years earnings for the average peasant , who makes $ 145 a year ... . 
`` We have to make it attractive enough that { holders } would accept it , '' Sir John said . 
This conjures up images of a nation full of trim , muscular folks , and suggests couch potatoes are out of season . 
The law sets a deficit target of $ 100 billion for fiscal 1990 . 
Investors can get slightly higher yields on deposits below $ 50,000 than they can on deposits of $ 90,000 and up . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
More shirts and sweaters will be laid out on tables , instead of sitting behind glass cases , so that customers can `` walk up and touch them , '' Mr. Roberti says . 
The pilots ' insistence on majority ownership also may make the idea of a recapitalization difficult to achieve . 
It is one of the states that have met with Mr. Cohen and asked for additional information about investors ' accounts and other matters . 
A spokesman for the retail jeweler said the company would provide more details today and that it expects to reach a definitive agreement by the end of the week . 
Mr. Paul has a plan to bring in $ 150 million by selling off 63 of CenTrust 's 71 branches , but it has yet to be approved by regulators . 
The MMI is a 20-stock index that mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
Exchange officials extended trading hours , 75 minutes on Monday and 65 minutes on Tuesday , to clear up order backlogs . 
Market-based pollution control may consume some capital that would otherwise purchase state industries . 
Economists said the report raised speculation that the economic slowdown could turn into a recession , which would pave the way for the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates . 
The result `` will ultimately be a very different group in size and structure , '' Bond Corp. directors said in a statement . 
Beef prices , hovering near records since the drought , could drop in earnest this winter if ranchers expand herds . 
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , First Union shares rose 25 cents to $ 23 . 
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi-tech powerhouses is only half right . 
After the legislature confirmed him as the Communist Party leader , Krenz said demonstrations to demand democratic freedoms could cause a `` worsening of the situation , or confrontation . '' 
However , peace efforts by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias have n't always helped the country 's cause in Washington . 
`` It 's impossible to overstate how much this means to the families of these patients , '' said Samuel Broder , director of the National Cancer Institute and a main developer of AZT . 
Nearly two months after saying it had been the victim of widespread fraud , MiniScribe Corp. disclosed it had a negative net worth of $ 88 million as of July 2 and hinted that it might be forced to file for protection under bankruptcy laws . 
Joe F. Lynch , the 56-year-old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company . 
The per-share loss for the Paramus , N.J. , food-services concern totaled seven cents , compared with earnings of 51 cents a share a year earlier . 
The current ruble rate has long been out of line with the black market . 
Next wo n't comment on when it will do the same , but is believed to have a color model under development . 
Until 1980 , when Japan joined the $ 10,000 per capita GNP club of the advanced countries , it was a model developing nation . 
If that happens , Chairman Greenspan could well become an open target . 
That means Unisys must pay about $ 100 million in interest every quarter , on top of $ 27 million in dividends on preferred stock . 
`` Their powerful members manage them . '' 
He said Western Digital has reacted swiftly to the movement to video graphics array , VGA , graphics technology from the old enhanced graphics adapter , EGA , which has a lower resolution standard , technology and now is one of the leading producers of these newer units . 
One of the two British companies still making hard toilet paper stopped production of it . 
Traders expect the bonds to yield about 0.60 to 0.65 percentage point above the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond , which ended Tuesday with a yield of about 7.90 % . 
r - Revised . 
The list of laboratories claiming to be producing inexplicable amounts of heat from `` cold fusion '' experiments is slowly growing . 
Of the big computer makers , only Apple Computer Co. bases its machines on Motorola chips instead . 
Ashland expects that sale to be complete next year . 
The comptroller 's office also said that of 37,000 complaints it received since January 1987 , only 16 alleged racial discrimination in real estate lending . 
The previous period 's results included a $ 108 million pretax charge related to unrecoverable contract costs and a $ 12.3 million pretax gain on real estate sales . 
U.S. Memories said it will begin visits during the next several weeks to sites in Austin , Texas ; Colorado Springs , Colo. ; Middletown , N.Y. ; and Phoenix , Ariz . 
They observe that persistent Japanese investor demand for dollars for both portfolio and direct investment has kept a base of support for the dollar at around 140 yen . 
Thomas P. Marrie , chief financial officer , would n't comment about the details of the negotiations . 
Not-Held Order : This is another timing order . 
In the House-passed tax bill , Mr. Thevenot got his wish ; real-estate assets are included in the capital-gains provision . 
Integrated Resources said talks have ended with another potential buyer of its core businesses . 
Fuel cost adjustments could change the effective rate increases , however . 
The 400-member Alliance of Floor Brokers said the new product , with the $ 5 million minimum , will benefit only big institutional investors and could lead to `` wild spasms of volatility . '' 
Santa Fe Pacific Realty owns 2.8 million acres of property , including 219 buildings with more than 11 million square feet of space . 
On Nov. 15 , when Brazilians elect a president for the first time in 29 years , the country 's 82 million voters will have 22 candidates to choose from . 
While people within Daiwa , particularly internationalists , expected that Mr. Dozen , 52 , would eventually become Daiwa 's president , the speed of his promotion surprised many . 
Treasury bonds ended narrowly mixed in quiet trading . 
If you assign your income to another , you still have controlled its disposition and enjoyed the fruits of your labor , even if indirectly . 
What is greatness ? 
The state attorney general 's office filed suit against five New York brokerage firms , charging them with responsibility for much of a $ 200 million loss incurred by the state treasurer 's office in 1987 . 
In the first nine months , net was $ 140 million , or $ 1.23 a share , on sales of $ 1.44 billion . 
New York City bonds have been beaten down for three straight weeks . 
One basis for linking change in the East and change in the West is the notion that integrating 110 million Eastern Europeans with 320 million Western Europeans is primarily the task of Europeans , despite the U.S. 's obvious strategic and economic interest . 
Big buyers like Procter & Gamble say there are other spots on the globe , and in India , where the seed could be grown . 
Some people argue that strong brands can afford to stop advertising for a time because of the residual impact of hundreds of millions of dollars spent on advertising through the years . 
The exchanges contend that dual trading improves liquidity in the markets because traders can buy or sell even when they do n't have a customer order in hand . 
The ceiling would be lifted to 21.5 million barrels to provide Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates much higher official quotas while reducing percentage shares of some others . 
Pacific First Financial Corp. said it signed a non-binding letter of intent to acquire the construction lending unit of Old Stone Bank of California . 
And rumors of forced selling by takeover-stock traders triggered a 25-point downdraft in the Dow Jones Industrial Average around 11:15 a.m. EDT yesterday . 
Baltimore Gas & Electric Co. -- $ 100 million of first and refunding mortgage bonds , due Oct. 15 , 1999 , through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , offered at par to yield 8.40 % . 
While Monday 's rebounding markets helped other investors recoup losses , many options customers and professional traders in stock-index options and the options on takeover stocks were left with multimillion-dollar losses , traders here and in New York said . 
Indeed , one of his first actions as leader was to visit a gritty machine factory on the outskirts of Berlin and wander among the workers -- a la Gorbachev . 
Meanwhile , his big losses , for instance in 1987 's crash , generally have been trading losses . 
Lawrence Insurance underwrites mostly primary insurance , a company spokesman said . 
`` It would be surprising if they did n't come to Frankfurt in time for 1992 , and they bring an interesting tradition . 
Mr. Laff 's attorney , John Lang , filed a memorandum asking that the trial record include a secretly taped conversation in which the witness , Henry Lorin , told a Haas stockbroker that Mr. Laff should be killed . 
`` What you 'll hear as we get into December is that sales are sluggish , '' predicts Woolworth 's Mr. Sells . 
December delivery gold fell $ 1.80 an ounce to $ 370.60 . 
Responses were weighted on the basis of age and gender to conform with U.S. Census data . 
Researchers could n't estimate the cost of the drug when it reaches the market , but they said FK-506 will enable patients to cut hospital stays by 50 % and reduce the number of blood tests used to monitor the dosage of cyclosporine and other drugs among transplant recipients . 
Mr. Kelly built the company 's high-yield bond group , which has been a minor player in the junk-bond arena . 
PARKER HANNIFIN Corp. , which is selling three automotive replacement parts divisions , said it will retain its Automotive Connectors and Cliff Impact divisions . 
Ms. Rose is best on the early years and World War II . 
The New York-based tobacco , food and beer concern said revenue increased to $ 11.25 billion from $ 7.74 billion . 
The company 's turnaround is far from complete ; many crucial tests are just beginning . 
In the recent Upper House and Tokyo metropolitan congressional elections , in which the Socialist Party won a runaway victory , 60 % of all women voted , as opposed to the usual 40 % . 
At a time when most analysts and industry consultants say pulp and paper prices are heading for a dive , adding capacity and debt could squeeze Georgia-Pacific if the industry declines more than the company expects . 
`` Utilization management needs to better demonstrate that it reduces the wasteful use of resources , improves the appropriateness of patient care and imposes only reasonable burdens on patients and providers , '' the panel concluded . 
G. William Ryan , president of Post-Newsweek Stations , was named chief executive officer of the unit of this media company , effective Jan. 1 . 
As a presidential candidate in 1980 , George Bush forthrightly expressed his position on abortion in an interview with Rolling Stone magazine published that March . 
Few market participants expect the U.S. unit to rally sharply on the news , if it turns out as expected . 
Sentiment was helped by the small gain made by New York stocks Wednesday despite anxiety over possible effects of the major earthquake that struck northern California Tuesday . 
The usually cautious giant will become the majority owner of the company that owns New York 's beloved Rockefeller Center at a time when tensions over Japanese purchases of U.S. property are at an all-time high . 
Salomon , moreover , gets its data on art appreciation from Sotheby 's , whose prices go up with clients like Mr. Paul in its thrall . 
ShowBiz Pizza Time gained 1 1\/2 to 13 . 
`` It also means she will never have to know whether she had actually been pregnant . '' 
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait-and-see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign-currency market and New York stocks , traders said . 
On similarities between China and the Soviet Union : `` In important particulars , the Soviets are different from the Chinese . 
The Japanese government does n't allow this . 
With $ 150 billion of CDs maturing this month , a lot of people have been scouring the financial landscape for just such an investment . 
Two years ago , the futures exchange was the envy of other would-be futures centers . 
The Atlanta-based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . 
Mr. Pilson is an unlikely big spender . 
Sales rose 8.2 % to $ 848.7 million from $ 784.5 million . 
And as a result -- as the recent vote by the House to undo Mr. Cheney 's program terminations suggests -- the preservation of jobs is becoming the real goal of defense `` strategy . '' 
The film producer , owned by Madrid-based financier Jacques Hachuel , received a 5 % stake in the Barcelona-based publishing group . 
In Tuesday 's gyrating session , the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell by 80 points early in the day , but finished with less than a four-point loss . 
China could exhaust its foreign-exchange reserves as early as next year , a Western government report says , unless imports are cut drastically to help narrow the balance-of-payments deficit . 
Glenn Hall contributed to this article . 
Detroit tries to counter the foreign invasion with new brands of its own . 
Michael Grobstein , 46 years old , was named vice chairman for planning , marketing and industry services , a new post . 
UAL tumbled $ 56.875 to $ 222.875 on volume of 2.3 million shares , and AMR declined by $ 22.125 to $ 76.50 as 4.7 million shares changed hands . 
Estimated volume was a light two million ounces . 
Some analysts said Inco , which had cash reserves of $ 272 million as of Sept. 30 , could still announce a special dividend in the next few months , though it would be smaller than the $ 10-a-share special dividend it paid last year . 
The USS Lexington returned to dock in Pensacola , Fla. , following an accident Sunday in which the pilot of a training jet crashed into the ship , killing five sailors . 
The SEC at the same time approved a similar but smaller basket product on the Chicago Board Options Exchange , where the minimum will be $ 1.7 million . 
Meanwhile , the brokerage firms in San Francisco were trying to cope . 
Combined with their two pre-quake victories , way back on Oct. 14 and 15 ( the scores were 5-0 and 5-1 , remember ? ) , that gave them a sweep of the best-of-seven series . 
IBM 's announcement , which was expected and will formally be made to customers today , also marks an attempt to gain credibility on the plant floor , where Digital Equipment Corp. has long dominated and where Hewlett-Packard Co. has recently gained market share . 
He is also accused of lying under oath and of leaking information obtained from a wiretap he supervised . 
Just last week , a House Ways and Means subcommittee held a lengthy meeting to hear the pleas of individual cities , companies and interest groups who want to open their own special loopholes . 
The company attributed much of the growth in earnings to increased demand for its systems productivity software . 
Two steps are necessary to translate this idea into action . 
Often these closings come after vigorous anti-bike lobbying by conservation organizations , the politically potent Sierra Club among them . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
What could imply more safety than investing in government bonds ? 
The Labor Department said wage increases in manufacturing industries continue to be smaller than those in other industries . 
a - Monthly construction contract values are reported on an annualized , seasonally adjusted basis . 
Qintex Entertainment was depending on Qintex Australia to arrange financing . 
It has more sugar `` than any apple we 've ever tested , '' says Duane Greene , a University of Massachusetts pomologist , or apple scholar . 
Philip Morris Cos. , New York , adopted a defense measure designed to make a hostile takeover prohibitively expensive . 
But what kind of initiative can you expect given the climate set by Congress ? 
Most also were relatively undercapitalized compared with the size of most Wall Street securities firms . 
In life , she offers practical dieting advice : `` Divide your meals into important and unimportant . 
But no one has made a serious effort to transplant the crop . 
In the 15 companies I studied , reversal rates range on the average from 20 % to 40 % . 
Still , without the assurance of British Airways ' financial backing , it will be tougher for the buy-out group to convince already-reluctant banks to make loan commitments for a revised bid , especially since British Air 's original investment represented 78 % of the cash equity contribution for the bid . 
`` The impact wo n't be that great , '' said Graeme Lidgerwood of First Boston Corp . 
Mr. Mehta observed that the U.S. merchandise trade deficit , which rose sharply in August , according to yesterday 's report , has been having less and less impact on the gold market . 
J. Thomas Allen , president of Pittsburgh-based Advanced Investment Management Inc. , agrees it 's a good idea to jump between the S&P 500 stocks and futures . 
Running for President in 1980 and 1988 , George Bush also persuasively diagnosed the economic stagnation of the 1970s . 
Mr. Phillips said the company 's expected margin improvement will be all but inevitable , given that the company 's profitability was dragged down this year by an expensive move to luxurious , oversized new New York headquarters . 
These two New Crowd families lived in the same apartment building , with the Postel penthouse perched on top of the Gutfreund duplex . 
Among the other high-yielding funds , Fidelity 's Spartan Fund had a seven-day compound yield of 9.33 % in the latest week . 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
Some flight attendants on charter planes are putting in 20-hour work days , the study found . 
Sir John has spurned Ford 's advances since the U.S. auto giant launched a surprise bid for as much as 15 % of Jaguar last month . 
In a separate development , PS of New Hampshire gave 60 managers severance agreements that would pay one to three years ' salary if their jobs were changed or they were dismissed in the wake of a takeover . 
`` More money has been lost reaching for yield than in all the stock speculations , scams and frauds of all time . '' 
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . '' 
A serious economic downturn , pessimists observe , could hurt the expansionists . 
Revenue and sales increased 7.5 % to $ 423.9 million from $ 394.4 million a year earlier . 
The majority decision contended that the phrase was a rational interpretation of Mr. Masson 's description of himself as a `` private asset but a public liability '' to Anna Freud and that in any case it was not defamatory . 
Block 's tax-preparation business is mature , they say , and some of its diversifications are facing tough competition . 
`` One thing you can bet on , '' he says , `` is that Congress will do stupid things with the Tax Code . '' 
World-wide sales of Warner-Lambert 's non-prescription health-care products , such as Halls cough tablets , Rolaids antacid , and Lubriderm skin lotion , increased 3 % to $ 362 million in the third quarter ; U.S. sales rose 5 % . 
Nine-month sales grew 12 % to $ 3.39 billion from $ 3.03 billion a year earlier . 
This year is the 75th anniversary of the Federal Reserve System , and some members of Congress think it 's time to take a fresh look at the nation 's central bank . 
Mr. Bergsma said Akzo is likely to see strong profit growth from coatings as it realizes cost savings and other benefits from its greater scale . 
This picture is about a middle-aged son who makes sure that his delayed bond with his father will last by waiting to cement it until just before the old man dies . 
But do n't do anything rash . 
Chez Panisse , whose founder , Alice Waters , is considered the inventor of the cooking style known as California cuisine and whose patrons make reservations a month in advance , has n't exactly subjected diners to vanilla ice cream because of the theft . 
Despite that , when the Johns Hopkins scientists compared the gene they had found in the human cancer cells with the Mr. Levine 's p53 gene they found the two were identical ; it turned out that in Mr. Levine 's cancer studies , he had unknowingly been observing a damaged form of p53 -- a cancer-suppressing gene . 
Friday 's big fall was `` just a blunder by the stock market , '' says John Connolly , chief strategist for Dean Witter . 
Ginnie Mae 9 % securities ended at 98 6\/32 , up 9\/32 , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. 9 % securities were at 97 10\/32 , up 6\/32 . 
Another takeover target , LIN Broadcasting , rose 1\/2 to 109 1\/4 on 495,000 shares . 
The 7 % Treasury bond due October 1999 ended off 0.60 point to 99.35 to yield 7.09 % , while the 6 3\/4 % notes due 1994 fell 0.35 point to 97.25 to yield 7.45 % . 
But yesterday 's action put to rest any lingering resistance from tobacco interests . 
They should never be on . 
( There are seven major languages and more than 70 dialects in the country . ) 
The Iraqi oil minister and Saudi oil minister Hisham Nazer insisted in their comments to the conference that their countries would act responsibly to maintain a stable market . 
Cray Research Inc. said it sold one of its newest and largest computer systems , the Cray Y-MP\/832 , to the United Kingdom Meteorological Office . 
Imperial Holly fell 1 5\/8 to 27 1\/8 in the wake of its third-quarter earnings report . 
The company , which last month paid # 50.7 million for regional British brewer Boddington Group PLC , has about 13 % of the British beer market . 
Average attendance at their games , about 49,000 last year , continues flat . 
For instance , it releases Mr. Sisulu without conditions , yet his son , Zwelakhe , a newspaper editor , is restricted to his home much of the day and is n't allowed to work as a journalist . 
South Africa 's government dismissed demands by right-wing Conservatives , the nation 's main opposition party , for emergency talks on Pretoria 's recent tolerance of dissent . 
For several months , officials at the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board have suspected that a metallurgical flaw in the disk led to a crack that ultimately caused the tail engine to break apart in flight . 
Ms. Haag plays Elianti . 
Analysts believe the car makers also will create joint ventures to develop new executive models , doubling Jaguar 's yearly output of 50,000 cars . 
The stock closed yesterday on the Big Board at $ 28.75 , down 12.5 cents . 
So the men who ran the grain pits listened when Joseph Sullivan , a 35-year-old former Wall Street Journal newsman , offered them the idea of all-options trading . 
While there are n't any major deals in the works currently on the scale of Sony Corp. 's recent $ 3.4 billion agreement to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , observers do n't rule out a transaction of that size . 
Edward O'Brien , president of the Securities Industry Association , said that the securities-industry trade group opposes the bill as it is written but that it is `` hopeful a compromise can be reached to achieve the SEC 's goals . '' 
Instead of realizing his mistake in letting the exchange rate dominate both British economic policy and Mrs. Thatcher 's political fortune , Mr. Lawson pushed for tying the pound formally to the mark by entering the European Monetary System , which subordinates all member currencies to German monetary policy . 
But Goodyear said total U.S. tire unit sales were off about 2 % . 
Until GAO 's recent audit , FHA books had not been subject to a complete external audit in 15 years . 
It cited cyclical conditions in its Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and D&B Plan Services units . 
But many economists pointed to a 1.8 % September rise in orders outside the volatile transportation category . 
That means that the U.S. trade deficit was running closer to $ 75 billion than to $ 95 billion in 1988 , and $ 55 billion ( annualized ) rather than $ 80 billion in the first quarter of 1989 . 
Proceeds of the issue will be used for general government purposes . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
In August , the government played a major part in a sweeping restructuring of the troubled shipyard . 
The other half of its portfolio is expected to remain invested in Treasury bills for the time being . 
Of course the Palestinians complain about their treatment ; of course the Israelis feel put upon . 
Rick Sherlund , a Goldman Sachs analyst , said Lotus had upgrade revenue of about $ 22 million in the quarter , twice what he had expected . 
So-called jumbo CDs , typically in denominations of $ 90,000 and up , also usually follow T-bills and interest rate trends in general more than those aimed at small investors . 
`` You ca n't make a commodity out of a luxury , '' insists Mr. Purnick , the New York furrier . 
The shipyard disclosed in mid-August that it expected losses stemming from a series of unprofitable orders . 
When the Supreme Soviet passed laws on workers ' rights in May 1987 and on self-managing cooperatives a year later , some Western observers assumed Mikhail Gorbachev had launched the Soviet Union on a course that would lead inevitably to the creation of a market economy . 
Citing its reduced ownership in the Lyondell Petrochemical Co. , Atlantic Richfield reported that net income slid 3.1 % in the third quarter to $ 379 million , or $ 2.19 a share , from $ 391 million , or $ 2.17 a share , for the comparable period last year . 
Most popular acquisition method : the leveraged buy-out . 
Jonathan Lloyd , executive vice president and chief financial officer of Qintex Entertainment , said Qintex Entertainment was forced to file for protection to avoid going into default under its agreement with MCA . 
He recently trimmed his portfolio of International Paper , Dow Chemical , Quantum Chemical , International Business Machines and Digital Equipment . 
`` You do n't want to lose the magic '' of the company 's creative drive . 
Mr. Achenbaum , who had been considering paring down his firm or merging it with another small consulting outfit , soon agreed . 
Already , the stolen tickets have been used for flights all over the world . 
Per-share figures have been adjusted for a 2-for-1 stock split effective Oct. 20 . 
In passing the window , Senorita Elvira gives them a smile -- simply out of habit . 
But individuals familiar with the generally successful Drexel talks say the firm is meeting resistance from some big states , including New Jersey , New York , California , Pennsylvania , Connecticut and Missouri . 
The market quickly discounted the weekly inventory report showing a 6.3 million barrel decrease in U.S. crude oil stocks as the legacy of Hurricane Jerry . 
Guinness 's Schenley Industries unit has increased its TV advertising in Japan and has built partnerships with duty-free shops throughout Asia , enabling it to install prominent counter displays . 
The dollar retreated . 
But some analysts remain sour on the company . 
West Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was at 99.95 late yesterday , off 0.10 point from Monday , to yield 7.01 % . 
No major player in the SCI TV deal will talk publicly . 
However , the Treasury said it will postpone the auction unless it has assurances of enactment of legislation to raise the statutory debt limit before the scheduled auction date . 
Onlookers say three persons died when one of the buildings exploded into a fireball shortly after the quake struck . 
`` There is a lot of attention paid to housing as a form of household wealth , '' says Edward N. Wolff , professor of economics at New York University . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A dropped 1 to 21 1\/8 on 331,400 shares . 
The notebook , the TI Model 12 , will be priced at $ 4,199 . 
110 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with an indicated 0.25 % coupon at par , via Bank Leu Ltd . 
`` Gold still acts as a haven when uncertainty prevails in the financial markets as it did '' yesterday , she said . 
Mr. Cornell has just completed a study that finds that the risks and returns of junk bonds are less than on common stocks but more than on investment-grade bonds . 
As surely as a seesaw tilts , falling interest rates force up the price of previously issued bonds . 
Of that amount , $ 20 million was payment for the land underneath the building and the rest was for the building itself . 
For the nine months , Boeing 's net increased 36 % to $ 598 million , or $ 2.60 a share , from $ 440 million , or $ 1.92 a share . 
The 142 institutional-type money funds rose $ 2.23 billion to $ 85.49 billion . 
In driftnet , or `` wall of death , '' fishing , fleets lay nets up to three miles long that trap almost everything in their path . 
They maintain that a president needs the ability to surgically remove pork-barrel spending projects that are attached to big omnibus spending bills . 
The papers , which Israel says were discovered in Israeli-occupied Gaza , refer to terrorist acts to be carried out in the name of a group called `` the Revolutionary Eagles . '' 
Sometime next year , Control Data will `` develop a new bank relationship , '' Mr. Perlman said . 
Volume totaled 12,500,000 shares . 
The issue exploded this year after a Federal Bureau of Investigation operation led to charges of widespread trading abuses at the Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange . 
World Bank ( agency ) -- # 100 million of 10 7\/8 % bonds due Aug. 15 , 1994 , offered at 96.95 to yield 11.71 % , via Baring Brothers & Co . 
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care . 
Supply troubles were also on the minds of Treasury investors yesterday , who worried about the flood of new government securities coming next week . 
Before joining Maidenform in 1972 , Mr. Brawer , who holds a doctoral degree in English from the University of Chicago , taught at the University of Wisconsin . 
`` Everyone left , '' said Peter Lang , reservations manager of the Mark Hopkins Hotel . 
Two directors of Pegasus Gold Inc. , a Spokane , Wash. , precious-metals mining firm , sold most of their holdings in the company Aug. 31 . 
Real Texans do n't play paddleball , at least I hope not . 
It is only logical to assume that the enactment of this provision will lead to increased litigation . 
The state 's opposition to the use of dispersants , Exxon says , caused the Coast Guard `` to delay granting permission . '' 
Humana Inc. said it expects to receive about $ 27 million in federal income-tax refunds and interest from a court ruling on a tax dispute . 
`` We were reassured they would stand behind the company . '' 
Spokesmen at Drexel and First Executive said the companies had n't yet been served with the suit . 
After hours of negotiating that stretched late into Thursday night , underwriters priced the 12-year issue of resettable senior subordinated debentures at par to yield 14.75 % , higher than the 14.5 % that had been expected . 
Mr. Icahn advocates the sale of the company 's steel operations , and Mr. Corry does n't necessarily disagree . 
But he stops there . 
Indeed , the stock market 's steady advance this year tracked with President Bush 's success in advancing his capital-gains proposal . 
And in the second game , with Mr. Kasparov advancing ferociously as white , D.T. offered feeble resistance and lost even faster . 
These failures in turn contributed to the fall in the market averages : Uncertainty extracted an extra risk premium and margin-calls triggered additional selling pressures . 
Or open up an electronics magazine and peruse the ads for sneaky tape recorders and other snooping gadgets . 
Today , Sen. Mitchell and other leading Democrats plan to turn up the heat again by holding a news conference to bash the proposal . 
Tymnet is a major network linking computers . 
They said previous earthquakes suggested that multiple-column viaducts would stand up well , although they were working on ways to bolster them . 
The Task Broker differs from other programs that spread computing tasks around a network . 
So Mr. Carter formed three new Army divisions and gave them to a new bureaucracy in Tampa called the Rapid Deployment Force . 
The September 87 % operating rate compared with a rate of 101 % in August but was unchanged from a year earlier . 
L.L. Bean hires about 2,700 workers for the season rush , about 300 more than last year ; Land 's End hires 2,000 . 
But front month T-bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 . 
Seagram will run two interactive ads in December magazines promoting its Chivas Regal and Crown Royal brands . 
He says he expects to sell the collection -- including the controversial Rubens -- `` carefully and prudently , just as it was put together . '' 
Since then , the government has left observers wondering if it ever meant to join . 
Jeanette Traverso , a California lawyer , gave up running three times a week to play a weekly round of golf , finding it more social and serene . 
Soviet leaders said they would support their Kabul clients by all means necessary -- and did . 
Black & Decker said it plans to put other Emhart units on the block in the future , with the goal of raising $ 1 billion in net proceeds . 
Such a proposal values Jaguar at more than # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.53 billion ) . 
The Harrisburg 7 trial in 1972 , in which Daniel Berrigan and others were charged with plotting anti-war-related violence , was a landmark . 
Many investors wrote asking the SEC to require insiders to report their purchases and sales immediately , not a month later . 
Woodbridge is a holding company owned by Toronto 's Thomson family . 
The Treasury said a surge in tax receipts noted earlier in the year did n't turn out to be quite as strong as it first appeared . 
Derek Stevens , British Air 's chief financial officer , told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report a price of $ 230 a share is `` certainly not too low , '' and indicated his company would like to reduce the size of its $ 750 million cash investment . 
Amtech , which also provides technical temporary employment services to aerospace , defense , computer and high-tech companies in the Southwest and Baltimore-Washington areas , said its final audited results are due in late November . 
Business and civic operations lurched back toward normalcy here as congressional officials estimated that the price tag for emergency assistance to earthquake-ravaged California would total at least $ 2.5 billion . 
The string of big junk bond defaults , which have been a major cause of the market 's problems this year , probably will persist , some analysts say . 
You go into them because they move counter to the general market . '' 
Maybe they were hidden by all the people . '' 
Both the House and Senate bills to reduce the cost and coverage of the catastrophic-care plan would eliminate the cap on doctor 's bills . 
He also said traders should keep an eye on the stock market , because `` if the stock market rallies , that could spell trouble for the precious metals . '' 
The company said Carol Cable , based in Pawtucket , R.I. , is a leading supplier of electrical and electronic wire and cable for the distributor , retail and original equipment manufacturer markets . 
`` Learning AIDS '' lists films , pamphlets , brochures , videos and other educational data . 
MUTUAL FUNDS ARRIVED IN THE U.S. during the Roaring Twenties ( they had been in Britain for a century ) , but they did n't boom until the money market fund was created in the 1970s . 
What kind of initiative should anyone expect from people out on the line who 've read all this and know what can happen if they fail ? 
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities . 
Renaissance declined to confirm the move , but its stock purchases were thought to have begun Tuesday , timed to coincide with the maturity this week of Treasury bills owned by the firm . 
Their visa came in relatively short order , and they moved to Los Angeles . 
The agreement depends on Color Systems ' ability to win similar concessions from other creditors . 
The company had been experiencing softening margins because of increased sales of software applications , which have lower margins than do operating systems . 
The Dow Jones Transportation Average fell 49.96 to close at 1254.27 . 
As of June 30 , it had settled about 15,000 of 81,000 claims filed and its unpaid claims totaled $ 136 million , a large portion of its $ 268 million in cash and marketable securities . 
Additional housing vouchers and certificates will be made available , officials said , and some housing and community-development funds may be shifted from other programs or made available for emergency use . 
The statement is likely to sharpen the debate within France 's military establishment over the Rafale , which is made by Avions Marcel Dassault-Breguet Aviation SA . 
There are $ 86,525,000 of 7 1\/8 % bonds priced at 97 3\/4 to yield 7.31 % in 2019 . 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES Corp , Armonk , N.Y. , maker of business machines , NYSE , said flooding caused by broken water pipes closed its San Jose plant , which makes high-end data-storage devices . 
Lucky for Cap , Ike was easygoing and soon went away , while the shah -- he kept coming back . 
As the stock market lurched into a 190-point free fall on Oct. 13 , Mr. Breeden found himself scurrying around the sixth floor of the SEC -- from his desk , where the New York Stock Exchange was on an open line , to his assistant 's office , where the Commodity Futures Trading Commission was connected , to a third room , where a computer monitored market moves . 
Some litigators scoff at the notion that a sociologist knows more than they do about what makes a jury tick . 
According to several ad-agency sources , newcomers to the Texas banking market are spending a combined $ 50 million this year to woo Texans . 
Copper futures prices failed to extend Friday 's rally . 
This time , `` We do n't have that at all . '' 
`` But we do make exceptions , '' says a smiling Baron Elie de Rothschild , `` especially if they are very young and have very rich parents . 
He argues that Michael Foods is misunderstood : `` This is a growth company in the packaged food industry -- a rare breed , like finding a white rhino . '' 
It 's not that there are n't any bids , but the bids do n't meet the minimum `` reserve '' prices set by the sellers . 
With all the votes counted , a government spokesman said Prime Minister Gonzalez 's party won 176 seats in the 350-seat Cortes , or lower house of parliament . 
The Khmer Rouge , however , carry an unsurpassed record for Cambodian tyranny . 
They said they dropped plans to infiltrate the Kennedy Space Center after NASA beefed up its security . 
Two rules in pending congressional legislation threaten to hinder leveraged buy-outs by raising the price tags of such deals by as much as 10 % . 
Krenz , however , vowed to preserve the Communist Party 's hold on political power and said East Germans should n't destabilize the nation with unrealistic demands . 
The company wants its business mix to more closely match that of AT&T -- a step it says will help prevent cross subsidization . 
Nausea and vomiting are other common side effects . 
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House . 
It also declined against the mark but did n't reach its intraday low of 1.8435 marks until two hours later . 
These days , when others raise the subject of abortion , the usually loquacious president can be close-mouthed almost to the point of curtness . 
Cetus is currently trying to obtain federal regulatory clearance for U.S. distribution . 
`` The grapevine is n't organized , but you and I know it exists , '' says Mr. Carew , referring to the often uncannily small world of black professionals and community leaders . 
He says Mr. Briggs told him he was being set up for a `` honey trap , '' in which Mr. Noriega would try to involve him in an orgy and then record the event `` with sound and video . '' 
`` If the { Tennessee Valley Authority } sale is any guide , there appears to be good demand for top-quality , long-term paper from both domestic and overseas accounts , '' he said . 
Labor problems top the list . 
The Red Cross does n't track contributions raised by the disaster ads , but it has amassed $ 46.6 million since it first launched its hurricane relief effort Sept. 23 . 
And , surprisingly , little more than a whimper of protest is being heard , even though Reaganauts once breathed fire supporting the Contras and the Strategic Defense Initiative . 
He says individuals should consider not just stocks , but other long-term investments , such as high-quality bonds . 
But he did n't know which gene or genes had disappeared . 
At least two rival applications are expected to emerge in coming months , including one from TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. , Canada 's largest natural gas pipeline operator . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Federal and state thrift examiners said they saw evidence of criminal wrongdoing in the collapse of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association , and a California regulator described an attempted `` whitewash '' by deputies of chief federal regulator Danny Wall . 
He says his aim is to reach people who are bedridden , have no access to transportation , ca n't find a lawyer to take their case or simply ca n't afford lawyers ' consultation fees . 
It will feature a cost-containment provision designed to keep expanded benefits from fueling higher care prices . 
Enter Mr. Guzman Cabrera , who has a clear understanding of where union leaders fit in the pro-enterprise regime of President Salinas . 
Volume continued to ease from the active dealings at the start of the week . 
But Polish agriculture does possess one great asset already : the private farmer . 
RA acquired the Howick coal mine Oct. 20 when it bought British Petroleum Co. 's Australian coal interests for $ 275 million . 
In addition to those measures , the company spent heavily earlier this year to install displays at its customers ' retail outlets -- a strategy that Mr. Stein said has helped bolster awareness of the company 's brands . 
The company has been considered an industry leader in advocating cooperation and voluntary disclosures of improper or inflated billing practices . 
The travel , investment services , insurance and banking concern added $ 110 million to reserves for credit losses at its American Express Bank unit , boosting the reserve to $ 507 million as of Sept. 30 . 
The damage to the Bay area 's roadways could cause significant economic hardship . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
The pension 's size still depends on how much produce he sells the state . 
The market is still 4 % short of its level before the plunge , and analysts are n't sure how long it will take until the DAX has closed that gap . 
Kyle manufactures electronic components . 
You depict the bill as something Democratic leaders `` hoodwinked '' the administration into endorsing . 
The company offered to purchase $ 500 million of convertible preferred stock from the trust that handles its payments to asbestos victims . 
The system provides radar-threat warning and electronic jamming capabilities . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Air & Water closed unchanged at $ 17.50 . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.575 % 30 days ; 8.50 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days . 
American Business Computer Corp. said it privately placed 1,035,000 common shares at $ 2.50 a share . 
Valhi said the articles did n't accurately reflect Valhi and its affiliates ' intentions toward Lockheed . 
Your editorial was commendable and neatly matched by the readers ' comments in letters to the editor , `` Alar : Scaring on the Side of Caution . '' 
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition . 
Farm lending was enacted to correct this problem by providing a reliable flow of lendable funds . 
Should the rest of the Series be played at all ? 
For example , paralyzed car-crash victims occasionally have some intact spinal tissues that , if preserved by emergency surgery , enable partial recovery . 
`` You have to go out to all your constituents , '' says James H. Giffen , who is spearheading the most ambitious attempt by U.S. firms to break into the Soviet market , involving investment of more than $ 5 billion in some two dozen joint ventures . 
The company received shareholder approval for its restructuring plan , designed to fend off a hostile takeover bid from a group headed by financier Sir James Goldsmith . 
The chief culprits , he says , are big companies and business groups that buy huge amounts of land `` not for their corporate use , but for resale at huge profit . '' 
The last federal execution before the Supreme Court 's 1972 ruling banning the death penalty took place in 1963 , meaning that the federal government did n't exercise its execution authority for eight years . 
Other projects look for offenders among waiters who get cash tips , people who engage in large cash transactions , and people whose returns show they sold a home for a profit without reinvesting the capital gain in another home by the end of the same year ; the gain must be rolled over within two years to defer tax . 
Much of the jockeying by OTC traders and investors centered on shares of companies that might be financially affected by damage from the devastating earthquake in northern California . 
However , he added , such event-driven trading moves typically last only a few hours and are often made without full information . 
With economic growth slowing , they say they believe the Fed should ease credit even further . 
Since the spring of 1985 , financial alchemists have transformed a wide variety of debt into these new securities . 
UAL Corp . ( NYSE ; Symbol : UAL ) 
Because municipal bonds yields have risen at a time when interest rates generally have fallen , some portfolio managers are assuming that bonds bought now will appreciate in value as the municipal bond market rebounds . 
China will spend $ 9.45 million for urgent maintenance on Tibet 's Potala Palace , former home of the Dalai Lama , the China News Service said . 
Mr. Teagan points out as well that if the equipment designed to get along without CFCs is less efficient than current devices , energy consumption will rise and that will worsen the greenhouse effect . 
But Chairman Gonzalez is a genuine maverick . 
While D.T. shuffled its king back and forth in a defensive crouch , Mr. Kasparov maneuvered the knight to a dominant outpost . 
These problems also resulted in Sun reporting a $ 20.3 million loss for its fourth quarter ended June 30 . 
Two junk bond issues were priced yesterday , including a scaled-backed offering by Beatrice Co . 
So far , Mr. Dassault has resisted pressure to change . 
The latter comes from the perception , on the part of many people in network TV , that their only hope of keeping viewers from defecting to cable is to fill the airwaves with an increasingly raw sensationalism . 
And some carriers are facing other unexpected headaches : USAir , for example , blamed some of its loss on merger expenses and on disruptions caused by Hurricane Hugo last month . 
CHICAGO - 
Mr. Windsor notified Everett E. Briggs , the U.S. ambassador to Panama , of the invitation . 
New construction contracts rose 8 % in September , led by commercial , industrial and public-works projects , according to F.W. Dodge Group . 
With $ 2.3 million , he and other investors launched Lithox last year to market a gallstone cure being developed by researchers of the University of California at San Diego . 
Honeywell Inc. , Minneapolis , said it completed its previously announced sale of 16 % of the shares outstanding in its Japanese joint venture , Yamatake-Honeywell , for $ 280 million . 
Ed Voyles Olds recently established a special section in the service department for owners whose cars are less than a year old , so they get quicker service . 
Gerry Ritterman , president of New York-based Network Publishing Corp. , earlier this year sold his Soap Opera Digest magazine to Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp . 
These benefits seem secure despite China 's current economic and political troubles . 
Medical scientists are starting to uncover a handful of genes which , if damaged , unleash the chaotic growth of cells that characterizes cancer . 
The law -- the first of its kind -- requires car rental companies in Texas to charge only `` reasonable '' rates for collision-damage waiver insurance . 
Gillette Co. elected Warren E. Buffett , chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , to its board , increasing the number of directors to 12 from 11 . 
But block trading desks and money managers made a concerted effort to meet the imbalances with stock to sell , one trader said . 
`` But the question is whether things people are looking at will actually surface in live transactions in light of the current market conditions . '' 
`` I think the problems in the junk-bond area are just beginning , and this will be very unsettling for companies that have issued junk bonds . 
Giant Group owned 22 % of Rally 's shares before the initial public offering . 
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer . 
A seat on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was sold for $ 416,000 , down $ 36,000 from the previous sale Oct . 
In announcing the results , USAir cited many of the same problems that several other industry officials have named recently . 
He has been a Bearings director since 1985 . 
Management Co. manages entertainers and produces , markets and finances entertainment . 
The only securities so far to be singled out are those issued by Bay View Federal Savings & Loan . 
Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where `` there is great interest in games of skill . '' 
Senshukai Co. , a travel agent based in Osaka , Japan , announced that it and Nissho Iwai Corp. , a major Japanese trading house , will jointly build a 130-unit condominium in Queensland , Australia . 
They noted , however , that a 26-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average gave the dollar a sharp nudge downward late in the day . 
The most likely white knight would be Societe Generale de Belgique S.A. , which already owns 18 % of AG and which itself is controlled by Cie . Financiere de Suez , the acquisitive French financial conglomerate . 
`` They have to continue to tighten their belts , '' said Craig Kloner , an analyst at Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
David Baltimore , who has just been named president of Rockefeller University , already knows what it 's like to go through life with `` Nobel laureate '' appended to one 's name . 
`` We needed contributions from all these departments to generate the proposal , '' says Carl Anton , configuration-data manager for Grumman 's A-6 combat aircraft program . 
The FM radio band , considered technically superior because it can carry stereo broadcasts , has cornered the airwaves for delivering music . 
Rep. Bates has publicly begged for forgiveness from voters and was re-elected with 60 % of the vote last November . 
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities . 
Meanwhile , East Germany 's growing openness may even allow the state-controlled news media to display a muted sense of humor . 
If those who have the money do n't get involved with the museums and the charities , then City Hall will do it , badly . 
The amount covers taxes , interest and penalties owed from 1966 , when the state began collecting corporate taxes , to 1985 . 
By yesterday 's close of trading , it was good for a paltry $ 43.5 million . 
But a reduction in one-time gains on the sale of various assets and an increase in the company 's provision for loan losses held down the earnings gain , the company said . 
However , since these centers appear to pay for themselves , there is nothing to prevent state and local governments from enacting legislation with similar provisions . 
Short-term rates increased . 
Chemical Waste Management Inc. , proposed global offering of 8,500,000 shares of common stock , of which seven million of the shares will be offered in the U.S. and 1,500,000 shares will be offered overseas , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets ( domestic ) and Kidder , Peabody & Co . ( international ) . 
After hitting two-year highs this summer , net sales of stock funds slowed in September , according to the Investment Company Institute , a trade group . 
Another poked a hole in the heel of his shoe . 
That complex bid was billed as France 's largest takeover ever ( this one is slightly smaller ) . 
By contrast , KKR probably has already made all the money it can on SCI TV . 
Time Warner is in the process of completing its acquisition of the remaining Warner shares . 
`` If he had been found guilty , we could have stopped him . '' 
As earlier reported , L.J. Hooker this week received a $ 409 million bid for its three shopping malls , plus other properties from a consortium led by Honolulu real-estate investor Jay Shidler and A. Boyd Simpson , an Atlanta developer and former L.J. Hooker senior executive . 
Swedish auto and aerospace concern Saab-Scania AB said it received a 250 million krona ( $ 39 million ) order from Swiss Crossair , one of Europe 's leading regional air companies , for five Saab 340B turboprop commuter aircraft . 
John C. Holt , an executive vice president and Dun & Bradstreet director , sold 10,000 shares on Aug. 31 for $ 588,800 , filings show . 
But they expose the holders to a lot of inflation risk and interest-rate risk . 
He 's written this book , ` The Art of the Deal . ' 
This is a style of `` visual '' computing that provides three-dimensional , color models of everything from the inside of a house to the latest in women 's fashion . 
And it is n't even clear that some pork-barrel projects can be hit with a line-item veto because they tend to be listed in informal conference reports accompanying spending bills rather than in the official bills themselves . 
`` They 're dead wrong . '' 
The city 's recovery from the earthquake was uneven . 
It shows a boy hurling rocks at a street lamp . 
Then , the all-too-sincere opportunism of the 1970s and 1980s . 
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle . 
Barring any petroleum-related news events , trading in the days ahead should further test recent projections by oil economists and other market watchers that strong fourth-quarter demand will keep prices firm . 
Interest may remain limited into tomorrow 's U.K. trade figures , which the market will be watching closely to see if there is any improvement after disappointing numbers in the previous two months . 
The decision to keep the embattled F-14 's production line running for at least another year is an important victory for the House , and especially for Rep. Les Aspin ( D. , Wis . ) . 
The debentures mature Oct. 27 , 1999 . 
As a result , indexers have been looking for ways to give investors something more than the average for their money . 
Those duties had been held by Van Pell , 44 , who resigned as an executive vice president . 
But the San Francisco delegation finds itself asking that the cap per household be lifted to $ 500,000 from $ 100,000 to assist the hard hit but often wealthy Marina district . 
Among other software issues , Autodesk jumped 1 1\/4 to 42 , Lotus Development was unchanged at 32 1\/2 , Novell jumped 7\/8 to 30 3\/4 , Ashton-Tate gained 1\/4 to 10 5\/8 , and Oracle Systems rose 3\/4 to 25 3\/4 . 
It has always been true that those outside the club want to climb in , and that a few will cut corners in the process . 
The older generation has been torn between a fear of tampering with the status quo and a fear of what might happen if they did n't . 
The Journal also will offer expanded volume and frequency discounts . 
As of Aug. 31 , thrifts held $ 185 billion in mortgage-backed securities . 
In the long run , investment advisers say , most investors will be better off using the dollar-cost averaging method of buying stocks . 
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer-driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . '' 
`` We had underfunded Maalox for a year , '' he said , because the company was concentrating on research and development and promoting other drugs . 
Today , he is publisher of Business Tokyo magazine , the first English-language business magazine devoted to coverage of Japanese business . 
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 . 
It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant . 
Echo Bay Mines rose 5\/8 to 15 7\/8 ; Pegasus Gold advanced 1 1\/2 to 12 , and Corona Class A gained 1\/2 to 7 1\/2 . 
That 's up from about 687 a month in 1985 , and it 's accelerating : So far this month , foreclosures are averaging about 85 a day . 
Mr. Paul thus developed a close , symbiotic relationship with Sotheby 's . 
But he says he did n't understand he was buying the CD on the secondary market , and he contends his broker never fully explained the risks . 
It has sent mixed signals about its willingness to take part in the exchange-rate mechanism of the European Monetary System , which links the major EC currencies . 
They have maintained that banks remain interested in financing the transaction . 
Newspapers , including this one , have generally ignored his news releases . 
The companies will retain their current regular quarterly dividend of 25 cents during the sale process , Mr. Rothman said . 
Whipsawed financially and emotionally by Friday 's heartstopping 190-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and yesterday 's 88-point rebound , they 're wondering if an individual has any business being in the market . 
PWA would n't estimate the value of Wardair 's aircraft , which include 12 Airbus A310-300s and three Boeing 747-100s . 
The first signs of trouble came last month when the Hong Kong carrier , a subsidiary of Swire Pacific Ltd. , posted a 5 % drop in operating profit for the first six months and warned that margins will remain under pressure for the rest of the year . 
The certificates have an estimated average life of 1.8 years , assuming monthly prepayments at 1.3 % of the original balance . 
He said results were better than he 'd expected and indicate that Goodyear is in the midst of a turnaround from a string of lackluster quarters that have plagued the company for a year . 
Machine tool executives are hopeful , however , that recent developments in Eastern Europe will expand markets for U.S.-made machine tools in that region . 
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas-tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas-tax-increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June . 
Long tax-exempt dollar bonds were mostly flat to 3\/8 point lower after a whipsaw session of moving inversely to stocks in modest dealer-led trading . 
Lack of liquidity can also result from exchange `` reforms . '' 
BankAmerica 's profit jumped 34 % in the third quarter . 
On the hat side I was n't getting what I wanted . '' 
Casinos today offer bowling alleys , water parks , golf courses , tennis courts , lush swimming pools and other diversions , and more such facilities are being designed . 
But Mr. Simonds-Gooding said he is n't talking to any studios about investing . 
In announcing a 1989 capital spending plan of $ 950 million early this year , Caterpillar said full-year earnings would be flat compared with last year 's $ 616 million , or $ 6.07 a share . 
Advancing issues on the Big Board surged ahead of decliners 1,111 to 
UAL stock dropped $ 1.625 yesterday to $ 190.125 on volume of 923,500 shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
The Watts mall has annual sales of more than $ 350 per leasable square foot ; the figure for a comparable suburban shopping center would be $ 200 . 
Now comes word from a scientist that over the next century Venice will sink nearly three times faster than the present rate because of the `` greenhouse effect . '' 
Mesa flies to 42 cities in New Mexico , Arizona , Wyoming , Colorado and Texas . 
`` From the beginning , { they } knew we had a goal and a dream , '' says Mr. Guber . 
Markets -- 
Broiler prices fell 6.5 cents in October to 30.6 cents a pound , while turkey prices rose 1.2 cents a pound to 38.5 cents . 
We recall that the mayor of Charleston complained bitterly about the federal bureaucracy 's response to Hurricane Hugo . 
Pinnacle West slashed its quarterly dividend to 40 cents per share from 70 cents in December , saying at the time that it believed the new , lower dividend was `` sustainable . '' 
At Movieline , she wants `` specific paragraphing , specific tone , a specific attitude -- bright and bold and tongue-in-cheek . '' 
`` I 'm not interested , '' said Dallas investor Harold Simmons . 
Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev 's need for `` a stable currency , free and competitive markets , private property and real prices '' and other pie-in-the-sky reforms . 
`` Let this building be Steppenwolf 's legacy to Chicago theater . '' 
According to reports from Finland , Waertsilae Marine , 19%-owned by conglomerate Oy Waertsilae , filed for bankruptcy yesterday after the shipyard 's contractors had started to demand bank guarantees . 
Balmy temperatures are forecast for next week , said Robert Lekberg , an analyst at Farmers Grain & Livestock Corp. , Chicago . 
This case realizes that concern . '' 
But not here . 
Pestered by bosses , brokers , clients and media people and pushed by their own egos , Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything from broad economic trends to the dinkiest monthly indicator . 
However , he added that that estimate , made before extensive development drilling , currently is being reappraised . 
In addition , Ralph Ingersoll II , 43 , chairman and chief executive , said he would take on additional responsibilities as editor in chief of the company . 
There is a more descriptive word to describe his lapse of common sense . 
To hamper the work of litigation scientists , he suggests that courts sharply limit the number of jurors that lawyers can remove from the jury panel through so-called peremptory challenges -- exclusions that do n't require explanations . 
Ford officials , for example , crowed about their first-ever Tokyo Grand Prix racing victory . 
Did Mr. Loeb seek personal gain ( and if so , how ) ? 
The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds climbed back above 8 % , ending the day at 8.03 % . 
Rep. Garcia , on trial for bribery and extortion , puts statements in the Congressional Record attributing missed votes to `` scheduling conflicts . '' ... 
This seems to be happening now to limited partnerships , many of which either have gone into the tank in recent years or have otherwise been grievous disappointments . 
Nissan , Japan 's second-largest auto maker and the world 's fourth-largest , was getting beat up not only by its bigger rival , Toyota Motor Corp. , but also by Honda Motor Co. , the most successful Japanese car company in the U.S. but a relative pipsqueak in Japan . 
Takanori Mizuno , chief economist of the Institute for Financial Affairs Inc. , a Tokyo research center on finance and economics , says , `` The junk bond market became very jittery , and there 's a fear of a coming recession and the possible bankruptcy of LBO companies . 
Rex Tremendae 
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world-wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners . 
`` Interest by Japanese investors was limited , '' said Michael Moran , chief economist at Daiwa Securities America Inc . 
It would be attractive to an agency such as Interpublic , one of the few big agency groups without an affiliated public relations firm of its own . 
It did n't work . 
She has lots of opinions . 
`` The obligation is totally unwarranted , '' the statement said . 
Still , Southland said that its franchisees have been targeting their merchandise to their customers for years , and that the company has begun to follow suit . 
In the corporate bond market , traders said the new-issue market for junk bonds is likely to pick up following Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. 's $ 475 million junk bond offering Friday . 
The thrift emphasized that it has a large portfolio of equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy-outs , which has a book value of $ 90 million . 
Moreover , Mr. Shrontz added , production-rate increases that have been implemented on the 737 , 747 , 757 and 767 programs have resulted in `` serious work force skill-dilution problems . '' 
The Financial Times of Canada has no links to the British daily newspaper , The Financial Times . 
In addition , he says , `` longer maturities on automobile and other forms of installment credit boost the stock of debt faster than the flow of repayments and the accompanying payment burden . '' 
He theorized that in the eye cancer , an infant inherited a damaged copy of a gene from one parent and a normal copy from the other . 
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free . 
But their most fundamental recommendation was to separate industry from the state , making it fully accountable for pollution control . 
A week later , the man told Mr. MacInnis he had suffered a mild heart attack unrelated to the massage . 
The legislation also requires broad new disclosures of the race , sex and income level of borrowers , but that information wo n't be gathered in new studies for several months at least . 
WYSE TECHNOLOGY INC. , San Jose , maker of video display terminals and workstations and IBM\/PC compatible computers , annual sales of $ 452 million , slight structural damage at headquarters , no injuries , expects to be back to full operation today . 
The American Bankers Association did n't have any comment on the plan . 
Janet Malcolm , a professional writer on psychiatric matters , wrote a series of articles for the New Yorker , later published in book form by Knopf under the title `` In the Freud Archives . '' 
This month 's Friday-the-13th market plunge spurred by UAL news was n't as bad for the Jacobson specialists as yesterday 's action . 
I.E.P. Securities Ltd. , a unit of Mr. Brierley 's Hong Kong-based Industrial Equity ( Pacific ) Ltd. , boosted its holdings in Vickers to 38.8 million shares . 
But Mr. Hemming said he was n't aware of the nature of the talks under way between committee members and their advisers . 
Reflecting concerns about Commodore 's outlook , its stock has plunged more than 50 % since May , closing yesterday unchanged at $ 8.875 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Skeptics wonder whether mega-resorts such as the Mirage will be able to squeeze a profit from their cash flow . 
Analysts have attributed much of the summer 's spurt in spending to bargain car prices at the end of the model year . 
Ordinarily the electrolysis , or breakup , of the water would consume almost all of the electrical energy . 
Prosecutors have told Mr. Antar 's attorneys that they believe Mr. Antar 's allegedly ill-gotten gains are so great that any money he has used to pay attorneys derives from illegal activities . 
The Merc fined Mr. Roberts $ 15,000 and suspended his trading membership for three years . 
The lobbying group used publicly available information to calculate each company 's domestic profits and its federal income tax payments . 
Davis Polk & Wardwell also said its international clients are keeping mergers and acquisitions partners busy . 
This is the nation 's biggest city and , traditionally , its mayor is the nation 's best-known urban politician . 
Now , Mr. Pilson -- a former college basketball player who says a good negotiator needs `` a level of focus and intellectual attention '' similar to a good athlete-s is facing the consequences of his own aggressiveness . 
The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , almost twice the national average and about four times the rate for teachers , truck drivers , medical workers and door-to-door salespeople . 
`` It puts this president in the legislative business , '' he declares . 
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard . 
Dravo rose 5\/8 to 16 1\/8 . 
Scott E. Hein Texas Tech University Lubbock , Texas Your Investment Dartboard article misses the target . 
Companies would be compelled to publish in annual proxy statements the names of insiders who fail to file reports on time . 
House and Senate conferees agreed to continue production of Grumman Corp. 's F-14 and to provide more than $ 3.8 billion for the Strategic Defense Initiative during the current fiscal year . 
The troubled West German computer company said , in a statement to its employees , that the number of persons working in product development will be reduced world-wide to 2,440 from 2,888 by the end of 1990 . 
The results show Sears is struggling to attract shoppers . 
No non-competitive tenders will be accepted . 
But investors remain wary about stocks , partly because of turmoil in the junk-bond market . 
In late September , IBM began shipping a plug-in card that converts its PS\/2 model 70-A21 from a 80386 machine to an 80486 machine . 
We 're not saying drink more , we 're saying trade up . '' 
The plans include a subway system , a congress center , floating trees , fanciful fountains -- and as many as 60,000 additional tourists a day . 
Five of the six categories of weapons under negotiation have n't even been defined . 
Newspapers published articles about him , and he was hailed as `` the tire king . '' 
We understand such rueful wisdom must be retrospective : The owl of Minerva only spreads her wings at dusk . 
He notes that industry executives have until now worried that they would face a severe shortage of programs once consumers begin replacing their TV sets with HDTVs . 
Barney Hallingby , managing director of research at Hambrecht & Quist , also believes earnings growth is beginning to play a greater part in investors ' buying decisions . 
And the Poles are engaged in commerce . '' 
Mr. Redford is slowing down a mindless , speeding maniac known as the progress of mankind . 
ADN said Mr. Honecker , a hard-line Stalinist who in 1961 supervised the construction of the Berlin Wall , also was relieved of his title as head of state and his position as chief of the military . 
Mr. Wolf and other members of the board declined to comment on the announcement . 
Furukawa Electric Co. , one of Japan 's leading electric wire and cable manufacturers , said unconsolidated pretax profit in the fiscal first half ended Sept. 30 fell 5.3 % to 6.11 billion yen ( $ 43.1 million ) from 6.45 billion yen a year earlier . 
At the same time , the New Brunswick , N.J. , company said negotiations about pricing and volumes of product had collapsed between it and its exclusive distributor in the U.S. , National Medical Care Inc . 
On the Frankfurt Stock Exchange , share prices closed higher in fairly thin trading , as selective buying by foreigners helped propel prices . 
The Senate will deliberate behind closed doors today and is scheduled to vote on the impeachment tomorrow . 
`` It 's harder to sell stocks when the sell programs come in because some market makers do n't want to { take the orders } . 
`` You stay out of it , '' author Whitford quotes Mr. Clements as saying . 
But Mr. Miller , Wang 's new president , recently warned his salespeople about negativism . 
`` What 's he doing ? '' hissed my companion , who was the only other English-speaking member of the convention and whose knuckles were white . 
It also had $ 479.7 million of past-due loans ; its level of reserves against those was n't immediately available , though it is believed to be small . 
This clause , they argue , is designed to go beyond an earlier clause specifying that the president can veto a `` bill , '' and is broad enough to allow him to strike out items and riders within bills . 
During that time , Control Data had losses of more than $ 1 billion . 
`` I was flabbergasted , '' Tatsuhara Yamane , head of the bureau , was quoted by Kyodo news service as saying . 
In this article , I was alleged to have said , `` Any patient with high-risk colon cancer is really getting short shrift if he 's not getting this therapy . '' 
`` This business is n't about personalities at the end of the day -- it s about whether the ink is red or black . 
Avondale was notified by Louisiana officials in 1986 that it was potentially responsible for a cleanup at an oil-recycling plant . 
Citicorp 's spokesman said , however , that the bank is maintaining those expenses in proportion to revenue growth . 
At one sales strategy meeting , an executive suggested ordering salespeople to become experts on the annual report . 
Meanwhile , the securities companies -- most of them smaller than the banks -- are seeking access only to limited kinds of banking that would n't open them to the full brunt of competition from the banks . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Aetna closed at $ 60 , down 50 cents . 
William S. Smith 
That 's usually how long it takes for the temblors to pass . 
By the end of next year , all loss-making state enterprises would be put out of business or handed over to workers who would buy or lease them or turn them into cooperatives . 
The next time you hear a Member of Congress moan about the deficit , consider what Congress did Friday . 
The association between the two companies stretches back thirty years to a friendship between television producer Mark Goodson and Ingersoll founder Ralph Ingersoll . 
Here is an example . 
Roland J. Hawkins , chairman of Jet Vacations Inc. , was elected to the board of this cruise line . 
Mr. Swavely said the new space will allow Compaq to increase the manufacturing capacity of its plant in Erskine , Scotland . 
International Paper fell 1 3\/8 to 51 1\/2 , Union Carbide eased 7\/8 to 25 , Chevron gained 1\/8 to 64 , and Eastman Kodak closed down 3\/4 to 44 1\/4 . 
It is n't surprising that President Bush has n't led a crusade to pump up the Contras or SDI . 
In recent weeks , airlines have cut numerous fares in leisure markets to try to win back customers . 
CRA said then that it was looking for a partner for the mine , which produces more than three million metric tons of coal a year . 
Letting officials express their own nuances can be educational . 
But to Mitsubishi Estate , the acquisition has just the elements that should win support from both sides . 
Near the coast there are dense coverts of live oak interspersed with marshes and prairies . 
ENERGY : 
The company is exploring , with a major financial institution , the development of a plan to boost the value of the company for its holders , Mr. Ruskin said . 
Caspi Development Corp of Armonk , N.Y. , has developed two apartment buildings called Classic and plans a third . 
All of the firms except Kidder , which is the second-biggest program trader on Wall Street , quickly announced pull-backs from index arbitrage . 
The Quotrons were wrong . 
But in October 1987 , when portfolio insurers rushed to sell at the same time , they overwhelmed both the stock and futures markets . 
A spokesman for New York City Comptroller Harrison Goldin said the high rates reflect investors concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainties . 
The unit stabilized about midday New York time at around 1.85 marks and 141 yen , prompting unconfirmed rumors that the U.S. Federal Reserve had intervened to blunt the unit 's tumble . 
All the numbers are adjusted for seasonal fluctuations . 
I am not sure that judges , many of whom I like very much , are proper repositories for making distinctions about pop singers , '' said Richard Kurnit , a New York advertising lawyer . 
But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth-quarter results . 
Industry analysts predict that by 1995 , South Korea will be building three million cars a year -- about half of that for export . 
After prodding from Mr. Sanford , U.S. Attorney Jack Eskenazi pleaded with Justice Department officials in Washington to let the indictment proceed . 
Others were the capital-gains cut , Section 89 repeal , the disabled workers bill , and the unprecedented reconsideration of the catastrophic health act . 
Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two-week trading account and the start of a new account . 
But short-term bonds ca n't rise too much , because everyone knows they will be redeemed at a preset price fairly soon . 
What is of much more importance to the Colombian economy than the supposed benefits of laundered drug money is higher prices for Colombia 's legitimate products . 
A federal judge has issued a preliminary injunction against the purchase because of Federal Trade Commission concerns that the transaction would reduce competition in the production of two kinds of rivets . 
Gold , a closely watched barometer of investor anxiety , was little changed . 
With a splendid cast led by David Darlow as Alceste , Christina Haag as Celimene and , especially , William Brown as a Philinte who plays the Hollywood game but harbors authentic values and feelings , the Goodman production barrels through an all-night Hollywood party with exuberance and wit . 
The dollar finished lower . 
`` But how many more times we 're going to feel good in the next 15 is another question . '' 
That committee determined to open Arizona to banking across state lines . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Earlier this year , the government announced plans to foster increased competition in the industry . 
`` The junk bond market is being taken apart '' because of recession fears , said J. David Mills , senior vice president at Boston Company Advisers . 
Mr. Breeden , in his first testimony to Congress since taking the SEC post , said the agency is studying the Friday the 13th market plunge , including how current circuit breakers affected the market that day and the following Monday . 
Moreover , after 26 years at Ogilvy he had honed a reputation for being squeaky-clean and a straight arrow -- which can only help American Express in the wake of the Safra incident . 
Cray said it earned $ 30.6 million , or $ 1.04 a share , up 35 % from $ 22.6 million , or 73 cents a share , a year ago . 
The company said net rose to 38 cents a share in its fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 , from 35 cents a shares a year ago . 
He recently told a small group of American businessmen in Moscow that he hoped to sign a general trade agreement with the U.S. , possibly at the 1990 summit . 
FADA , which holds problem assets of thrifts that were closed before the bailout legislation was enacted , is being liquidated . 
The prospect of buying into a cash-hungry company without getting management control persuaded at least three foreign buyers , including a member of the Elders group of Australia , to pull out of the bidding , the bankers and analysts say . 
The five-member Atlantis crew will conduct several experiments , including growing plants and processing polymeric materials in space , before their scheduled landing at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif. , Monday . 
Mr. Lang surprised Time soon after joining forces when he said he would negotiate rates individually with advertisers , a practice common in broadcasting but considered taboo by magazine publishers . 
Also named to the revised board was Thomas A. Loose , Recognition 's senior vice president and general counsel . 
Jaguar officials have indicated they are close to wrapping up a friendly alliance with GM that would preserve Jaguar 's independence , but no deal has been announced . 
The capital appreciation bonds are tentatively priced to yield to maturity from 7 % in 2001 to 7.10 % in 2003-2005 . 
In advising the UAL board on the various bids for the airline , starting with one for $ 240 a share from Mr. Davis , the investment bank of First Boston came up with a wide range of potential values for the company , depending on appraisal methods and assumptions . 
While the model was still on view , Manhattan Community Board 1 passed a resolution against South Gardens . 
Many physicians have expressed concern over the heavy bleeding , which occurs even if the drug fails to induce an abortion . 
The agreement is subject to the banking company 's board approval , which is expected next month . 
Mr. Steinkuehler said at a convention in West Berlin that the union has to prepare for `` a big fight '' to achieve its main goal of a 35-hour workweek , down from current 37-hour workweek . 
Xtra , a transportation leasing company , said in a statement it would have no comment on Mr. Gintel 's plans until `` further information has been disclosed by him . '' 
Thierry de Montbrial , director of the French Institutue for International Relations in Paris , says it is n't clear what , exactly , West Germany wants . 
None dare say to sell it . 
He added that the president already has the power to close the markets in an emergency . 
Eastern sought bankruptcy-law protection a few days after a crippling strike began March 4 . 
Some Japanese operations , such as securities-trading rooms , may be ahead of their American counterparts , he says , but `` basically , there 's little analysis done on computers in Japan . '' 
Many fund managers have boosted their cash levels in recent weeks . 
Like other large Valley companies , Intel also noted that it has factories in several parts of the nation , so that a breakdown at one location should n't leave customers in a total pinch . 
In one way , the psyllium middlemen -- the buyers and exporters -- are glad to keep news of the boom to themselves . 
The ferocious competition probably will drive some poorly managed properties into bankruptcy or new ownership . 
Of the 4,348 issues that changed hands , 1,074 advanced and 866 declined . 
Since his arrival in May , Mr. Eidsmo has put in place techniques learned while working for Citicorp , such as management-by-objective , detailed project plans and forecasts of company sales and product trends . 
The government moved aggressively to open the spigots of federal aid for victims of the California earthquake , but its reservoir of emergency funds must be replenished soon if the aid is to continue . 
Seats currently are quoted at $ 361,000 bid , $ 395,000 asked . 
The fiscal 1990 measure builds on a pattern set earlier this year by House and Senate defense authorizing committees , and -- at a time of retrenchment for the military and concern about the U.S. 's standing in the world economy -- overseas spending is most vulnerable . 
I 'm OK . '' 
That 's the market . '' 
But Mr. Wathen 's team still must pay down about $ 82 million of long-term bank debt from the acquisition within the next four years . 
The 66-year-old Mr. Lee recently spent an hour discussing the state of Asia and the world with two Journal reporters in his plainly furnished , wood-paneled office . 
But whether the pilots can team up with their longtime adversaries , the machinists , is another question . 
EVEREX SYSTEMS INC. , Fremont , maker of personal computers and peripherals , annual sales of $ 377 million , OTC , had minor damage and was almost fully operational yesterday . 
DDB Needham 's office building may have sustained structural damage , the spokesman added . 
The sale price of the unit , which makes packaging products , was to consist of cash , notes and an amount to be determined by the unit 's future performance . 
It 's not clear whether Aska plans to buy more shares . 
But whether such moves can win back the confidence of East Germans , who have taken to the streets by the thousands in recent weeks to demand democratic changes , depends largely on whether they feel they can trust Mr. Krenz . 
This place is 12 miles into the back country -- a day-long trudge for a hiker , but reached by Ms. Peterson and six others in a mere two hours of pedaling fat-tired mountain bikes . 
`` We 're picking up steam , '' insists Roger Ailes , Mr. Giuliani 's media consultant , whose last big campaign helped put George Bush in the White House . 
The open-year accounting practice `` is widely recognized within Lloyd 's as of serious concern '' to the 31,329 member investors , who underwrite insurance at Lloyd 's in return for premium and investment income , Lloyd 's said . 
So a stock with a beta of 0.5 is half as volatile , one at 1.5 is 50 % more volatile , and so on . 
The company reported good gains in all of its divisions . 
Also , the region 's insistence on strict building codes helped prevent wider damage . 
`` This acquisition is another indication of Texaco 's commitment to increase the company 's reserve base , '' said Chief Executive Officer James W. Kinnear . 
`` Any fool can publish a money-losing magazine . 
`` In my view , { massages } should be managed with an appropriate mixture of males and females around , '' he says . 
Israel has launched a new effort to prove the Palestine Liberation Organization continues to practice terrorism , and thus to persuade the U.S. to break off talks with the group . 
The older one looks like a member of the jury for a literary award , the younger one looks like a novelist . 
People tend to be most loyal to brands that have distinctive flavors , such as cigarettes and ketchup . 
A. Lawton Langford President Municipal Code Corp . Tallahassee , Fla . 
Mr. Breeden contended that uncertainty over when the SEC might act could worsen volatility in the markets . 
Profit from the calls goes to charity , but ABC Sports also uses the calls as a sales tool : After thanking callers for voting , Frank Gifford offers a football videotape for $ 19.95 , and 5 % of callers stay on the line to order it . 
The sharp rise in OTC short interest compares with the 4.2 % decline in short interest on the New York Stock Exchange and the 3 % rise on the American Stock Exchange during the September-October period . 
NASA said the Galileo worm had n't affected its computers or the computers of other government agencies because they had modified their systems to reject worms . 
Silver prices could also be boosted by strikes in leading producing nations Peru and Mexico , Mr. Demler says . 
But healthy skepticism vanishes when they are solicited by an organized charity to help fight cancer , famine , child abuse , or what have you . 
Many of the RJR securities , which had been trading near their 52-week lows earlier in the session , bounced back after the company 's announcement that it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle Foods , a unit of the Swiss-based food concern . 
The Asset Privatization Trust , the agency chiefly responsible for selling government-held properties , has recorded sales of more than $ 500 million since it began functioning in December 1986 . 
If the stock market and the economy catch their breath and show that they 're on firmer footing , these stocks might well fall back . 
Most see little reason to doubt that their cash will go toward these noble goals . 
And oh , yes . 
`` After all , Warhol was the ultimate namedropper , dropping five a day in his diaries . 
News about UAL and AMR , whose shares never reopened after trading was halted Friday for the UAL announcement , sent both stocks nosediving in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
`` ` Get off your ... , ' he would bellow , '' say the authors . 
Gasoline for November delivery was off 1.26 cents a gallon to 54.58 cents . 
Decades earlier , Maria Callas sang the Dallas staging that introduced the flashback idea . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
All of a sudden , it was back to square one . 
BanPonce jumped 4 1\/2 to 47 3\/4 after agreeing to be acquired by Banco Popular de Puerto Rico for $ 56.25 a share . 
) What about banning abortions in the second and third trimesters ? 
Friday 's strong price gains confirmed a turnaround in the precious metals markets , according to PaineWebber 's Mr. Frawley . 
But Mr. Dinkins 's sense of pragmatism often comes across more as an insider 's determination not to upset the political apple cart . 
The new rules will allow investors to buy foreign stocks directly . 
Mr. Hixson , who resigned effective Jan. 1 for health reasons , remains a director . 
They contend that SCI TV 's equity now is worthless . 
When acquired in May 1988 by British retailer Marks & Spencer PLC , Brooks Brothers ' annual operating profit was about $ 41.8 million on sales of $ 290.1 million . 
Tenders for the notes , available in minimum $ 5,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Tuesday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches . 
`` Whatever capital it ( Sansui ) needs so it can compete and become a totally global entity capable of competing with the best in the world , that capital will be injected , '' Mr. Nadir said . 
In the health-care segment , pharmaceutical sales increased 4 % and sales of hospital products increased 1 % . 
But we 're not making as many { pyrotechnic devices } as we used to . 
'' By lowering prices throughout its stores , she says , `` Sears has the right idea . '' 
They want it back . 
AMR 's chairman , Robert L. Crandall , said the results were due to an 11 % year-to-year increase in fuel prices and a slight decrease in yield , an industry measure analogous to profit margin on each seat sold . 
Several longtime observers of the commodities industry think the fortunes of the Merc over the next decade will be determined to a large extent by how well its new natural gas futures contract does and how successful its new president is in raising the level of compliance by floor traders with exchange and Commodity Futures Trading Commission rules . 
Erasing the differences still dividing Europe , and the vast international reordering that implies , wo n't endanger the statehood of a Poland or a Hungary . 
`` Government continues to inhibit the productivity of our citizenry and the international competitiveness of American business , '' the vice president declared when he was head of the task force . 
The failed takeover would have given UAL employees 75 % voting control of the nation 's second-largest airline , with management getting 10 % control and British Air 15 % . 
It also could convert glucose from farm wastes into edible protein . 
Labor costs , which leveled off in the past few years because of lower pay scales for newer employees , are on the upswing again at many carriers . 
A minute later it soared 128 points , then zoomed back down 113 points , 69 below Friday 's close . 
`` There 's a revolution ahead of us that will ultimately change the way we market and distribute steel , '' says William Dennis , vice president , manufacturing and technology , for the American Iron Ore and Steel Institute . 
For 1984 , they reported gross income of $ 1,647 from Amway sales , offset by expenses totaling $ 16,746 -- including car costs of $ 6,805 and travel and entertainment costs of $ 5,088 . 
A `` three '' is 10 times 10 again , and so on . 
But it would allow considerable flexibility in determining how and when these goals would be achieved . 
JAPANESE COMPANIES fare best in U.S. when they give Americans more say . 
While American aid efforts have been limited by budget problems , yesterday France announced a three-year , four billion French franc ( $ 650 million ) aid plan for Poland . 
She says her group used to give tips on selecting planners -- check educational and experience credentials , consult regulators and Better Business Bureaus -- but found that even some people who took these steps `` were still getting ripped off . '' 
What market makers provide is immediacy , a very valuable service . 
Premark International Inc. , for example , peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle . 
Maybe the problem is a political system that wo n't act without an `` exchange of letters , '' that insists on running foreign policy by committee , that treats a president as just another guy at the table . 
Sales rose 2.8 % to $ 864.1 million , from $ 840.4 million . 
The researchers say many Japanese companies err in the U.S. by adopting the American practice of hiring managers on the `` open market . '' 
Meanwhile , some California issues were down a touch more than the broad market , but traders said there had n't been much investor selling because of the quake . 
But the interest rates they charge are often near Japan 's 54.75 % legal limit , says Kenji Utsunomiya , a lawyer specializing in loan troubles . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
But despite the acrimony between Mr. Ross and Mr. Yetnikoff , officials of the Time side of Time Warner have reportedly been increasingly interested in a settlement that might yield attractive business opportunities . 
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways . 
By adding the negative wedge and recalculating the remaining program using a more probable inflation estimate , we arrive at a baseline program costing $ 1.7 trillion between 1990 and 1994 . 
Rural Solidarity objected , to no avail , when Solidarity leader Lech Walesa accepted the Peasants ' support . 
There also are `` 800 '' hotlines which refer people to lawyers , usually personal-injury specialists , for in-office consultation . 
Most recently , she has become the publisher of Movieline , a four-year-old Los Angeles magazine that began national distribution last month , with an initial press run of 100,000 copies . 
In the period ended Sept. 30 , net income rose 90 % to 31.18 billion yen , or 9.34 yen a share , from 16.38 billion yen , or 5.05 yen a share . 
Mr. Cornell says : `` The junk market is no bonanza as Drexel claimed , but it also is n't a disaster as the doomsayers say . '' 
`` Insurance companies will foot a substantial amount of the bill to reconstruct San Francisco , '' said Charles Lieberman , chief economist at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp . 
The charges said that one worker suffered permanent brain damage from mercury exposure . 
The sole sympathetic character is the prodigal daughter Kate ( Jaclyn Smith ) , and she is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk , a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants whose grim existence consists mostly of growing peaches and repressing sex . 
Emigration applications soared in 1985 , when Britain and China ratified their accord on Hong Kong 's future . 
`` These people are very skilled at finding out what makes a person tick , '' says Kent Neal , chief of the economic-crime unit of the Broward County State Attorney 's Office in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , a major haven for boiler rooms . 
Recently , some 60 environmental and outdoor groups representing such divergent points of view as the Sierra Club , the League of Women Voters and the National Rifle Association joined together to request a reassessment of the environmentally unsound Central Utah Project . 
Her story is becoming part of local folklore . 
The study , conducted by a task force of the Brookings Institution , suggests that Congress should require the courts to develop the plans . 
Foreign earnings fell to $ 180 million from $ 182 million that included a $ 48 million gain from lower Canadian and Australian taxes . 
Mutual funds are the among the largest holders of junk , accounting for more than a quarter of the entire high-yield , high-risk market . 
Yvon Bussieres was named senior executive vice president and chief operating officer of Provigo , a new position . 
Grand Met owns Bombay gin , the No. 3 imported gin in the U.S. ; rival Guinness PLC has the No. 1 imported brand , Tanqueray . 
The investment is worth about $ 130 today . 
`` Some foodstuff shipments will probably resume Thursday , '' he said . 
Spending by Japanese households averaged 290,782 yen ( $ 2,052.10 ) in August . 
The government 's 7 % issue due October 1999 fell 0.05 point to 99.90 to yield 7.01 % . 
Mr. Bennett declined to name the area officials who he believes have impeded plans for building more federal prisons to ease Washington 's problem . 
Bond prices ended lower after an early rally , while the dollar was mixed . 
That level of production did n't take its toll on futures prices for the fourth quarter , when demand is traditionally strong . 
Her success , which included alleviating an urban food shortage in the early 1980s , helped persuade Hanoi to take the reform path . 
Every major maker offers computers with color displays . 
Much of the market 's recent volatility has been blamed on this large-scale computerized trading technique that can send stock prices surging or plummeting in a matter of minutes . 
In the nine months , the company 's net income was $ 21.5 million , or $ 1.88 a share , compared with a year-earlier loss of $ 97.8 million , or $ 8.96 a share . 
This is the worry that probably brought steadiness to the market earlier in the week , he said . 
The share repurchase will be funded mostly from borrowings . 
But Panama illustrates that their substitute is a system that produces an absurd gridlock . 
Another factor was that customers were asking , `` Why do n't you give us a cheaper system ? '' Mr. Jobs said at a conference on university computing here . 
Rules that set standards for products or govern business behavior , generally the best regarded form of red tape , `` create a level playing field and keep unscrupulous competitors away , '' says Sidney West , president of TechDesign International Inc. , a Springfield , Va. , business that designs telecommunication and other products . 
The offering , Series 105 , is backed by Freddie Mac 9 1\/2 % securities . 
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per-share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence . 
It 's followed by Stroh Brewery Co. , which has agreed to sell its assets to Coors . 
A Series that was shaping up as the dullest since the one-sided Detroit-over-San Diego go of 1984 has become memorable in the least fortunate way . 
The usual problem with including communists in `` interim '' coalition governments is that their ideology and methods require they squeeze out everyone else . 
Japanese involvement in American publishing has been so small to date that magazines such as Business Tokyo are considered groundbreakers . 
But , as Judge Kozinski noted , the context shows that Mr. Masson 's `` me alone '' remark referred not to his alleged pre-eminence in his profession but to the fact that his position on a particular issue was not shared by anyone else . 
IBM shares closed at $ 103 , down 50 cents , in Big Board trading . 
Oji Paper 's sales strength was evident in overall paper products sales , including newsprints , printing and wrapping papers , which rose to 221.61 billion yen in the first half from 200.70 billion yen a year earlier . 
The three-month-old strike at Nynex seriously hurt the installation of new telephone lines in the quarter . 
The issue is rated triple-A by S&P , Moody 's and Fitch Investors Service Inc . 
Lionel also urged holders of its stock and debt not to tender their securities , saying it wants to remain independent to pursue its business strategy . 
In the meantime , Russia gave Nicaragua another powerful radio transmitter , which has been installed in the city of Esteli . 
Also , because of its reduced capital budget , Pemex has phased out about 50,000 transitory construction workers , reducing the work force to about 140,000 , the union leader says . 
Tartan currently produces gold at a cash operating cost of $ 393 an ounce , which is high by industry standards and $ 25 or so above the current spot price . 
The firms are Morgan Stanley & Co. , Salomon Brothers Inc. , County Natwest Government Securities Inc. , Greenwich Capital Markets Inc. and Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Ford Motor Co. 's Merkur , the company 's first new car franchise in the U.S. since the Edsel was unveiled in 1957 , now will share Edsel 's fate . 
He succeeds William Kohut , who resigned earlier this year . 
The company , which also will omit its second-half dividend , did n't specify the size . 
Revenue climbed 4.3 % to $ 14.31 billion from $ 13.71 billion . 
Digital said a shift in its product mix toward low-end products and strong growth in workstation sales yielded lower gross margins . 
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul . 
That leaves $ 13 , which could be used to buy S&P 500 options that will nearly match any gain in the S&P index . 
In addition , they said that months of exposure to the chemicals has left them sensitive to a wide range of commonly used substances . 
But the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court held that federal law did n't pre-empt the states from such a prosecution . 
Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
The company , which has 13.8 million common shares outstanding , said in mid-June that it was considering a restructuring to ward off a hostile takeover attempt by two European shipping concerns . 
SIBV-MS Holdings is a new company jointly owned by an affiliate of Jefferson Smurfit and a Morgan Stanley limited partnership . 
UAL finally opened for trading at 10:08 a.m. at 150 , down $ 28 . 
But starting in early September , the index started to slide and now stands about even with the S&P 500 . 
In a related matter , Peter Black , president of consumer brand Minwax , was named group vice president for the household products operating group . 
While Guber Peters produced a number of hits for Warner and others , their record was n't always so impressive . 
It took me a half-hour to move 10 feet from my parking spot in an outer lot to an aisle , and an additional hour to reach an inner roadway a half-block away . 
For example , an auction house 's comments on the condition of a work of art that is up for sale should be looked at with `` very open eyes , '' he says . 
He sipped tea sweetened with honey from his high-backed leather chair at his bench , while scribbling notes ordering spectators to stop whispering or to take off their hats in his courtroom . 
While Boeing 's commercial business is booming , its military business is feeling the effects of a declining defense budget after a strong buildup during the Reagan presidency . 
He said the company believed Qintex Entertainment 's financial problems could have been resolved by other means . 
An occupant will , in most every case , be better for the home and neighborhood than a vacant house . 
The letter , in fact , takes a jab at ABC for being a laggard in black programming . 
Pinnacle West Capital , whose earnings have been hurt by continued problems at its MeraBank unit , fell 1 5\/8 to 9 1\/8 on 2.1 million shares to lead the Big Board 's list of most active issues . 
Bank of New York is currently the seventh-largest issuer of credit cards in the 
Britain 's Monopolies and Mergers Commission Wednesday cleared Rhone-Poulenc S.A. 's purchase of a specialty bulk-chemical unit from Monsanto Co. , saying the purchase was unlikely to have any lasting impact on U.K. industrial consumers . 
China had refused to repatriate citizens who sneaked into Hong Kong illegally since early this month , when the colony allowed a dissident Chinese swimmer to flee to the U.S. . 
( Prior to acquiring the housewares business , the company was known as Centronics Corp. ; Centronics had been a maker of computer printers , but Mr. Stein and other officers decided to sell that business after Japanese competitors grabbed a dominant share of the market . ) 
Municipal bond analysts said the sell-off was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health , rumors of a $ 900 million bond offering coming soon , and political uncertainty . 
But the worriers remain unconvinced . 
In its basic structure and style the book is novelistic , with piquant character portrayal , hard-wire action and devious intrigue of the sort more likely to be encountered in a Washington docudrama than in a constitutional history . 
Switzerland 's most famous raider says he is n't one . 
The bond market , which sometimes thrives on bad news , cheered yesterday 's stock market sell-off and perceptions that the economy is growing weaker . 
Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets and focus operations on Canada , Indonesia and other international areas . 
Advertisers attribute this shared loyalty to the striking similarity among brands . 
NASA defended itself vigorously and successfully against a Rifkin suit to block the Galileo launch . 
Revenue rose 27 % to $ 715.1 million from $ 563.8 million . 
Another challenges Merrill Lynch 's bond recommendation last year . 
You can go only up or down ( by heating the balloon 's air with a propane burner , which does make the top of your head feel hot ) and ride the air currents . 
`` It was great to have the luxury of time , '' Mr. Rawls said . 
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit-card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR . 
`` We wo n't comment on them . '' 
Mr. Lescaze is foreign editor of the Journal . 
August adjusted spending by wage-earning families was down 0.6 % to 309,381 yen from a year earlier . 
According to the association 's annual report , scheduled to be released today in Warsaw , IATA members have n't posted such a strong performance since the late 1970s . 
Exports declined for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record . 
Consider , for instance , the very fat fowl known as federalized child care . 
CRESTMONT FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION ( Edison , N.J. ) -- 
Although the current management team may be outstanding , who will be the CEO in 10 years ? 
The proposed acquisition provides for a cash payment of $ 10 a share at closing and a contingent payment of as much as 80 cents a share placed in escrow . 
The updated forecast , published Aug. 25 , compares with an earlier forecast of 6 % published March 1 and a 7.4 % rate achieved in 
`` Unless the questions are answered , I will keep on going . '' 
The recently released leaders sat high atop a podium in one section of the stadium stands . 
That is the greatest share reported for any year since 1950 , although changing definitions over the years distort the comparison . 
Supporters of poison pills argue that their adoption forces bidders to negotiate with a corporation 's directors , who are thereby put in a better position to pursue the long-term interests of the corporation . 
Some investors say Friday 's sell-off was a good thing , because it deflated a lot of crazy takeover speculation . 
But if the investment ca n't be bought or sold immediately , the order is automatically canceled . 
Christopher R. Petruzzi 
No such statement appears on the tapes . 
While the incidents involving interest-rate options and forward-rate agreements are unrelated , some observers say they echo a 1987 incident in which Bankers Trust New York Corp. restated the value of its foreign exchange options contracts downward by about $ 80 million . 
`` This is n't a new kind of union leadership , it 's a new Mexico . 
The down trend was partly the result of tighter credit sparked by a discount rate increase by the Bank of Japan in May . 
The media has raised questions about Larsen & Toubro 's issue , pointing out that it exceeds the company 's annual sales and its market capitalization . 
The attitude of the Wisconsin Investment Board reflects a growing receptivity to time-limited poison pills on the part of institutional investors , as shown by the discussions at recent meetings of the Council of Institutional Investors and my informal survey of several retirement plans with large stock positions . 
-- Left intact an award of $ 1.5 million in damages against Dow Chemical Co. in the death of an Oregon man from exposure to Agent Orange . 
During one recent episode , all the advertisements were in English . 
The new goal of the Voting Rights Act -- more minorities in political office -- is laudable . 
NBC was second with a 13.9 rating and 24 share followed by CBS Inc. 's television network with a 12.5 rating and 21 share . 
Sony Corp. , New York , said its bids for Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. and Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. have been cleared by federal antitrust regulators . 
Canadian retail sales rose 0.2 % in August from July , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
As the West German currency rose , so did Merkur prices . 
SEC Chairman Richard Breeden said the cooperation by the exchanges would enable investors to buy and sell options listed solely on the Pacific exchange , guaranteeing the liquidity of the market . 
Paintings are just part of the picture . 
I have a different approach to offer , not only to Californians , but to all Americans . 
A small yield premium over comparable Treasurys and a lack of liquidity is hampering dealers ' efforts to drum up interest in the so-called bailout bonds . 
Employees of the Globe and Mail , a Thomson Corp. newspaper in Toronto , voted to accept a tentative contract agreement Saturday , averting a strike at Canada 's leading daily . 
But domestic consumer sales slipped 1.2 % for the quarter , to $ 490 million from $ 496 million . 
But even in his front-runner campaign , he has shown signs of the indecisiveness and confusion that some say has plagued his tenure as Manhattan borough president -- and might hinder him as mayor . 
The issue , through RCSB 1989-A Grantor Trust , was priced at a yield spread of 100 basis points above the Treasury 7 3\/4 % note due July 1991 . 
Doubts about the quality of state credit guarantees could reduce the competitive strength of Finnish companies in world markets where financing often is the key to winning orders , analysts warn . 
He added that Olivetti will continue making its LSX minicomputer line . 
For the nine months , the Arlington , Va. , company 's net plunged 73 % to $ 38.5 million , or 76 cents a share , from $ 142.2 million , or $ 3.28 a share . 
The largest issue was a $ 4 billion offering of auto-loan securities by General Motors Acceptance Corp. in 1986 . 
Last year , Dentsu started HDM , a joint network with U.S. ad agency Young & Rubicam and Eurocom of France . 
ARE CORPORATE profits distributed fairly ? 
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore . 
`` It 's unclear how much rates can fall and how soon . '' 
`` We issue paper money ; we destroy paper money , '' says Jane Hinkle , a Philadelphia Fed spokeswoman . 
He says these bonds should appreciate in value as some investors , reacting to the recent turmoil in the stock and high-yield junk bond markets , seek safer securities . 
But the words that boomed over the loudspeakers bore messages of peace , unity , negotiation and discipline . 
Mr. Kageyama is accurate to deny a specific anti-American bias . 
Intel clocks the chip 's speed at 15 million instructions per second , or MIPs . 
I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through the court , through Justice and through state and federal regulatory agencies . 
The Conservative government 's decision may reflect its desire to shed a politically sensitive issue well before the next election , expected in late 1991 . 
The 10-year issue was priced at a spread of 43 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
Michael Rosen , president of Shop Television , said Penney decided to extend its involvement with the service for at least five years . 
But after much tracking , it became evident to Mr. Stoll , through various clues , that the hacker was not on the Berkeley campus or even in California . 
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while . 
Outlays for the month totaled $ 105.39 billion , up from $ 87.57 billion a year earlier . 
By afternoon , the broader market joined the advance in full strength . 
The delegation included a reporter from the New York Times , aides to Sen. Edward M. Kennedy and Rep. Les AuCoin , and Natural Resources Defense Council staff members . 
Nissan handled the die-hards in a typically Japanese fashion : They were n't fired but instead `` were neglected , '' says Kouji Hori , the personnel manager at the Nissan Technical Center . 
`` The Campeau situation is a little uncertain and very difficult to analyze . '' 
PS New Hampshire received a sweetened $ 2.25 billion offer from Northeast Utilities , likely spurring a new round of bidding for the utility . 
The return of the Rothschilds is modest . 
Several other Japanese companies and regional governments have sent aid to San Francisco . 
Rome magistrates accuse Mr. Carboni and several other people of trying to extort 1.2 billion lire ( $ 880,000 ) from the Vatican in return for documents contained in the briefcase of Roberto Calvi , the Ambrosiano chairman found hanged under London 's Blackfriar 's Bridge shortly before the bank 's collapse . 
Perhaps the fiscal shock of tax cuts is after all best absorbed by floating rates , though of course in the event Mr. Lawson resigned over whether to support a weak pound , not restrain a strong one . 
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo . 
Chief Inspector Peter Seacomb of the Criminal Investigation Department at the airport said , `` It is not uncommon for property to be temporarily mislaid or misrouted . '' 
To reinforce employees ' dedication , Mr. Smith pays well . 
Spokesmen for the television networks of CBS Inc. and Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , say there are no plans to alter the children 's line-up on Saturday mornings . 
MARKET MOVES , these managers do n't . 
British investigations were prompted by a list of 17 alleged war criminals living in Britain sent to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in October 1986 by the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles . 
The normal term for the 1986 and 1987 model 323 is two years or 24,000 miles ; the term for the 1988 323 is three years or 50,000 miles . 
But any move by the banks to take over Qintex Australia 's management could threaten its ability to operate its national television network under Australian broadcast license rules . 
For the third quarter , Sears said its total revenue rose 4.8 % to $ 13.18 billion from $ 12.57 billion a year earlier . 
Capital appreciation bonds are priced to yield to maturity from 7.10 % in 2003 to 7.25 % in 2007 and 2008 . 
Corporate Issues 
If the pound had been tied to the mark , the British would have been unable to cut their exorbitant tax rates . 
Tandy said its experience during the shortage did n't merit the $ 5 million to $ 50 million investment U.S. Memories is seeking from each investor . 
Manufacturers have survived the turmoil in China largely unscathed . 
Each year , nearly a million people pay about $ 3 to make the spiral climb up 294 steps to the top of the 800-year-old marble tower . 
Futures `` do n't need defending , '' says Andrew Yemma , a spokesman for the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , which trades the S&P 500 , by far the largest stock-index futures contract . 
The reluctance of some states to let Drexel off the hook could hamper the firm 's attempts to polish its image after its guilty plea to six felonies last month , say several people familiar with the discussions . 
These are the families who used -- and sometime abused -- their sharecroppers , people who had no encouragement and little access to an education or training for a better life . 
In affidavits , each plaintiff claims Mr. Peterson promised the bank purchase would be completed by the end of 1988 or the money returned . 
As for the women , they 're pathetic . 
Under Mr. Gorbachev , Mr. Goode said , the Soviets are openly stealing Western corporate communications . 
Each index point represents a $ 500 profit for each S&P 500 contract held . 
As a result , the officials said they are open to making a variety of deals with Senate Democrats to win their support for a capital-gains tax cut . 
`` It 's worse than I thought , '' she said . 
The House approved a permanent smoking ban on nearly all domestic airline routes as part of a $ 27.1 billion transportation bill that must still overcome budget obstacles in Congress . 
But most of them , led by Morgan Stanley & Co. , moved back in earlier this year . 
( It recently cut its work force by 9 % , or 213 . ) 
From time to time he returns to the monastery for prayer , meditation and pro bono legal work . 
Shares closed higher in Hong Kong , Singapore and Manila , and were lower in Sydney , Seoul and Taipei . 
But unofficially , senior navy officials sharply criticize the Rafale as an air force plane ill-suited to carrier use . 
A columnist in the Atlanta Journal and Constitution wrote : `` Who did the research for this report ? 
January platinum rose $ 2.30 an ounce to $ 488.60 . 
White House officials were delighted that the compromise includes the concept of a training wage , which Mr. Bush has fought for throughout the year . 
Maxicare , which filed for bankruptcy protection March 16 , has total debt of $ 750 million . 
Declining issues on the Big Board were far ahead of gainers , 1,108 to 416 . 
For example , 66 % of the 18 to 24 year olds in the four latest surveys favored an `` open housing '' law prohibiting homeowners from refusing on racial grounds to sell to prospective buyers . 
Is there any empirical support for this theory ? 
We are determined to get good prices . '' 
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo . 
But some investors might prefer a simpler strategy then hedging their individual holdings . 
Among the brands for sale are Beefeater gin , the No. 2 imported gin in the U.S. , and Laphroaig single-malt whiskey . 
NBC 's comedy had aired Wednesdays at 9:30 p.m. and in five outings had drawn an average of only 13.2 % of homes , lagging behind the Jamie Lee Curtis comedy `` Anything But Love '' on ABC and CBS 's one-hour drama `` Jake and the Fatman . '' 
Sandra Swift Parrino 
Indeed , that happened to some extent yesterday , as industrial stocks rebounded , partly on news of takeovers in the paper industry . 
International Business Machines Corp. agreed to acquire a 15 % stake in Paxus Corp. , an Australian computer-software and information-services concern , for 20 million Australian dollars ( US$ 17 million ) . 
Demand is so strong that all of the domestic makers -- Hyundai , Kia Motors Corp. , Daewoo Motor Co. and even upstart SsangYong Motor Co. -- plan to build more factories . 
Sam Ramirez and his men are late . 
An official at Nestle Korea , a 50-50 joint venture between Nestle S.A. and the Doosan Group , said the new facility will manufacture all types of soluble , roasted and ground coffee , coffee mix and nondairy coffee creamer . 
Judge Kozinski found the derivation entirely strained and writes that `` for an academic to refer to himself as an intellectual gigolo is ... a devastating admission of professional dishonesty . '' 
But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to nail the identity of the gene that , if damaged , flipped a colon cell into full-blown malignancy . 
He `` will not be shaken out by external events , however surprising , alarming or vexing ... . 
Total truck production fell 22 % from a year earlier to 315,546 units . 
It was nothing more or nothing less than a feeding frenzy . '' 
Mr. Bond forecast that by next June , `` what will emerge will be a company with a honed sense of purpose ... a stable balance sheet , with good-quality assets in brewing , telecommunications , media and property . '' 
The state petroleum monopoly said sales in the period gained 15 % , and $ 262.4 million more than originally projected at an average of $ 10 a barrel on an export platform of 1,250,000 barrels a day . 
Discrepancies go unexplained in `` Confidential '' ( one ex-player claims he received $ 4,000 to $ 5,000 for his season football tickets while others said theirs brought only a few hundred dollars ) , and when Mr. Keteyian ca n't nail down something , like who really owned a car driven by Husker tailback Doug Dubose , he simply reprints his notes . 
Reuben Mark , chairman of Colgate-Palmolive Co. , said he is `` comfortable '' with analysts ' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share . 
`` But that is something the president ought to know before he goes ahead . '' 
Elsewhere in the oil sector , Exxon rallied 7\/8 to 45 3\/4 ; Amoco rose 1\/8 to 47 ; Texaco was unchanged at 51 3\/4 , and Atlantic Richfield fell 1 5\/8 to 99 1\/2 . 
`` They 're filming right now at the bank down the street , and they want shots of people getting out of cars and kids on skateboards . 
`` If USAir is worth 80 as a takeover and the stock went to 52 , the market was saying Steinhardt 's presence was n't worth anything , in terms of getting a deal done , '' says a veteran takeover speculator . 
New SEC Chairman Richard Breeden , overseeing his first public meeting , said there have been concerns that the Big Board 's basket could attract investors with a `` short-term perspective '' who would rapidly turn over the product , thus increasing volatility . 
The court 's decision would allow FERC to change some of its provisions , but ensures it will be reviewed again quickly by the court . 
Sen. Specter was vice chairman of the impeachment trial committee that heard evidence in the Hastings case last summer . 
But now , the magazine is attempting to fight back , with an ambitious plan including a revamped sales strategy and a surprisingly aggressive ad campaign . 
The telephone number for the charity in Shelton , Conn. , has been disconnected , and the former officials could n't be located . 
Many professions long have seemed to be targets because of the exotic or ludicrous efforts of some members to offset high income with fake losses from phony tax shelters : dentists who invested in dubiously dubbed foreign films or airline pilots who raised racehorses on their days off . 
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 . 
Judge Weinstein also ruled that judges must consider prior to extradition whether the defendant will be treated fairly in a foreign court . 
Santa Fe Pacific Realty is a major California land and building owner whose prime properties include 1,850 undeveloped acres in the San Francisco Bay area , and several office sites . 
During his cross examination of Mr. Lorin , Mr. Lang read from the transcripts of a conversation that was taped Oct. 20 , 1988 . 
Mr. Bush , former President Reagan and a host of conservative activists have been arguing that a line-item veto would go a long way in restoring discipline to the budget process . 
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage . 
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials . 
After a flat second quarter tied largely to lower newsprint earnings , Kimberly-Clark attributed the gain to improved results in its consumer businesses in North America , Brazil and Korea . 
But other banks balked at the low interest rate and banking fees the UAL group was willing to pay them . 
The engine involved was a CF6-6 made by General Electric Co . 
By contrast , the Comex in July imported a highly regarded outsider , Arnold F. Staloff , as its president . 
The group is divided primarily between software , semiconductors and computers . 
The TVA , which operates one of the nation 's largest electric power systems , is a corporation wholly owned by the U.S. government . 
The company said it will use the proceeds of the offering for debt reduction and general corporate purposes , including acquisitions . 
San Francisco area officials gave the media high marks for helping people find shelter and obtain emergency information after Tuesday 's catastrophic earthquake . 
Analysts believe he may ultimately dispose of some of the non-advertising businesses . 
It said it will take a $ 10 million fourth-quarter charge against discontinued operations , reflecting certain write-downs and the planned sale of a unit . 
In an unusually candid article about the latest economic woe -- unemployment -- Pravda yesterday reported that three million Soviets have lost their jobs as a result of perestroika and the number could grow to 16 million by the year 2005 . 
`` On a stand-alone basis , the network ought to make money , '' he says . 
`` But the deals that never should have been brought have now become nuclear waste . 
`` A situation like San Francisco is so frightening because there 's no warning . 
The great silver clouds on the horizon build themselves on the pale water . 
Lawrence Insurance Group Inc. said it acquired United Republic Reinsurance Co. , a Houston property and casualty reinsurance company , from United Savings Association of Texas for $ 28 million . 
`` People have a different reputation country by country . '' 
As the Met discovered years ago following a belated December opening , it is nearly impossible to recapture subscribers once they have had time to ponder their entertainment choices . 
In the Senate , Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the Labor Committee , and Pete Domenici , ( R. , N.M . ) ranking minority member of the Budget Committee , have been working on a compromise , and their soundings showed that the Senate appeared to be heading toward enough strength to override another Bush veto , a Democratic staff official said . 
Abortion foes in Wisconsin , meanwhile , expect a parental-consent bill to be sent to the state assembly floor by early November and are hopeful of prevailing in both houses by next March . 
`` Every time you thought it was going into a rally it gave up , and every time you thought it would rally it came down . 
In the statement , Mr. Skase said that on the basis of current interest rates in Australia , the company 's asset sales would reduce interest expense by about A$ 120 million a year in addition to eliminating certain liabilities . 
`` We are dismayed , but there 's nothing we can do about it now , '' said Stanley Grayson , New York City deputy mayor for finance and economic development . 
Some apply it to gouty joints . 
In an eight-count indictment , the government charged GAF , a Wayne , N.J. , chemical maker , and Mr. Sherwin with illegally attempting to manipulate the common stock of Union Carbide Corp. in advance of GAF 's planned sale of a large block of the stock in 1986 . 
That compared with the year-earlier $ 1.25 billion , or $ 2.10 a share -- which was inflated by a 15-cents-a-share gain from the sale of some MCI Communications Corp. stock and by an unspecified amount from a payment by Fujitsu Ltd. relating to a software dispute . 
Now there 's an idea . 
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health . 
Oil and auto companies supported a move on Capitol Hill last week to gut Mr. Bush 's plans to require auto makers to begin selling alternative-fueled cars by 1995 . 
Commissioner Mary Francis Berry said it was `` another sad episode in the saga of the unguided missile who is chairman . '' 
When he died in 1959 , Chandler left behind four chapters of yet another Marlowe book , `` The Poodle Springs Story , '' which seemed to go beyond parody into something like burlesque . 
Pencil pushers chew and put the plastic models behind their ears just like traditional pencils made of glued strips of California incense cedar filled with ceramic lead . 
Analysts , however , were surprised because the tender offer appeared unsolicited . 
Treasury prices ended mixed in light trading . 
Several outfits -- including the Financial Programs , Franklin , and T. Rowe Price mutual-fund groups and the Edward D. Jones brokerage house -- are advertising `` college planner '' tables and charts that tell you how much you need to put aside regularly . 
Quotron Systems Inc. , a Citicorp unit , blamed the 30-minute foul-up on `` a timing problem in our software '' caused by the enormous early volume -- about 145 million shares in the first hour of New York Stock Exchange trading . 
But the lot might split into crevasses , so I had better stand on my car , which probably was wider than the average crevasse . 
Ciba-Geigy and Chiron have made a joint bid of C$ 866 million for Connaught , and Institut Merieux S.A. of France has made a rival bid of C$ 942 million . 
Her father , William Rosenthal , designed the then-dress making company 's first bra in the 1920s , which he said gave women a `` maiden form '' compared with the `` boyish form '' they got from the `` flat bandages '' used for support at the time . 
We must not shirk our responsibility and we can not just blame the demonstrators . '' 
Chevrolet buyers can take the rebate , or get discount financing at rates ranging from 6.9 % on 24-month loans to 10.9 % on 60-month loans . 
The company said it expects to pay the first dividend , of 12.5 cents a share , in the 1990 first quarter . 
Defense contractors `` can not continue to get contracts on that basis , '' said Howard Rubel , an analyst with C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc. in New York . 
While the Kremlin has urged a ban on output of the poison gases , the White House wants to continue producing the weapons even after an international treaty calling for their destruction is signed . 
( Ms. Ohlman , the Grand Rapids masseuse , says she has heard the odd-looking contraption compared to something out of the Spanish Inquisition . ) 
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument . 
Predictions for limited dollar losses are based largely on the pound 's weak state after Mr. Lawson 's resignation and the yen 's inability to strengthen substantially when there are dollar retreats . 
Former National Assemblyman Hong Sa-Duk , now a radio commentator , says the problem is intolerable for many people . 
Copper 
Most analysts had expected a sharper decline after the steep rise in August . 
The company will modify one UH-60A Blackhawk transport helicopter to the prototype MH-60K configuration for use by military special forces . 
Ms. Atkins , who underwrote # 20,000 , or about $ 32,000 , of insurance coverage on that syndicate , now faces potential losses of roughly # 70,000 , or $ 111,000 . 
But many of his statements on the issue in Parliament subsequently were proven wrong by documentary evidence . 
In 1986 , in another consent agreement with the SEC , Mr. Holmes was enjoined from violating the stock-registration and anti-fraud provisions of the securities laws . 
DPC last week launched a new , $ 10-a-share offer for the Woodland Hills , Calif.-based computer printer maker . 
Guarana Antarctica , a Brazilian soft drink , is brought to the U.S. by Amcap , Chevy Chase , Md . 
This is no longer true because of Campeau 's massive debt load . 
Mr. Keating , for his part , has filed suit alleging that regulators unlawfully seized the thrift . 
Lack of important , needed information can cause fear . 
Scientists are mistaken who still think that the anti-science movement in this country is n't their concern or that a David Baltimore could have somehow placated a John Dingell . 
Alusuisse of America Inc. plans to sell its Consolidated Aluminum Corp. subsidiary as part of its strategy to focus more on aluminum packaging in the U.S. . 
The regular nightly news program and daily newspapers are also getting a visible injection of Soviet-style glasnost . 
The world might want to believe that the Khmer Rouge ca n't still be such bad guys , just as in the late 1970s it was reluctant to credit the reports of genocide then taking place . 
`` Corporate profits are going to decrease faster than interest rates will fall , and the probability is that we 'll see negative economic growth in the fourth quarter . '' 
Salomon Brothers Inc. was the top program trader in September , but most of the firm 's activity involved portfolio trading strategies other than stock-index arbitrage . 
An FTC spokesman said the matter is `` in a non-public posture at this time '' and declined to comment further . 
Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds-service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman . 
Kemper Corp. 's Kemper Financial Services unit said it cut off Bear Stearns , Morgan Stanley , Oppenheimer and General Electric Co. 's Kidder , Peabody & Co. unit . 
The assortment of expensive children 's toys that I have purchased wisely at a host of discount-toy brokerage firms ( Figure 4 ) has increased handsomely in total asset value far beyond any personal investment except , perhaps , for my record collection , whose worth , I think it 's safe to say , is incalculable . 
Many Americans still agonize over their own personal feelings about abortion . 
JURY 'S CRIMINAL CONVICTION under Superfund law is a first . 
Insurers recovered ground again on market-maker demand and speculative buying linked to talk of mergers in the industry before the European Community 's planned market unification in 
All the more so when strong voices are heard opposing the policy . 
PRODUCTS DON'T have to be first to be winners . 
But an uninvited guest is expected to try to crash the party . 
But the new commercials deal with it indirectly by showing a woman smiling as she tries to get up from a fall . 
Among paper company stocks that rallied on the Big Board because of the offer were Union Camp , up $ 2.75 to $ 37.75 , Federal Paperboard , up $ 1.75 to $ 27.875 , Mead , up $ 2.375 to $ 38.75 , and Temple Inland Inc. , up $ 3.75 to $ 62.25 . 
Mr. Cano is president of El Espectador , a newspaper founded by his grandfather . 
I was driving my truck , stopped at a red light at the corner of Shattuck and Alcatraz at the Oakland-Berkeley border when it hit . 
His firm , along with some others , issued new buy recommendations on insurer stocks yesterday . 
`` The { stones } that were irradiated in the U.S. are safe , '' says John Hickey , chief of the NRC operations branch , Washington . 
`` It 's evident we 're entering a more competitive era , '' he says . 
The OTC market 's largest stocks soared as well , as the Nasdaq 100 Index jumped 10.01 , or 2 % , to 463.06 . 
`` The question remains : how much can the West German market absorb ? '' says one senior dealer . 
Thermal paper is used in facsimile machines . 
And with the quiet pragmatism of Mr. Guzman Cabrera replacing the prickly populism of La Quina , government technocrats have been given a free hand to open the petrochemical sector to wider private and foreign investment . 
I like rather tea , because it is at the end of the day . '' 
On the Milan stock exchange , Nuovo Banco 's shares jumped to 4,830 lire each from 4,695 lire Friday . 
The move , which could cost TransCanada as much as 50 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 42.5 million ) in relocation and severance payments , should be complete by next summer , Mr. Maier said . 
It operates various types of addiction-treatment facilities . 
Industrywide , oil production in this country fell by 500,000 barrels a day to 7.7 million barrels in the first eight months of this year . 
The purchase , expected to be completed by year end , will make Quebecor the second-largest commercial printer in North America , behind only R.R. Donnelley & Sons Co. , Chicago . 
Slowing economies in some areas limit student choice . 
The sales are an attempt to quell investor concern about Black & Decker 's increased debt burden from the Emhart purchase . 
The venture plans to announce a final site by late November . 
The dividend will be paid Nov. 22 to shares of record Nov. 7 . 
The first phase of the program has been completed , but two other phases are continuing . 
Still , Britain 's current slump is a cause for concern here as the nation joins in the European Community 's plan to create a unified market by 1992 . 
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions . 
Together , the two stocks wreaked havoc among takeover stock traders , and caused a 7.3 % drop in the Dow Jones Transportation Average , second in size only to the stock-market crash of Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
`` We think the worst is over '' in the European information-technology market , she said . 
As of Sept. 30 , Mercury 's assets were $ 2.25 billion , down from $ 2.62 billion a year ago . 
His bride is the rich and beautiful Linda Loring , a character who also appeared in Chandler 's `` The Long Goodbye '' and `` Playback . '' 
Wang 's customers are data processing managers who want to be sure that their suppliers are stable , wellrun companies that will be around to fix bugs and upgrade computers for years to come . 
In the latest week , funds open to institutions alone grew by $ 1.8 billion . 
It said it filed an action of its own in federal court in San Jose , Calif. , seeking a declaration that Quickview 's claims are invalid . 
Business , however , continues to be `` robust , '' and the stock market has n't affected the concern 's expansion plans , says Todd Krasnow , a senior executive . 
Equally inconceivable is that the ANC , given the chance to hold a rally , would extend a hand , albeit warily , to the government . 
And now that the price has fallen below $ 19.65 , which many had said showed considerable resistance , some traders and analysts figure there 's little to stop the price from going lower on technical decisions . 
Thus have Charles Colson and Jeb Magruder launched successful post-Watergate careers at the pulpit . 
I really do not understand how it is that Filipinos feel so passionately involved in this father figure that they want to dispose of and yet they need . 
It falls to others to do the writing , directing and producing . 
But the trouble it faces now under Democratic rule seems bigger and more daunting than anything it has faced in the past . 
It was the second anniversary of the 1987 crash , but this time it was different . 
`` Steve and his firm were still worth a lot of money , '' Mr. Rawls said . 
The $ 11,775,000 of term bonds due 2006 and the $ 13,865,000 of term bonds due 2009 are n't being formally reoffered . 
Why ? 
1:00 a.m . 
The basket products are `` an evolutionary step '' in solving problems in trading big blocks of stock that came to light in the 1987 market crash , said SEC Commissioner Joseph Grundfest . 
At seven weeks , an embryo is about three-fourths of an inch long and recognizably human . 
Chicago-based Continental earned $ 65.2 million , or $ 1.04 a share , compared with $ 73.6 million , or $ 1.19 a share , a year earlier . 
Diversified Investment Group Inc. said it agreed to be acquired by Star States Corp. for stock valued at $ 13.75 a share , or about $ 24.4 million . 
They only accounted for 5 % , at best , of the station 's total revenues . '' 
Mr. Chan now produces 1,000 bicycle and motorbike tires a month and 1,000 tins of tire-patching glue in the son 's small house . 
Still , even the title raises questions about the author 's vision of her subject . 
But the simplicity may be misleading . 
The $ 2.85 billion measure comes on top of $ 1.1 billion appropriated after Hugo struck the Carolinas and Caribbean last month , and these totals do n't reflect the additional benefit of low-interest disaster loans . 
And taking more direct action has the advantage of avoiding sharp increases in the money supply , such as happened in October 1987 . 
Generale des Eaux said the earnings gain was led by its water , energy and building activities . 
But by all accounts foreign companies have bought only a relative handful of Japanese companies this year , while Japanese companies have acquired hundreds of foreign companies . 
`` As far as we 're concerned , we 're waiting for the dust to settle , '' he said . 
In contrast , the industrial average recovered almost completely from its skid and closed down 0.1 % . 
The administration and Congress have lately tangoed around the idea of sending military aid to Cambodia 's non-communists . 
Beginning as a laborer in a refinery , Mr. Guzman Cabrera put in more than 40 years at Pemex before being pushed into retirement by La Quina after a dispute two years ago . 
NAS is National Advanced Systems , CDC -- Control Data Corp. , Bull NH Information Systems Inc . 
$ 70.3 million of pollution control revenue bonds ( Houston Lighting & Power Co . Project ) , due Oct. 1 , 2019 , were tentatively priced by a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group at 98 1\/4 to yield 7.649 % with a coupon of 7 1\/2 % . 
Yesterday , the benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at 102 18\/32 to yield 7.89 % , compared with 102 9\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Monday . 
Also shown is the closing listed market price or a dealer-to-dealer asked price of each fund 's shares , with the percentage of difference . 
As it turned out , bank employees were n't hurt and the vaults withstood the jolts . 
With Garpian randomness , a hotel across the street , the Amfac , had been hit harder : A large sheet of its concrete facade and several window balconies were torn away . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
Best of all , they add , these growth issues , unlike their big blue-chip cousins on the New York Stock Exchange , are languishing at depressed prices . 
This ministry has done nothing to correct the misunderstandings and misperceptions that are at the root of Japan 's deteriorating image . 
Dennis Farney 's Oct. 13 page-one article `` River of Despair , '' about the poverty along the Mississippi , fanned childhood memories of when my parents were sharecroppers in southeastern Arkansas , only a few miles from the river . 
Cray said its order backlog at Sept. 30 was $ 315 million , down $ 25 million from June 30 . 
We 're sure some theologian can explain the difference between what the Republican consultants have been doing with HUD and what these gentleladies and gentlemen want to do with HUD . 
The Galileo spacecraft sped unerringly toward the planet Jupiter , while five astronauts aboard the space shuttle Atlantis measured the Earth 's ozone layer . 
One thing is certain , however : Mr. Corry , while studying other options , probably wo n't make a major move until he 's clear about Mr. Icahn 's intentions . 
Says Mr. Daly , the venture capitalist : `` It does n't matter whether they call it guidelines or policy . 
What 's so discouraging is ... '' 
Such support usually comes from arbitragers who use a strong British pound to buy copper in New York . 
Of the 450 survey respondents , 35 % said they expect to spend less buying Christmas gifts this year than last year , while 28 % said they expect to spend more and 37 % said their gift budget would stay the same . 
Meanwhile , the company 's service center segment , which saw operating profit drop to $ 11.5 million from $ 30.7 million a year ago , experienced much of the same demand and cost problems , as well as start-up costs associated with a coil processing facility in Chicago and an upgraded computer information system . 
But though a weakening economy implies reduced demand , Mr. Kaiser said that Third World copper-producing countries have n't any choice but to sell copper . 
There was no immediate estimate of damage from the company . 
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk . 
A Carbide spokesman said `` the conditions are right for the increase to hold . '' 
SHEVARDNADZE ADMITTED that Moscow violated the 1972 ABM treaty . 
But Sotheby 's , Christie 's and the National Association of Antique Dealers are still trying to get theirs . 
He was found not guilty of three charges , involving accusations that he had improperly disclosed information about a sensitive , government investigation . 
`` Our members are eager to begin trading this contract , so we expect no difficulty in attracting locals to the natural gas pit , '' he said . 
Meanwhile , the company 's board , which had said nothing publicly about investor Donald Trump 's recently withdrawn $ 7.5 billion offer for AMR , issued a statement condemning `` ill-conceived and reckless '' bids and saying it was `` pleased '' that Mr. Trump had backed out . 
Created by an artist who flaunts her ignorance of plants and gardens , South Gardens , as now planned , will die from congestive garden design . 
Academy Insurance fell 1\/32 to 1 3\/16 ; but volume totaled 1.2 million shares . 
But when the dollar rises against major foreign currencies , as it did for much of this year , the dollar value of these funds declines . 
However , the quarter results included $ 28 million in royalty income from patent licenses , up from $ 21 million in the year-earlier period . 
Computer-guided buying then kicked in , and the industrials regained 27 points in five minutes . 
At a recent White House meeting , Rep. Silvio Conte ( R. , Mass. ) , the ranking minority member of the House Appropriations Committee , argued with his friend Mr. Bush against a veto , and though Mr. Conte and Minority Leader Robert Michel of Illinois stood with the president yesterday , they are plainly uncomfortable with his position . 
`` They have to work such long hours and then we expect them to be heroes if there 's an evacuation . '' 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
One possible solution for Wall Street is to increase the equity part of the transaction -- that is , give lenders a bigger stake in the surviving company rather than just interest payments . 
Mr. Rabinowitz , the Warner attorney , says the studio still wants the producers to come back and fulfill their contract . 
It was further helped by Ford , which announced after London 's close that it had raised its stake to 12 % from just under 11 % on Tuesday . 
Under its revised proposal , Atlanta-based BellSouth would have a 50 % interest in the new cellular company and would be responsible for half of its debt . 
A pleasant place to come and spend a few hours . '' 
Ford Motor said it raised its stake in the British car maker to 12.45 % of the ordinary shares outstanding . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.04 % two months ; 8.03 % three months ; 7.96 % six months ; 7.92 % one year . 
The plan is talking about applicants admitted , not students who enroll . 
Before the two parties resumed talks last week , De Beers offered 17 % and the union wanted 37.6 % . 
But he noted that the initial effective date of the earlier proposal had been delayed by six months . 
Deutsche Bank , Dresdner Bank and Commerzbank all also have expressed eagerness to expand in France before 1992 . 
Dime Savings Bank of New York was cleared by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to acquire Starpointe Savings Bank of Somerset , N.J. , the banks said . 
At the American Express Travel Related Services Co. unit , net rose 17 % to a record $ 240.8 million on a 19 % revenue increase . 
The union on Oct. 5 requested that the contract be reopened to restore all pay and benefits that the union gave up in the 1982-83 and 1986-87 rounds of bargaining . 
But such partnerships are common in mining , where there are n't problems or conflict of interest or risk of cheating by a partner , '' Trelleborg 's president says . 
DESPITE GROWING interest in the environment , U.S. consumers have n't shown much interest in refillable packages for household products . 
The offering is scheduled to expire on Nov. 30 . 
The glut and consequent lower prices , combined with cancer fears , was a very serious blow to growers . 
In New York Stock Exchange trading , Southern Co. rose 50 cents a share to $ 27.125 . 
Mr. Neff says the stock market has lost some powerful driving forces , namely earnings growth and the `` LBO sweepstakes '' -- buy-out fever that induced investors to bid up whole groups of stocks , such as media and airlines . 
Without more space to incarcerate convicted criminals , he added , `` we will not win the war on drugs . '' 
It said it expects net to rise 45 % to 380 billion yen . 
Engineers first used concrete blocks to bolster the barrier , but the ocean tossed them aside like driftwood . 
REPORTS OF PAYMENTS to independent contractors for services must be filed by businesses , but do n't bet that contractors ' unreported income will be detected that way . 
Others prefer deep-discount zero-coupon bonds . 
That means that on days when prices are tumbling and sellers abound they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . 
`` It was a time when interest rates came down very rapidly , '' Dr. Blumenfeld recalls . 
A second theme is the undercurrent of social class and race in the public reaction to the Morgan case . 
The December contract rose $ 33 a metric ton to $ 1,027 , near its high for the day . 
The newly identified genes differ from a family of genes discovered in the early 1980s called oncogenes . 
The Illinois Attorney General won a court order to prevent the couple from raising further funds without MADD 's permission . 
Wrong on all counts , Miss Fraser . 
The plant employs between 800 and 900 on three shifts . 
-- If the stock stays at the same price between now and the put 's expiration date , the investor 's loss will be limited to the cost of the put , less any amount realized from a closing sale of the put . 
He would have got a lot more done if he made up his mind faster . '' 
Yesterday 's edition misstated the percentage increase . 
The telecommunications , specialty glass , ceramic products and laboratory-services concern said the latest quarter included a tax-loss carry-forward of $ 600,000 . 
Fireman 's Fund Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 85 % to $ 7.2 million from last year 's $ 49.1 million , or 99 cents a share , because of ravages of Hurricane Hugo and increased reserves for legal expenses . 
Its partner in the joint venture is Sin Kean Boon Metal Industries , Penang , Malaysia . 
`` I was always going to do it tomorrow , '' he explained at the time . 
Weisfield 's surged 14 to 53 after agreeing in principle to be acquired by a unit of Ratners Group for $ 50 a share . 
Which brings up the worst and meanest ghost of all -- the ghost of the shah of Iran . 
Their tone was good-natured , with Mr. Packwood saying he intended to offer the proposal again and again on future legislation and Sen. Mitchell saying he intended to use procedural means to block it again and again . 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double-C from single-B-minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade . 
I 'm not going to address questions of safety ! '' ) 
He said Mr. Denlea would be a member of the top management team of the Axa-Midi group of companies , and would `` help define policies and strategies of the group . '' 
`` We have men who only buy their shirts and underwear here or younger customers who only buy their { job } interview suit here , '' says William Roberti , chairman and chief executive officer of Brooks Brothers . `` 
The number of issues falling on the New York Stock Exchange each day is eclipsing the number of gainers . 
The IRS denied cost deductions because few of the temps got to go aboard . 
But Mr. Wenz , who says he lost $ 43,000 in one precious-metals deal and $ 39,000 in another , says a salesman `` used a business-venture approach '' with him , sending investment literature , a contract limiting the firm 's liability , and an insurance policy . 
Brokers said the declines early in the day were partly caused by losses of the ruling Christian-Democratic Union in communal elections in the state of Baden-Wuerttemberg . 
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . '' 
Fatalities on rural interstates rose 33 % between 1986 and last year , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said in a report on the impact of the 65 miles-per-hour speed limit on those roads . 
CBS itself could run up losses of a few hundred million dollars on four years of various sports if its big gamble goes wrong . 
At the time 71%-controlled by Oy Waertsilae , a conglomerate , the shipbuilding unit faced potential losses estimated at one billion markka and was on the brink of liquidation . 
The Free French wore black arm bands , and when she sang `` J'ai deux amours '' they wept . 
With a leveraged position of about 45 % , the fund 's share price has plunged 28.5 % so far this year . 
An increasing number of banks appear to be considering the option under the deal whereby they can swap their Mexican loans for 30-year bonds with a face value discounted by 35 % , Mr. Gurria said . 
`` We still have serious differences with the text , '' a British official said , because it provides for a `` regulation of the labor market . '' 
Many companies have set up machinery to assure workers a fair shake . 
Blunt Ellis , a Milwaukee brokerage firm , says part of the reason catalog sales grow in popularity is because consumers have more money but less time to spend it . 
`` Oh no . 
The company earned $ 6.6 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
The financial services company emerged from the restructuring of Kaufman & Broad , Inc. , which spun off its home-building subsidiary into Kaufman & Broad Home Corp. earlier this year and changed its name to Broad Inc . 
Comair Holdings Inc. said in Cincinnati that it bought Airline Aviation Academy , a pilot training school based at Sanford Regional Airport near Orlando , Fla . 
As part of the agreement with the state , the developers -- a partnership of Park Tower Realty and Prudential Insurance Co. of America -- said they would not proceed with condemnation proceedings while there was `` significant litigation '' pending . 
But now , Charlie Brown is about to start pitching everything from Chex Party Mix to light bulbs . 
Dean Witter now recommends 85 % , Goldman 65 % and Merrill Lynch 50 % . 
The purpose of the note is to provide added capital for the spun-off company in a form that will save it spending cash on immediate interest payments , Mr. Roulac said . 
Transamerica expects an after-tax charge of less than $ 3 million against fourth-quarter net ; Hartford Insurance Group , a unit of ITT Corp. , expects a $ 15 million or 10 cents after-tax charge ; and Fireman 's Fund Corp. expects a charge of no more than $ 50 million before taxes and after using its reinsurance . 
Under construction is the strip 's 24th showroom , the future home of Lexus , a luxury marque launched by Toyota Motor Corp. just two months ago . 
Mr. Silvers says , `` I wanted to be interviewed to get Abbie 's story out , and maybe talking about the illness will do some good . '' 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
So after 70 years , it is confessing the obvious , hoping to be believed about other things . 
It 's wildly overwritten . 
In one of the most sweeping environmental regulatory efforts to date -- involving products with an annual value of $ 135 billion in the U.S. alone -- the signatories agreed to curtail sharply the use of chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) . 
But he and his chief financial officer , John Pope , sowed some of the seeds for the deal 's failure by insisting banks accept low financing fees and interest rates , while they invested in the transaction only a small fraction of the $ 114.3 million they stood to gain from sale of their UAL stock and options . 
Analysts said they were impressed by the performance of the company 's newspaper group , which consists of the Times , 35 regional newspapers and a one-third interest in the International Herald Tribune ; group operating profit for the quarter increased slightly to $ 34.9 million from $ 34.5 million on flat revenue . 
Penn Central Corp. , Cincinnati , said it agreed in principle to acquire Noranda Inc. 's Carol Cable Co. unit for $ 177 million . 
Fireman 's is part of a $ 38 million syndicate that supplies business interruption insurance to the city on the Bay Bridge , which must pay employees during the three weeks or more it is expected to be out of service and deprived of toll income . 
Advanced Cardiovascular Systems Inc. and Cardiac Pacemakers Inc. units led growth in the medical-instrument systems division . 
Last week , Tele-Communications agreed to pay Viacom Inc. $ 225 million for a 50 % stake in its Showtime subsidiary , which is a distant second to Time 's Home Box Office in the delivery of pay-TV networks to cable subscribers . 
The previous five reports were mainly statistical , but clear enough in outline . 
Neither the Quilted Giraffe nor the Paul Stuart renovation reflects much of Mr. McDonough 's environmental concern . 
An appeals-court panel slashed all but $ 40,000 from the award , the largest ever set by a British jury , pending a reassessment of the damages . 
Continentals believe that the strongest growth area will be southern Europe . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
We suspect voters are fed up with the finagling . 
Exclusive of the gain , operating profit declined 35 % to $ 16.4 million , or 21 cents a share , from $ 25.2 million , or 31 cents a share . 
Nuclear power plants are acceptable . 
Nissan instead has kept its new Stanza a bit smaller than that and cut the base price 6 % ; at $ 11,450 , Stanza prices start $ 749 below the predecessor model yet have a more-powerful engine . 
Some dealers say other traders were n't picking up their phones . 
This heavy outside support for the worst has undermined better , moderate leaders . 
If the ship fails to arrive , those per-share earnings estimates could be trimmed 15 cents or more . 
More provocatively , some conservative legal theorists have begun arguing that Mr. Bush does n't need to wait for a law giving him the veto because the power already is implicit in the Constitution . 
But even on the federal bench , specialization is creeping in , and it has become a subject of sharp controversy on the newest federal appeals court . 
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday . 
Third-quarter revenue is expected to be $ 40 million to $ 45 million , up from $ 38.2 million a year earlier , according to Neil Gordon , treasurer . 
Stock prices rose slightly as trading slowed , while bonds ended little changed despite a slumping dollar . 
Bond mutual funds offer diversification and are easy to buy and sell . 
The banks said an application for a concession to merge into one entity to be called Den Norske Bank AS was sent Monday to the Finance Ministry . 
Sony is acquiring Columbia and Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. in two separate transactions valued at more than $ 5 billion . 
Broken water lines and gas leaks hindered firefighters ' efforts , but by late yesterday authorities said they had the fire under control . 
The restaurant operator had 32.2 million shares outstanding as of Sept. 29 . 
The man handling all this for the now-deceased Slaughter is Major Manley Battle , Mr. Gelbart 's stand in for Col. Oliver North . 
There are also about $ 124 million of 6 1\/2 % bonds priced to yield 7.25 % in 2012 ; about $ 97 million of 6 % bonds priced to yield 7.20 % in 2014 ; and about $ 26.5 million of 5 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2016 . 
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval . 
In 1986 , Baker , Nye waged a proxy fight for control of Leaseway Transportation Inc. that ultimately led to Leaseway 's being sold . 
Instead , this official said , `` This is vintage George Bush . 
But the test may prove to be more sensitive in determining whether a tumor has spread or returned following treatment , Dr. Wilson said . 
It would force these countries to introduce minimum standards for pay and working hours , and provide for collective bargaining and worker `` participation '' in major corporate decisions . 
( In case you have forgotten , his name was Rudolph Dirks . ) 
And while the job is half done , Brooks is still bitter . 
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts . 
Three new issues begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange today , and one began trading on the Nasdaq\/National Market System last week . 
To help finance the Carat purchase , WCRS said it plans an issue of Euroconvertible preferred shares once the market settles down . 
Eight Oakland players hit homers , with centerfielder Dave Henderson getting two , both on Friday . 
One major advantage of the revised plan is that Aztar will have far less debt than under the old terms . 
Shoney 's said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in 
On Oct. 14 of that year , the announcement of an unusually large August trade deficit helped trigger a steep market decline . 
`` This is no time to be playing in the street ... 
Virtually every automotive analyst in New York showed up . 
Rigid ideological restrictions on property ownership should be abandoned . 
Among them are the shipbuilders , which had halved their shipyard work forces to cut costs during a prolonged slump in demand but now are capturing an increased share of the strengthening global market . 
He was further questioned to determine if he was `` a real working man or an exploiter . '' 
Within the alliance it is supposed to act as a balancing force , guarding against excessive control by government or abuse of its economic position by business , for either could result in a deterioration of its living standards ( under the new resolutions , workers councils may demand that a cooperative be closed or its prices be reduced ) . 
Unless the government suddenly reverses course , wages for most workers wo n't keep pace with inflation , creating a potential source of urban unrest . 
`` We ca n't do without their help , '' says Mrs. Conradie . 
With the other hand , KKR put back into SCI TV less than 10 % of the cash it had taken out , buying SCI TV common and preferred shares . 
`` You 're not going to make it in a 5 % bank account , '' says James Riepe , director of mutual funds at T. Rowe Price . 
The latest period includes gains of $ 9.1 million from early retirement of debt and tax loss carry-forward . 
Currently , if the person taping is a party to the conversation , it 's all right to record without the knowledge of the other person on the line . 
West Germany also has increased its credit guarantees to Hungary by 500 million marks to 1.5 billion marks as the emerging democratic state rushes through its own economic reforms , including a broad privatization of state-owned industry and tax incentives for industrial investment . 
He could n't be reached and a company spokesman would n't comment on the dismissal . 
One building was upgraded to red status while people were taking things out , and a resident who was n't allowed to go back inside called up the stairs to his girlfriend , telling her to keep sending things down to the lobby . 
AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : `` Ill-considered and reckless acquisition proposals adversely affect employee , financial and business relationships and are contrary to the best interests of AMR shareholders ... . 
Officials of Vauxhall Motors Ltd. , GM 's British unit , were meeting with union leaders late yesterday in hopes of winning such an accord . 
With U.S. liquor consumption declining steadily , many American producers are stepping up their marketing efforts abroad . 
Malcolm MacDougall , vice chairman of the Jordan , McGrath , Case & Taylor advertising agency in New York , calls the proliferation `` nameplate mania . '' 
In early trading , Treasury bonds were higher on expectations that a surge in buying among Japanese investors would continue . 
The Labor Party , meanwhile , threatened to support a parliamentary motion to topple the coalition unless Shamir showed flexibility on Arab-Israeli talks . 
Chemex Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1.2 million units consisting of two shares of common stock and one common warrant , via PaineWebber Inc . 
The Internal Revenue Service plans to restructure itself more like a private corporation . 
This is not nearly good enough . 
The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- buying advertising , public relations and design all in one place , or `` Ogilvy Orchestration '' in Ogilvyspeak -- a reality . 
The premium of cash copper to the three-month forward offerings narrowed , indicating weaker demand for cash copper . 
Now many Republicans are listening . 
Lang owns 70 % of Matilda , while Citicorp owns the rest through its Citicorp Venture Capital Partners . 
His resignation follows a hostile takeover of the ad agency in May by WPP of Britain . 
Some changes to the plan were minor adjustments , but the most significant was an amendment that provides that if any investor holds 25 % or more of Rubbermaid 's voting securities , each right held by others would entitle the holder to buy Rubbermaid shares with a market value of twice the right 's exercise price . 
But they are already objecting to , among other things , a plan to give more weight to cost-benefit considerations in evaluating pesticides . 
The drug will be given treatment investigational new drug status , a label accorded to drugs believed effective but lacking formal approval . 
Digital 's target is the $ 40 billion market for mainframe computers , the closet-sized number-crunchers that nearly every big company needs to run its business . 
The rest of the world accepted such methods when Japan was developing . 
A cross-functional team at Union Carbide 's Tonawanda , N.Y. , facility , which produces air-separation plants , followed a similar path to reduce manufacturing cycle time . 
East Germany 's new leader met with Lutheran Church officials to discuss a growing opposition movement demanding democratic freedoms . 
The Peruvian minerals concern had been seeking a claim of $ 251 million against Mr. Hunt . 
Bank of New York Co. said it agreed in principle to acquire the credit-card business of Houston-based First City Bancorp. of Texas for between $ 130 million and $ 134 million . 
`` What is the way forward ? 
And , with no other offers on the table , the board apparently felt no pressure to act on it . 
Control Data Corp. said it licensed its airline yield-management software to the International Air Transport Association . 
`` The RTC needs the most able , competent management available . '' 
The government 's 136-page filing covers events leading up to the current case and an earlier indictment in March 1985 , when GE was accused of defrauding the Pentagon by illegally claiming cost overruns on Minuteman missile contracts . 
Doman Industries Ltd. said it increased its stake in Western Forest Products Ltd. to 56 % from 22 % , through a two-step transaction valued at 137 million Canadian dollars ( $ US116.7 million ) . 
The photos showed active geysers on Io spewing sulfurous material 190 miles into its atmosphere and indicated that Europa may have an ocean hidden under a thick sheet of ice . 
After a tortuous climb , she is rewarded by a picture-postcard vista : a glade of golden aspens under an azure Indian-summer sky . 
So anyone buying the stock now is betting on some special transaction such as a recapitalization or takeover , and must do so using some guesswork about the likelihood of such an event . 
First Boston 's merchant banking risks mounted last month as highly leveraged Campeau Corp. , First Boston 's most lucrative client of the decade , was hit by a cash squeeze and the high-risk junk bond market tumbled . 
The relatively small academic conferences that have attracted conservative guests -- and press scrutiny -- in recent years are much more narrowly targeted and austere than the thousand-person get-togethers in fancy digs and exotic locales of years past . 
In the first quarter of 1988 , the company earned $ 10 million , or 94 cents a share . 
Average daily trading volume : 179,032 shares 
During the 15-month survey , 43 % of all legal-services programs said that at some period they were unable to accept new clients unless they had an emergency . 
The package `` provides a temporary , golden parachute for Grumman , '' according to one congressional aide familiar with the closed-door bargaining . 
UAL 's advisers have indicated previously that it may take a while to come forward with a revised plan since they want to have firm bank commitments before launching a new bid . 
Perhaps , considering the value of our time , we will be unable to patronize their establishments in the post-Hugo era . 
IT IS N'T TRUE that a 90-year old clergyman on a mission of mercy to a disaster area on Christmas Day can fly free . 
The machine uses a single processor , which makes it easier to program than competing machines using several processors . 
Although the proposal must be approved by federal Judge Harold C. Abramson , W. Herbert Hunt has agreed to the Peruvian mineral concern 's proposal . 
GE is defending itself against government criminal charges of fraud and false claims in connection with a logistics-computer contract for the Army . 
`` It 's amazing the amount of money that goes up their nose , out to the dog track or to the tables in Las Vegas , '' Mr. Katz says . 
The Soviet Union has purchased roughly eight million tons of grain this month , and is expected to take delivery by year end , analysts said . 
She adopted 12 of assorted races , naming them the Rainbow Tribe , and driving her husband first to despair and then to Argentina . 
Now it 's getting downright dangerous . 
The firms have all said that West Virginia 's suit is without merit . 
Paul Padget 
A woman who once would have saved for two or three seasons to buy a U.S.-made mink can now get an imported mink right away for less than $ 2,000 . 
A typical British executive car is mass produced and smaller than a luxury car . 
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum . 
The issue is one of a judge 's experience , his competence and his physical ability to serve on the bench , '' Justice Rubin said . 
John Sculley , chairman and chief executive officer , credited the Macintosh SE\/30 and IIcx computers , introduced in the winter , for the brightened sales performance . 
Later this season he gives a recital at Washington 's Kennedy Center , and appears as soloist with several major orchestras . 
When Congress finally passed the Metric Conversion Act in 1975 , industry was far ahead . 
Warner and Mr. Azoff declined comment , as did MCA , where Mr. Azoff had also been discussing such a venture . 
Within the building-materials group , Georgia-Pacific climbed 1 1\/4 to 58 and Louisiana-Pacific added 1 to 40 3\/4 after Merrill Lynch recommended the forest-products issues . 
Mr. Savaiko believes that if copper falls below the bottom of this range the next significant support level will be about $ 1.04 . 
Acting sometimes falls flat . 
Mr. Hollander 's Stamford , Conn.-based High Technology Holding Co. acquired most of its 49.4 % stake in Newport in August . 
Mr. Staloff , 44 , was a senior officer of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange and is considered a specialist in new financial products . 
Under the agreement , Prospect is permitted to increase its stake in Recognition to 30 % . 
And while sellers of the equipment and companies `` monitoring '' employees have few qualms , right-to-privacy advocates and some lawmakers are alarmed . 
But Mr. Achenbaum pioneered negotiated fees , which often worked out to less than 15 % . 
Securities-trading operations were moved to Bank of America 's Concord office , and foreign-exchange trading operations were shifted to Los Angeles , the bank said . 
It helps to keep out unions . 
Such evaluations met with derision , and kept the machine from resigning as soon as humans would have -- prompting more derision . 
Some of Mr. Peladeau 's ventures , including an earlier push into the U.S. market , have n't paid off on the bottom line . 
They pegged the support largely to anticipation that Britain 's current account imbalance ca n't be much worse than the near record deficits seen in July and August . 
The bank has a negative net worth , they say . 
The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank are expected to provide approximately $ 180 million to help support the deal , and additional funds are expected from Japan . 
Prompted by an earlier California earthquake , as well as a fire in a Los Angeles office tower , Great Western Bank in the past year hired three emergency planners and spent $ 75,000 equipping a trailer with communications gear to serve as an emergency headquarters . 
Mercedes-Benz also agreed to pay taxes owed for the years 1986 through 1988 , Mr. Kidder added . 
Miller Brewing Co. will introduce its first non-alcoholic beer Jan. 1 . 
But in general , all foreign-trading companies are feeling the pinch . 
Profit after taxes and minority interests increased 16 % to # 55.2 million from # 47.6 million in the year-earlier period , while earnings per share rose 16 % to 27.9 pence ( 44 cents ) from 24.1 pence ( 38 cents ) . 
The companies would n't disclose the length of the contract except to say it was a multiyear agreement . 
That would be a formula for ensuring even more FHA red ink . 
UAL management was to pay $ 15 million for 10 % , and British Air was to receive a 15 % stake . 
From the air , ribbons of yellow fire hose carry water from the bay to high-pressure nozzles trained on the site . 
The 1990 plan also assumes inflation will decline to 1.7 % by 1994 . 
Some industry groups consistently weather the storm better than others . 
Bard\/EMS had 1988 sales of about $ 14 million , Birtcher said . 
Now Mr. Gonzalez is holding the equivalent of reconfirmation hearings anyway , under the guise of the Lincoln investigation . 
We need to get a space platform set up soon -- just in case we want to step out for a breath of fresh air . 
The proposed transaction is the latest in a redeployment of assets by the Los Angeles-based oil company that has included the $ 200 million sale of its headquarters property and the pending sale of half of its Chicago refinery and related marketing operations to Petroleos de Venezuela S.A . 
Zacks Investment Research counts five brokerage houses that consider the stock a buy , and four that call it a hold . 
Traders said a steady stream of bonds was put up for sale yesterday , pushing yields for longer maturities up 0.05 percentage point . 
They 're more worried about bread on the table . 
They 'd like to see some other names in their portfolios , '' said Michael S. Appelbaum , first vice president at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
Each 5,000 mark bond carries one warrant and one certificate for four warrants , exercisable from Dec. 18 , 1989 , to Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % above the closing share price when prices are fixed Oct. 30 . 
Moreover , ostentation is appreciated . 
If the IRS seeks late-payment interest because of the lost check , you should request interest abatement , publisher Prentice Hall notes . 
Or can we ask you why you changed your forecast just when it 's about to be right ? '' 
The transactions are unrelated . 
And , apparently , it is here to stay . 
Ocean Drilling & Research dropped 1 1\/4 to 21 1\/2 following news of a restructuring plan that calls for the company to reorganize its drilling business into a separate company and offer a 15 % to 20 % stake to the public . 
A Coastal spokesman said the biggest expense will be to refurbish the refinery but would n't say how much that would be . 
One state environmental regulator returned a report because `` it was n't heavy enough , it could n't have been correct , '' Mr. Maguire says . 
It 's hard to believe this really is happening . 
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third-quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Other cases go to show that an old saw still applies : If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is . 
These apocalyptic predictions were advanced by such stalwarts as Paul Ehrlich , Barry Commoner , Rene Dubois and George Wald . 
`` Wage increases and overall compensation increases are beginning to curl upward a little bit , '' said Audrey Freedman , a labor economist at the Conference Board , a business research organization . 
S.G. Warburg , a rumored target of some European banking concerns , finished 22 higher at 400 . 
The golden share dates from Jaguar 's public offering in 1984 and was designed to protect the company from takeover . 
This is a fact -- though , in view of all the feathers that are ruffled by this fact , it is not surprising that one hears so little about it . 
Most of the growth , he said , will come in the $ 35,000-to-$50,000 price range , where Mercedes has a 35 % U.S. market share . 
GE Capital has a working relationship with L.J. Hooker . 
Then someone decided to try broken-down earthmoving equipment that , inexplicably , held against the waves . 
Kurt Kruger , who follows the stock for Hambrecht & Quist , anticipates that the company 's net income will grow 51 % to $ 2.15 a share this year . 
Although Coopers has n't been courted by other major accounting firms for a merger , it is benefiting greatly from fallout from the Deloitte-Touche merger . 
Institut Merieux 's bid for Toronto-based Connaught has run into problems with the Canadian government , which told Merieux last week that it was n't convinced that the proposed acquisition would be of `` net benefit '' to Canada . 
Previous talks between Pittston , of Greenwich , Conn. , and the union have been sporadic and unsuccessful . 
The index fell 151.20 Friday . 
But I loved turbans . '' ) 
`` This is n't a political issue , this is a moral issue , '' said Rep. Henry Hyde ( R. , Ill. ) , the most eloquent spokesman for the anti-abortion movement . 
That amounts to more than $ 350 billion a year . 
It might force Congress and the states to narrow the death penalty only to convictions shown to be relatively free of racial imbalance -- murders by repeat offenders who torture their victims , perhaps . 
The Tax Court did n't believe that the Rubins , who earned $ 65,619 in their regular jobs , treated the sideline as a real business and derived `` merely incidental elements of recreation and other personal pleasure and benefits '' from it . 
A Salomon spokesman said its stock , bond and foreign exchange trading , as well as its investment banking operations , were mostly responsible for the earnings jump . 
With a market order , an investor tells a broker to buy or sell `` at the market . '' 
People will say that the nation and the government have other objectives , in addition to stabilizing the price level , which is true . 
But once the new securities are digested , they expect investors to focus on the weak economic data . 
It said then it had had and would continue to have discussions with Anacomp 's management concerning its investment . 
He added that details of the recapitalization still have to be worked out , but that Pathe will take 50 % of Odeon , Rome film producer Bruno Lucisano will take 10 % and the remaining 16.66 % , currently owned by Sasea , will eventually be sold to other investors . 
DeSoto Inc. said it is dismissing 200 employees as part of a restructuring aimed at producing pretax savings of $ 10 million annually . 
Analysts peg the dollar 's recent weakness to an underlying slowdown in the U.S. economy , highlighted by recent economic data , particularly a surprisingly sharp widening in the August U.S. trade gap . 
While some automotive programs have been delayed , they have n't been canceled . '' 
In case managers and personnel specialists are unsuccessful and subordinates take their complaints to a company court or adjudicator , teach managers to accept reversals as a fact of business life , for in a good due-process system they are bound to happen . 
Cray 's directors set Nov. 15 as the record date for distribution of shares in the new company , to be called Cray Computer Corp . 
Similar steps would be taken to liquidate unprofitable state and collective farms by the end of 1991 . 
Neither man achieved perfection . 
BankAmerica 's total loans rose 8 % to $ 71.36 billion . 
During the past four months , retail sales have remained generally weak , advancing an average 0.2 % a month , the agency said . 
Circulation soared as the weekly went way beyond standard literary themes to cover Vietnamese society and its ills . 
Markets -- 
Quebecor will own 57.5 % of the new subsidiary . 
On U.S. military presence in Asia : Asked if his offer to allow the American military to use facilities in Singapore would help preserve America 's presence in the region at bases in the Philippines , he said , `` What we have done is make it easier for the Philippines to continue to host American bases without it being said they are lackeys of the imperialists and the only ones in Asia or in Southeast Asia . 
In an Oct. 19 letter to A.P. Green 's board , East Rock said the offer is subject to the signing of a merger agreement by no later than Oct. 31 . 
Mr. Ayers is editor and publisher of the Anniston , Ala. , Star . 
Other plans generally would n't pay unsecured creditors ' interest accrued since the filing . 
Fiat S.p . A. , Italy 's leading industrial group , is conducting `` concrete '' talks with West Germany 's Daimler-Benz AG on a series of projects in the aerospace sector , Fiat officials said . 
But turn into the shopping center 's parking lot , and one could be in the safe , busy mall of a prosperous suburb . 
THE CHILDREN of Los Angeles will soon have their own $ 52 million courthouse . 
Mr. Breeden , not missing a chance to press his agenda , cited the earthquake . 
ATHLONE INDUSTRIES Inc. said that on Dec. 21 it will redeem $ 10 million face amount of its $ 59.3 million of 15.625 % subordinated notes outstanding , due June 1 , 1991 . 
`` And if the Europeans come in , they benefit too . 
Sources in the industry and on Capitol Hill say a compromise that would placate the industry while addressing the SEC 's concerns may be possible . 
More venturesome businesses are applying their skills in commercial fields . 
The first day 's business was 911 contracts ( each for 100 shares of one of the listed stocks ) . 
One sign that more Soviet purchases are possible is that U.S. grain companies yesterday bought an unusually large amount of corn futures contracts . 
The comptroller 's office said it found no indications of illegal discrimination in 3,437 examinations of banks since April 1987 . 
Unisys has said that all of the company officials who participated in improper activities have left the company . 
Bond prices also edged higher . 
The focus of the outcry has been stock-index arbitrage , which accounts for about half the program trading that goes on . 
The sole limited partner of the partnership is Westwood Brick Lime Inc. , an indirect subsidiary of Westwood Group Inc . 
But gay rights advocates are angry , too . 
`` We lent a lot of money all over the place , '' said Tan Sri Basir , who refused to discuss the bank 's outstanding loans to 
J.P. Morgan & Co. , New York , will help the statutory managers of DFC New Zealand Ltd. to evaluate the failed investment bank 's condition . 
The agreement calls for South African debtors to make repayments in eight installments , starting in December of next year . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Bank Building closed at $ 4 a share , down 62.5 cents . 
The group 's Mark Cahoon says its efforts begun in 1989 have led to the introduction of bills in Massachusetts , Minnesota and Colorado to establish evenhanded procedures affecting all kinds of taxpayers . 
A main motive is hard cash . 
The experiment was stopped briefly to change an instrument . 
Polish agriculture will need a whole private network of procurement , processing and distribution -- plus a new manufacturing industry to supply it with tractors , pesticides , fertilizers and feed . 
One airline executive , who declined to be identified , called the loss `` amazing . '' 
`` The coin is their problem . '' 
Workers could dial out , but they could n't receive telephone calls . 
Moreover , sports is hardly the best way to lure adult women . 
He ultimately became so well-known for cutting compensation , however , that clients did n't seek him out for anything else . 
New York stocks recovered some of their losses after the London market closed . 
Ducks . 
Even if a grower beats them back , his $ 2,000 rented bees might buzz off to the neighbors ' orchards instead of pollinating his , Mr. Broderick says . 
But what happens next in the continuing takeover drama may depend more on the company 's two most powerful and fractious unions : the pilots and machinists . 
We are constantly faced with deciding which partnerships { with magazines } we can keep . '' 
The merged company that it now becomes part of will have billings of just more than $ 2.6 billion -- most of that in Europe -- bringing it to about 14th world-wide . 
But both sides appear to be more willing now to meet each other 's terms to resolve the issue . 
Beatrice Co. -- 
Pennzoil is rumored to be accumulating a stake in Chevron in order to push for a revamping of the company ; investor Carl Icahn has recently increased his stake in USX , which separately reported earnings that were in line with expectations . 
Labor problems are the last thing Mr. Smith needs right now . 
But seesaw gyrations in the Dow Jones Industrial Average yesterday put Wall Street back in the spotlight and inspired market participants to bid the U.S. unit lower . 
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday . 
The spokesman said the vote at Sochaux is expected to be followed by a similar move at the company 's assembly plant at Mulhouse , where the number of strikers has been whittled down to 80 . 
Republic New York Corp. joined the list of banks boosting reserves for losses on loans to less-developed countries , setting out a $ 200 million provision and posting a $ 155.4 million third-quarter net loss as a result . 
He said the tie-up would mean Jaguar could `` develop cars down range { in price } from where we are '' by offering access to GM 's high-volume parts production . 
Two weeks after boosting base rates to 15 % , he pledged that `` rates will have to remain high for some time to come . '' 
Boston 's Advent International raises $ 230 million from U.S. pension funds and other institutions to invest in Europe . 
`` Shocked . '' 
Municipal Issues 
Six-month CDs of $ 50,000 and less yielded an average 8.02 % in the week ended Tuesday , down from 8.10 % , according to Banxquote . 
He said Rorer opted to sell Asilone and Thrombinar to raise revenue that would `` kick start '' its increased marketing efforts behind Maalox , still its top-selling product with about $ 215 million in world-wide sales in 1988 . 
Anthony Wang , president , attributed the drop to the disruption of the company 's business resulting from the prolonged process of acquiring Cullinet . 
`` I was not pleased with the slow start , and neither was NBC News , '' said Guy Hempel , general manager of NBC affiliate WAVE in Louisville , Ky . 
All of the changes will reduce its overhead and streamline operations , Boeing said . 
The chart below shows why ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 23 , 1989 ) . 
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies . 
That means goods could be manufactured closer to customers , saving shipping costs , he said . 
The other scenario assumes that Beijing takes effective actions to curb imports in the coming months . 
One wonders how other college athletic officials would behave under the same circumstances . 
Texas Air has run into difficulty reselling about $ 20 million of debt securities because of problems in the junk bond market , the person said . 
It would be sad for Mr. Gonzalez to abandon them to appease his foes . 
The upper echelon of this group were shares of the `` nifty 50 '' companies whose profits of the 1960s and early 1970s grew steadily , if not spectacularly , through thick and thin . 
In the fibers segment , profit rose to $ 180 million from $ 155 million , a gain Du Pont attributed to higher demand in the U.S. for most textile products . 
The stock market 's precipitous drop frightened foreign investors , who quickly bid the dollar lower . 
Procter & Gamble 's profit surged 38 % in its latest fiscal quarter , aided by a gain from a legal settlement and continued growth overseas . 
After the confusion surrounding the change of the Coke formula in 1985 , Coca-Cola was reluctant to clutter the Classic name with a brand extension . 
Some HUD money actually does trickle down to the poor , and zeroing out housing middlemen would free up more money for public housing tenants to manage and even own their units . 
Justin 's attorney , Charles E. Baxley , said Justin would ask an appeals court to set aside the order temporarily , pending an expedited appeal . 
SALES TAX RECORDS : 
Meanwhile , several other major installations around the Valley -- America 's center of high-tech -- said they , too , fared as well as could be expected . 
And a Fannie Mae seminar this week promises to draw hundreds of prospective investors , who can be expected to channel tens of billions of dollars into the market in the next few years . 
SCI TV 's grace period for paying its bills is due to expire Nov. 16 . 
In addition to being broadcast on cable television , the movie also is being distributed on videocassettes , the suit alleges in seeking unspecified damages . 
A Yale law school graduate , he began his career in corporate law and then put in years at Metromedia Inc. and the William Morris talent agency . 
Ten years ago , the newspaper El Espectador , of which my brother Guillermo was editor , began warning of the rise of the drug mafias and of their leaders ' aspirations to control Colombian politics , especially the Congress . 
Fourth , the theory indicates why the Republican Party may have a difficult time attracting viable candidates for congressional office . 
The firm was indicted in Tampa , Fla. , on money-laundering charges . 
Net income \* : $ 599.9 million ; or $ 20.20 a share 
Because of the interest connected with the issue , the London exchange took the unusual step of letting traders establish an officially sanctioned when-issued market . 
The company reiterated yesterday that it 's willing to reconfigure the package , but not add to the substance of it . 
With 65 % of its sales coming from mountain bikes , Specialized is widely considered to be a market leader . 
The French state-controlled auto group and the Dutch truck maker plan to incorporate the new trucks into their product lines when they begin production toward the middle of the 1990s . 
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company . 
Gold mining stocks traded on the American Stock Exchange also showed strength . 
Along with `` Show Boat , '' `` Great Performances '' kicks off its new season with this Lincoln Center production of Thornton Wilder 's best known play , in which the role of the small-town Stage Manager is given a hip twist by performance artist Spalding Gray . 
Armco , hampered by lower volume in its specialty steel business , said third-quarter net income dropped 8 % to $ 33 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 36 million , or 39 cents a share in the year-ago quarter . 
Bids totaling $ 465 million were submitted , and accepted bids were at 8.292 % . 
Last week , when her appeal was argued before the Missouri Court of Appeals , her lawyer also relied on the preamble . 
Missouri farmer Blake Hurst writing in the fall issue of the Heritage Foundation 's Policy Review about the proposed location of a hazardous-waste incinerator in his county : 
Indeed , the OTS said that before the law took effect Aug. 9 , it banned another `` key Vision Banc insider '' from insured financial institutions . 
AZT is the world 's only prescription medicine approved for treating the disease . 
These people invested in `` leveraged '' junk bond mutual funds , the publicly traded funds that make a habit of taking out loans to buy extra junk . 
`` The industry has been waiting with bated breath for the machines to come along , '' says David Niles , president of Eleven Twenty Five Productions Inc. , a New York pioneer in high-definition programming . 
A huge silver stockpile at exchanges , refiners , consuming industries and government warehouses of at least 617 million ounces is the market depressant , says Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. in a report . 
Mr. Wall relieved them of responsibility for supervising Lincoln in 1988 . 
Enforcers pay special attention to operators using sweepstakes prizes as an additional inducement to give . 
It also purchases data systems products from a manufacturer based in Monterrey . 
Most brokers assume that all orders are day orders unless specified otherwise . 
Small models , whose performance increased as much as 46 % , will carry higher prices . 
The cats are fine , although nervous . 
On the other hand , investors beat a clear path yesterday to blue-chip issues with proven earnings growth records . 
Why do you continually ignore the salubrious effects of indexing the basis of capital gains for inflation ? 
Late in the day , Mr. Wolf issued a onepage statement calling Mr. Peterpaul 's blast `` divisive and uncalled for . '' 
Bass ended up 3 higher at 966 , Guinness closed at 589 , down 7 , and Scottish & Newcastle dropped 11 to 359 , but Whitbread Class A shares rose 17 to 363 . 
Many critics question the industry 's need for federal support ; the Pentagon justifies its help on national-security grounds . 
His humility gives him a much better chance of success . 
NEW JERSEY MERGER : 
None sustained `` significant '' damage , a spokesman said , adding that `` the delicate manufacturing process machines were checked and were all found to be operating normally . '' 
Mr. Templeton owns shares in several of the 33 funds that his firm manages , but only in three of the 10 available to U.S. investors , according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Revenue rose 2 % to $ 1.58 billion from $ 1.54 billion . 
Aetna , which has nearly 3,000 adjusters , had deployed about 750 of them in Charlotte , Columbia , and Charleston . 
Mr. Mehl noted that actual rates are almost identical on small and large-denomination CDs , but yields on CDs aimed at the individual investor are boosted by more frequent compounding . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Eastern ultimately decided it would have to keep and operate the routes itself , which would leave it with less cash for its reorganization . 
`` This city already has too many tourists , and it ca n't hold them all , '' says Pierluigi Beggiato , the president of the Venice hoteliers association . 
Big U.S. distillers are fiercely vying for this market , which grew to $ 77 million last year from $ 33 million in 1987 , according to government figures . 
He wants stocks whose price\/earnings ratio is less than their growth rate ; as he figures it , H&R Block does n't even come close . 
The cuckoo prefers the nests of other birds and heaves out their eggs . 
Gulf Power 's guilty plea before U.S. District Judge Robert L. Vining yesterday marks the end of only one part of a wide-ranging inquiry of Southern Co . 
But they also make it clear that the first thing a judge will have to decide is which , if any , version of events in this morass is fiction , and which fact . 
John Bruner , associate director of communications for Cincinnati Public Schools , said Channel One was rejected because students watching the program did n't fare particularly better on a 28-question current events quiz than a control school without the program and school absences were almost unchanged during the period when the program was being aired . 
Either way , the overhang is big enough to keep delicately balanced oil markets on edge . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , GTE rose $ 1.25 to $ 64.125 . 
As it stands now , the government would continue to hold 45 % of Picop after the 36 % stake is sold . 
In recent years , the World Series and the Olympics were aired against CBS 's last-place lineup . 
The sharper definition and the autonomy which each will thereby gain will benefit shareholders , customers and employees . '' 
After that , it will make a final decision on the policy . 
Despite yesterday 's modest bond market gains , economists say investors are anxious about the Treasury 's huge quarterly refunding of government debt , the timing of which depends on Congressional efforts to raise the debt ceiling . 
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Verit closed unchanged yesterday at $ 3.875 a share . 
Rockwell , based in El Segundo , Calif. , is an aerospace , electronics , automotive and graphics concern . 
But meanwhile , USAir is expected to show losses or lackluster profit for several quarters as it tries to digest Piedmont Airlines , which it acquired . 
The procedure causes `` great uncertainty '' because an investor ca n't be sure of his or her individual liability , Lloyd 's said . 
The Street knows all about the predictability of its earnings , which are headed for a ninth consecutive yearly increase . 
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % . 
The average seven-day simple yield of the funds fell to 8.21 % this week from 8.26 % . 
CALIFORNIA STRUGGLED with the aftermath of a Bay area earthquake . 
Merrill has been the fourth-biggest stock-index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day . 
The reserves dropped for the first time in recent years , to $ 14 billion in June from $ 19 billion in April . 
With the increase , even more developing-country energy and talent would be diverted from creating profitable economic systems to setting up economic planning ministries that generate IMF-approved economic plans . 
`` After a while , someone has to go over the side . '' 
Ted Eubank , Coda 's president , said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month dedicated to repayment . 
`` We have invested in improved editorial quality and expanded our quality audience without substantially increasing our costs . 
`` Now , we realize what our mothers must have gone through , '' she says . 
In the year-earlier fourth quarter , the company had profit of $ 2.7 million , or 15 cents a share . 
The company is active in office and residential development in New York . 
The product is n't widely used yet , but Toshiba , which has already beaten everyone else in producing the current-generation one-megabit DRAMs , believes that its early investment will heighten its chances of beating its competitors again . 
Not to mention the incursion of imports . 
City officials stuck by their estimate of $ 2 billion in damage to the quake-shocked city . 
Newport officials did n't respond Friday to requests to discuss the changes at the company but earlier , Mr. Weekes had said Mr. Hollander wanted to have his own team on the board . 
A major reason is that they believe the Packwood-Roth plan would lose buckets of revenue over the long run . 
Though not intentionally , the Cowboys ' Mr. Jones has come to represent this new breed of owner . 
The IRS operates on a computer system designed in 1961 , which it has been trying to modernize for years . 
Indeed , three of them will be building a successor machine for International Business Machines Corp . 
They will have to throw their hat in the ring . '' 
Timing is of the essence with RU-486 . 
The bridge normally carries 250,000 commuters a day . 
Although their ads picture curvy young people in skimpy outfits , club owners know the future lies with the lumpier over-40 set . 
That 's the path of reasoning leading to growth stocks . 
Alter some details of this example and it could be taking place today at Federal Express in Memphis , the Defense and Underseas Systems divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis , a General Electric plant in Columbia , Md. , or a number of other companies . 
Hershey Foods Corp. strives for fairness by basing increases on quarterly reviews , annual appraisals and meetings with workers . 
That should help to inspire confidence , Mr. Gilmore says . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : Per-share earnings : 30 cents vs. 44 cents \*\* 
Noting the recent Food and Drug Administration approval of Interferon 's genital warts treatment , National Patent said it believes Interferon 's stock is undervalued . 
As a Republican in an overwhelmingly Democratic city , Mr. Giuliani has an inherent handicap . 
`` It 's distracting attention from serious issues , like how to make DEA , FBI and Customs work together '' on drug enforcement . 
Some conservatives will accuse the president of promising Congress too much . 
The refunding issue , which had been in the wings for two months , was one of the chief offerings overhanging the market and limiting price appreciation . 
Helmsley Enterprises is the umbrella organization for companies controlled by Harry B. Helmsley . 
Daily output is expected to decline by at least another 500,000 barrels next year . 
A number of issues still need to be resolved before Canadian regulators give any project the final go-ahead . 
Dresdner Bank said it will also buy all shares tendered by shareholders on the Paris Stock Exchange at the same price from today through Nov. 17 . 
UAL Corp. 's difficulty in obtaining bank financing for its leveraged buy-out and its resulting price plunge is a tip-off to what 's going to happen to `` takeover stocks , '' says Mr. Canelo . 
That sort of workhorse performance sounds made to order for a time when corporate profits overall have been weakening from the brisk increases of recent years . 
Anton Amon and George Gourlay were elected vice presidents of this soft-drink company . 
Mr. Locke teaches English and comparative literature at Columbia University . 
But prosecutorial guidelines are effective only if someone at Justice is willing and able to supervise hyperactive prosecutors . 
The government said the consumer price index rose 2.3 % in the quarter ended Sept. 30 from the previous quarter and 8 % from a year ago . 
A reading of less than 50 % indicates an economy that is generally contracting while a reading above 50 % indicates an economy that 's expanding . 
`` The magazine is strong . 
Formed in August , the venture weds AT&T 's newly expanded 900 service with 200 voice-activated computers in American Express 's Omaha , Neb. , service center . 
The report says the availability of such advanced analog recording equipment as cassette recorders does n't seem to increase the quantity of home copying . 
After sitting with 20 % of his fund in cash before Friday 's sell-off , Mr. Neff says he bought `` a narrow list of stocks '' yesterday . 
Exports fell for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record . 
A Lebanese Christian alliance accepted an Arab-sponsored proposal aimed at ending Lebanon 's 14-year-old civil war . 
Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % . 
Caltrans plans to add a second deck for buses and car pools above the median of a 2.5-mile stretch of the Harbor Freeway just south of Los Angeles , near the Memorial Coliseum . 
Mr. Patel resigned as senior vice president of Par in April . 
`` Then there 'll be fair competition . '' 
At stake are almost 10,000 jobs in an industry that has been the mainstay of Finland 's post-war economic revival . 
This cuts down greatly on labor , Mr. Buchner said . 
For several years , Turner Broadcasting System 's Cable News Network has invited viewers to respond nightly to topical issues ( `` Should the U.S. military intervene in Panama ? '' ) , but even the hottest controversies on CNN log only about 10,000 calls . 
Warner has filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against Sony and the Guber-Peters duo , who in turn are countersuing Warner for trying to interfere in Sony 's acquisition of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. and Guber Peters Entertainment Co. in two transactions valued at over $ 5 billion . 
Or , a wage that was $ 100 30 years ago would buy only $ 23.53 worth of stuff today . 
Mr. Florio 's forcefulness on the abortion issue after the Webster ruling divides some of his old constituency . 
In an excursus of little relevance to his central point about private enforcement suits by environmental groups , Michael S. Greve informs your readers , `` ... the Clean Water Act is written upon the presumption -- the pretense , rather -- that nothing but zero risk will do ; it establishes a legal standard of zero discharge '' ( `` Congress's Environmental Buccaneers , '' Sept. 18 ) . 
But if I feel that there are situations where I 'm trying to get housing for our area -- whatever it happens to be -- and I have to feel that I ca n't even ask a question , I 've got to tell you , I think that 's outrageous . . 
`` Before the sun sets on the '80s , it seems nothing will be left unhocked . '' 
She thinks the market could drop about 10 % in the next few months , then recover and go higher . 
Investors , he advises , `` should be cautious , '' holding fewer stocks than usual and also shunning bonds . 
Sluggish sales of the Beretta , and its four-door sister car , the Corsica , prompted GM to idle the two plants that build the automobiles for a total of three weeks this month . 
These beliefs so dominate our educational establishment , our media , our politicians , and even our parents that it seems almost blasphemous to challenge them . 
`` When the market is low , you are buying more shares , and when it 's high , you 're buying fewer shares , '' he says . 
Municipals 
Aside from computer-guided selling , airline stocks took a beating as well . 
Unocal fell 1 1\/2 to 52 1\/4 and Burlington Resources declined 7\/8 to 45 5\/8 . 
The House Appropriations Committee approved an estimated $ 2.85 billion in emergency funding to assist California 's recovery from last week 's earthquake and to extend further aid to East Coast victims of Hurricane Hugo . 
In the immediate postwar years , the Rothschilds concentrated on rebuilding their other European operations , delaying their return to Frankfurt . 
That 's how the stock-picking game is shaping up for the months ahead , according to money managers and a few brokers . 
-- Bern Sharfman . 
The purchase of the additional 48 % stake is expected to cost more than 11 billion francs ( $ 1.77 billion ) . 
Russell Borner of Park Ridge , N.J. , says he has been working for the past year at a huge chemical and manufacturing concern in New York -- unbeknownst to the company 's executives . 
`` Public TV is in fantasy land , '' he said . 
The bids remain subject to evaluation by the federal bankruptcy court supervising PS of New Hampshire 's reorganization . 
ORGANIZED CRIME Strike Forces likely to be abolished next month . 
He says 27 lawyers have left and 21 have been hired since Mr. Thornburgh announced his plan . 
Unfortunately , Mr. Bork failed to distinguish between such pressures and the emergence of great issues critical to a society that must be settled judicially if it is to cohere . 
Indeed , Mr. Corry , at an August press conference , talked about investing in steel as long as it provides a good return and `` not a day longer . '' 
The existence of the guidelines has become known since President Bush disclosed them privately to seven Republican senators at a White House meeting last Monday . 
This change in the British capital account required an offsetting change in the trade account , a change that could not be prevented by pegging the currency . 
The White House got the better of the exchange but took care not to press its advantage to the kind of constitutional confrontation sought by conservative Republicans who do n't want any congressional oversight of intelligence activities . 
By October , when the committee rejected a much more modest covert proposal , even the administration was agreeing little should be done . 
In all , the Los Angeles-based trust plans to sell its interests in 36 hotels , while the corporation will sell its management interests in 32 of those properties . 
Algeria plans to increase natural-gas sales to Europe and the U.S. . 
Howard Stein , chairman of Dreyfus Corp. , said the fund was about half invested in government bonds on Oct. 13 , and about 10 % in cash . 
That will bring the total for the year to 10 , from five during fiscal 1989 . 
The six-mile trip to my airport hotel that had taken 20 minutes earlier in the day took more than three hours . 
`` The industry is still pretty much in its Wild West days , '' says Scott Stapf , director of investor education for the North American Securities Administrators Association . 
Such concerns , however , have n't stopped asset-backed securities from becoming one of Wall Street 's hottest new products . 
They said they expect the bearish mood to persist a while longer , as trading volume is falling toward the end of the year and the market is becoming more volatile . 
Ms. Klass , editor and co-author of `` Afghanistan : The Great Game Revisited '' ( Freedom House ) , directs the Freedom House program on Afghanistan\/Southwest Asia . 
Dentsu has U.S. subsidiaries , but they keep low profiles . 
The bonds have received a rating of double-A-1 from Moody 's , and a double-A-plus rating is expected from S&P , the underwriter said . 
They note that the dollar remains extremely vulnerable to the slightest bad news from the stock exchange . 
The report , released yesterday , comes as Congress is considering a number of special tax breaks only three years after the sweeping tax-revision legislation abolished or curtailed many loopholes . 
So much , too , for the notion that we humans triumphed in the Darwinian struggle by evolving big brains . 
When the plant was destroyed , `` I think everyone got concerned that the same thing would happen at our plant , '' a KerrMcGee spokeswoman said . 
All this has led to prolonged selling in futures , mostly on the part of computer-guided funds . 
Mobil Corp. is preparing to slash the size of its work force in the U.S. , possibly as soon as next month , say individuals familiar with the company 's strategy . 
Mr. Noriega became an even greater threat in 1976 , when U.S. intelligence services discovered that he had been buying recordings of electronically monitored conversations from three sergeants working for the U.S. Army 's 470th Military Intelligence Group . 
And by substituting yet another landscape architect , Nicholas Quennell , he insists he can achieve that and other accommodations to gardening reality while still preserving the `` artistic vision '' of a `` truly great artist . '' 
Mr. Francois-Poncet responded that his group initially intended to take only a minority stake , striking an alliance with current management . 
During the past 10 years , Hong Kong 's economic growth has averaged 8.3 % annually . 
The plunge made Shearson 's market commentary instantly out of date . 
Microsoft , battered by profit taking in recent sessions , sank as much as 4 ; but it finished at 80 7\/8 , down 2 1\/4 on volume of one million shares . 
The machine employs reduced instruction-set computing , or RISC , technology . 
And the failures make it possible for Warner in its current lawsuit to paint the producers as ingrates . 
`` Companies move in and out , '' says Helga Kern of KK Swiss Investment . 
But a few days later the police accused him of stealing electricity , acquiring rubber without permission and buying stolen property . 
Among his favorites in his firm 's index are Legent , Silicon Graphics and Novell . 
That is a little disturbing , '' Ms. Kleinman said . 
For the portion of an investor 's portfolio that stays in stocks , professionals have a number of suggestions . 
Mr. Maynard is n't the first entrepreneur to bump up against entrenched interests . 
Ms. Vidunas has been seeing some 15 clients a visit since the program was started at Heinz last year . 
The garage owners say they would benefit because car owners would be less likely to go back to dealers for the simpler repairs after two years . 
Meanwhile , Bear Stearns 's 650 stock and bond salesmen saw thinner paychecks over the past year , which the company says reflected lower commission revenue caused by a decline in investor activity in the markets . 
The coupon will be reset in one year at a rate that will give the issue a market value of 101 . 
The two-stroke engine displays by Toyota and Fuji Heavy Industries , the maker of Subaru cars , drew plenty of interest from U.S. auto executives , who are rushing to develop two-stroke engines . 
The Amex Market Value Index recorded its sharpest gain of the year by climbing 4.74 to 382.81 . 
Stewart 's honor was a nice note on a couple of grounds . 
Contact lenses , tank tops , prostitutes openly working the streets of Hollywood and the Tequila Sunrise cocktail all seem out of place in the 1950s . 
This leads to proposals for `` reform '' of the Fed , which have the common feature of making the Fed more responsive to the administration , to the Congress and to public opinion -- without , however , any assumption of additional responsibility by the politicians . 
A Beatrice spokesman did n't return calls seeking comment . 
Those credits result because of taxes that Farmers , as the management company , has paid , and have `` proved to be very important for the exchanges , '' a Farmers spokesman said . 
He became angry in return . 
The shock of seeing homes destroyed and city services disrupted may cause some to confuse priorities such as the true economic value of a freezer full of meat . 
Analysts say additional investors transferred their assets into money funds this month . 
Their cowardly acts of civil disobedience , which they tried to hide under the cloak of outrage at a war they characterized as `` immoral , '' weakened the national fabric and threw additional burdens on those who served honorably in that conflict . 
Just a short span across the bay to the west , the quake also showed its mettle : A four-square-block area of the Marina District lies smoldering under a steady stream of seawater being pumped onto rubble to prevent it from blazing anew . 
Upon returning to New York , `` Exhausted , I got into a taxicab , and the woman driver said : ` Americans make better fishermen , ' '' he recalled . 
Corroon said it will announce a successor to Mr. Crane at a later date . 
The European Community 's consumer price index rose a provisional 0.6 % in September from August and was up 5.3 % from September 1988 , according to Eurostat , the EC 's statistical agency . 
Last year , the total women 's fashion jewelry business topped $ 4.9 billion , says Karen Alberg , editor of Accessories magazine . 
In doing so , he neither rejected a socialist planned economy nor embraced the free market . 
One has to establish one 's own identity away from athletics and make athletics only a part , not a whole , of the student-athlete 's life '' . 
For the six months ended June 30 , it reported net income of $ 234.3 million , or $ 4.83 a share , including $ 46 million from tax credits and accounting changes . 
Inflation is at record levels . 
It 's also the prime showcase for a country whose world dominance in the industry is increasingly acknowledged , and therein lies the draw . 
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS . 
Howard Rubenstein , a New York publicist who represents Shea & Gould , said , `` Shea & Gould understands they 're leaving because they wanted a different environment -- a smaller firm they would be principals of . '' 
If there is n't , { the deal } wo n't be put forward '' to shareholders . 
They , in turn , lent money to their customers -- who were supposed to recognize the opportunity to make a profit in the turmoil and buy shares . 
At the very least , the odds are heavily weighted against the prospects of preventing the Khmer Rouge and Cambodia 's communists from ultimately moving against their opponents . 
Mr. Foley of Lloyds noted that Mr. Lawson 's replacement , John Major , the British foreign minister , will take time to establish his credibility and , in the meantime , sterling could trend downward in volatile trade . 
But if the A 's had n't won in four , they would have prevailed in five , or six , or seven . 
GSX is a unit of Laidlaw Transportation Ltd. of Burlington , Canada . 
And it just launched a promotional campaign to tell chief executives , marketing directors , and media executives just that . 
On the other hand , so long as Mr. Gorbachev is easing his grip on his empire , everyone we 've heard agrees that the U.S. can benefit by engaging him . 
A report last month by the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America found that pipelines ' settlement costs had jumped in the three months before the deadline to 39 cents on the dollar , from 22 cents on the dollar in 1988 . 
Each side has called a Harvard Business School professor to testify on that issue . 
Lakeland holders will have the option to request either stock or cash . 
But in an interview in which he called the stock market 's volatility a `` national problem , '' Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. said , `` We are going to try to do some things in the short intermediate term '' to help the situation . 
`` Then there was a big liquidation of stock '' across the board , he added . 
But investors do n't seem to think so . 
Ready to jump ? 
Mr. Byrum and Ms. Smith could n't be reached for comment . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.53 % one month ; 8.48 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
Carat 's Gross brothers invented the idea of large-scale buying of media space . 
Each time , the bank 's 90 % shareholder -- Petroliam Nasional Bhd. , or Petronas , the national oil company -- has been called upon to rescue the institution . 
Could the collapse of I-880 have been prevented ? 
Sales rose 9 % to $ 2.57 billion from $ 2.36 billion . 
Three companies , Esso Resources Canada Ltd. , Shell Canada Ltd. and Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. , applied to the Canadian National Energy Board to export 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta natural gas over 20 years starting in 1996 . 
Business : Railroad , natural resources and real estate 
`` This has been a 15-pound earthquake for me , '' said resident Joan O'Shea , who works in an acupuncturist 's office . 
Robert P. Bulseco , 44 years old , was named president and chief administrative officer of this regional commercial bank . 
Last year , the Irish airport authority , in a joint venture with Aeroflot , opened four hard-currency duty-free shops at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo Airport . 
Pearl Group rose 5 to 628 , and Sun Life finished unchanged at # 10.98 . 
Specific-Time Order : This type of order couples many of the orders described above with instructions that the order must be carried out at or by a certain time . 
He figures P&G will expand its personal-care product line in Japan to `` continue that momentum . '' 
Under the direction of its new chairman , Francisco Luzon , Spain 's seventh largest bank is undergoing a tough restructuring that analysts say may be the first step toward the bank 's privatization . 
Initial cost estimates for the plant , which was to have been built in phases , ranged from $ 1 billion to $ 1.2 billion . 
The rest are split roughly between optimists who expect Hong Kong to hum along as before and pessimists who foresee irreparable chaos . 
A daily news briefing from the company librarian , for example , would have a distinctive format on the screen , just as a paper version would have . 
The restaurant operator cited transaction costs from its 1988 recapitalization as a result of a $ 160 million restructuring of its bank debt . 
Colorado National is a unit of Colorado National Bankshares Inc. and Central is a unit of First Bank System of Minneapolis . 
In 1987 , the West had the slowest sales growth , and the South and the Midwest were first and second respectively , according to the council . 
Many adjusters are authorized to write checks for amounts up to $ 100,000 on the spot . 
Selling the FHA 's loan portfolio to the highest bidder would save the taxpayers untold billions in future losses . 
Repeal is considered likely now , but the Treasury Department bill has been used as a vehicle to raise the profile of the issue and block any action in the interim . 
Photographic developers , for example , bought equipment to recover silver from spent photographs , negatives and processing solutions . 
It was the kind of snubbing rarely seen within the Congress , let alone within the same party . 
That 's another reason { for the Backer Spielvogel job } . 
The company said results were bolstered by upgrades to Release 3 by previous customers and improved profit margins , the result of manufacturing-cost controls . 
The document proposes breaking up the monolithic system of state-owned enterprises and farms and allowing a big private sector to flourish , helped by tough anti-monopoly legislation . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Special Judge Galloway noted that Givens managed horse-breeding in a businesslike way : He kept detailed accounts , practiced soil conservation , enhanced his experience by consulting experts , spent several hours a day doing chores , and dropped the sideline when his best brood mare died . 
However , he recently told the Senate Banking Committee that he believes the agency should have explicit authority to monitor debt levels at holding companies and affiliates of broker-dealers , which are frequently used to issue bridge loans . 
Auto makers reported that mid-October sales were running at an annual rate of about 5.8 million units , far less than the 6.6 million units analysts had expected . 
Though Democrats can gloat at all this for now , they may want to contain their glee . 
We read with interest Robert Tomsho 's Sept. 28 page-one article on Robert Redford ( `` The Sundance Kid Gets Little Respect Around Sundance '' ) . 
But while pumping more money into the economy would bring relief to many industries , it also runs the risk of triggering another period of runaway growth and steep inflation . 
Ciba Corning makes clinical diagnostics systems and related products for the medical-care industry . 
As of Sept. 30 , Halsey had 5.3 million common shares outstanding . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
It also enables minimills finally to get a toehold in the flat-rolled steel market -- the major steelmakers ' largest , most prized , and until now , untouchable , market . 
We 've taken it on the chin . 
The price of Columbia shares has been cut nearly in half since August , when they traded at about $ 10 , as investors apparently realized that the thrift would be forced to take a big write-down . 
The company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market . 
Officials at the four exchanges said well over 50 traders from the Pacific exchange were taking flights from San Francisco late yesterday to the American , New York and Philadelphia exchanges and to the CBOE , where they would continue making markets in the Pacific-listed options . 
It is n't just exercise gear that is n't getting a good workout . 
Several executives said another potential contender is WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather agency , which works on some other Philip Morris products . 
To date , we see no clear indication that the government is serious about negotiations . 
Kidder Peabody does program trading for its own as well as clients ' accounts . 
Mr. Giuliani is finding that Mr. Dinkins , in his many years in public life , has built up considerable good will that so far has led many voters to overlook certain failings . 
`` If you 're looking for a significantly higher yield with the same level of risk as a CD , you 're not going to find it , '' says Washington financial planner Dennis M. Gurtz . 
BRIEFS : 
Connecticut Housing Finance Authority -- $ 132,620,000 of housing mortgage revenue ( AMT and non-AMT ) bonds , via a PaineWebber group . 
Institutional investors have poured $ 210 billion into stock and bond indexing as a cheap and easy form of investment management that promises to post average market returns . 
The report by the Defense Ministry also rejected allegations that Britain covered up evidence of Waldheim 's activities as a German army officer . 
The nation 's No. 2 aluminum company said earnings were hurt by lower prices for certain fabricated aluminum products , which typically follow price fluctuations of primary ingots . 
Reds and yellows went about their business with a kind of measured grimness . 
It also reflects the broader pressure on companies in Europe to keep up as the European Community prepares to reduce internal trade barriers by 1992 . 
These `` active suspension systems '' electronically sense road conditions and adjust a car 's ride . 
Jamie Kellner , president of Fox Broadcasting , said , `` We believe the partnership of Fox , its affiliates and advertisers is succeeding and will continue to grow . '' 
But that wo n't stop plaintiffs ' lawyers from seeking a little room for maneuvering . 
The end of the first half , however , brought what the standing-room-only crowd seemed to be waiting for : the pop singer Judy Collins , who appears on `` Inner Voices . '' 
`` What kind of right to exist , '' he asked , `` would a capitalist German Democratic Republic have alongside a capitalist Federal Republic ? '' 
That could widen the yield spread between Treasurys and asset-backed securities , as well as make it tougher to unload the latter . 
Another reason : strikes , both at Georgia-Pacific and other lumber companies also cut supplies and raised prices , analysts said . 
Certainly conservative environmentalists can defend their limited government position by differentiating between Old Environmentalism and New Environmentalism ( `` Journalists and Others for Saving the Planet , '' by David Brooks , editorial page , Oct. 5 ) . 
He said the loss was n't `` that much different '' from Ford 's $ 37 million loss on U.S. automotive operations , but he declined to be specific . 
The proposal now enters a 60-day comment period , after which the Treasury will propose final regulations , followed by another comment period . 
Although , like all scientific theories , it had its initial opponents , few experts question the connection now . 
`` This is a total bloodbath '' for takeover-stock traders , one investment banker said . 
There are , unfortunately , plenty of answers to that question -- and scam artists know all of them . 
AMR was trading at around $ 84 yesterday before his withdrawal announcement , then immediately fell to about $ 76 . 
In the end his move was sparked by remarks in excerpts from Sir Alan 's autobiography in The American Economist , a 10,000-circulation academic journal . 
Breweries attracted investors because of their land property holdings that could figure in development or other plans , traders said . 
Coca-Cola climbed 1 3\/8 to 72 1\/8 ; McDonald 's added 1 to 31 3\/8 , and Procter & Gamble gained 3\/4 to 130 5\/8 . 
Qintex said Mr. Evans , the former president , resigned for `` personal reasons '' and that Mr. Kimmel , an attorney , resigned because his participation in evaluating the company 's role in buying MGM\/UA was no longer necessary . 
( In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks against offsetting positions in futures . ) 
Scott Miller , an FASB project manager , said that a final rule will be issued before year end . 
Transport rates wo n't be an opportunity for offsetting cost increases in other segments of the economy . '' 
GM trimmed about 40 firms from its approved local counsel list , Mr. Pearce says . 
`` It does establish a very clear precedent for suing the FHLBB where there was none before . '' 
Comprehensive Care Corp. , which has agreed to be acquired by closely held First Hospital Corp. , reported a $ 4.7 million loss for its Aug. 31 first quarter and said it is negotiating an extension of senior bank debt past its Oct. 18 due date . 
The second ship is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 and the third in fall 1991 . 
Yesterday 's floor action came as a House-Senate conference approved a nearly $ 8.5 billion fiscal 1990 military construction bill , representing a 5 % reduction from last year and making severe cuts from Pentagon requests for installations abroad . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Tandy 's decision is a second setback for U.S. Memories . 
But low-priced and middle-priced furriers like Mr. Purnick , who once saturated the five-block Seventh Avenue fur district , say imports have cut their sales . 
Though it 's clear that Mr. Gelbart 's sympathies do not lie with the far right , it 's also true that he is evenhanded in dispensing his satirical jabs , taking sharp aim at senators and congressmen of all stripes and particularly at the media . 
Three years later , machinery producer Ateliers de Constructions Mecaniques de Vevey S.A. was to become part of the Rey empire . 
The West German retailing group also said that the results of the first three quarters suggest it will meet its profit goal for the year . 
The company said third-quarter sales are expected to increase 25 % from $ 3.12 billion of last year 's third quarter . 
In Tokyo , stocks closed lower but above intraday lows in active trading . 
But its success has been largely in the sale of small , nonperforming companies , which are valued for their assets . 
Under the committee bill , the Transportation secretary would have 30 days , and an additional 20 days if needed , to review any proposed purchase of 15 % or more of a major U.S. airline 's voting stock . 
`` We 're confident that it protects our route structure , '' he says , `` and our ability to grow and prosper . 
They wonder whether he has the economic know-how to steer the city through a possible fiscal crisis , and they wonder who will be advising him . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
Further expansion into southern Europe is also possible , says Mr. Bell , the spokesman . 
The board increased to 11 seats . 
In the junk bond market , Imo Industries ' issue of 12-year debentures , considered to be one of the market 's high-quality credits , was priced at par to yield 12 % . 
The issue came to a head last year , officials recalled , partly because the Reagan administration had sought unsuccessfully to win committee approval of funding for new Panama coup efforts . 
Neither testified at the previous trials . 
It 's estimated that one in six couples experiences infertility , and in 1987 , Americans spent about $ 1 billion to fight the problem . 
He established his reputation as a freespender in January last year at Sotheby 's auction of the Linda and Gerald Guterman collection in New York . 
MLX , which also makes aircraft and heavy-duty truck parts , said the debt was accumulated during its acquisition of nine businesses that make up the group , the biggest portion of which was related to the 1986 purchase of a Hillman Co. unit . 
Mr. Maxwell said he would n't be surprised if , over the next two years or so , General Mills ' share increased to 30 % or more . 
The troubles continued in this year 's first half , when profit plunged 81 % to $ 302,000 . 
`` It was quite a shock , '' says a 43-year-old East German shopkeeper . 
Company expects to be fully operational by next week . 
`` My impression is that there is n't anything which arouses our interest at first glance , '' says an official from Japan 's Ministry of International Trade and Industry . 
The company said it expects to release third-quarter results in mid-November . 
`` The power of price as an appeal , which was very considerable in driving traffic in March and April , has diminished , '' says George Rosenbaum , president of Shapiro & Associates . 
It also means use of quantity-based pollution limits such as transferable permits , rather than price-based limits such as effluent fees . 
In August , the index was up 0.2 % from the previous month , and was up 4.5 % on a year-to-year basis . 
The Nasdaq Bank Index rose 0.17 to 432.78 . 
Lloyd 's overblown bureaucracy also hampers efforts to update marketing strategies . 
Mr. Ewing is a consultant based in Winchester , Mass. , and author of `` Justice on the Job : Resolving Grievances in the Nonunion Workplace '' ( Harvard Business School Press , 1989 ) . 
In his area , Mr. Lackey continues , the miscreant employers most commonly are in construction -- doing framing , drywall , masonry and similar work . 
Consequently , Mr. Lawson saddled Mrs. Thatcher with a record trade deficit , renewed inflation and high interest rates -- three political failures in a row . 
Meanwhile , the nine major U.S. auto makers plan to build 143,178 cars this week , down 11.7 % from 162,190 a year ago and flat with last week 's 142,117 car output . 
Information from an arrested drug trafficker led to the two men and the recovery of almost all the stolen art . 
Determining when handicapped access is required can be a nightmare for architects , says Mark Dooling , president of Dooling & Co. , a Newton , Mass. , architectural firm . 
SsangYong began making variations of the Jeep-like `` Korando '' vehicle . 
By contrast , an investor in stocks must put up 50 % in cash . 
In fact , six of those companies received refunds , which totaled $ 120 million . 
He also noted that stocks on Aug. 1 , 1990 , are currently projected at 3.3 million bales , the smallest end-of-season supply since 1985 . 
The Little Rock , Ark. , department-store retailer said proceeds will be used to reduce short-term debt . 
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual-fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading . 
Says Mr. Bauman : `` If things get really tough , I can always auction it off at Sotheby 's . 
But the two groups represent a further step in defensiveness . 
Ogilvy under the fastidious Mr. Roman gained a reputation as occasionally being high-handed in its treatment of clients , of preaching what strategy a client should -- indeed , must -- follow . 
Study halls , complete with reference materials , will be available . 
France 's industrial production index for July and August rose 1 % from June and was up 4.6 % from a year ago , according to seasonally adjusted data from the National Statistics Institute . 
This is not only because it kills the unborn , a job at which it actually is not outstandingly efficient , zapping only 50 % to 85 % of them depending on which study you read ( prostaglandin , taken in conjunction with the pill , boosts the rate to 95 % ) . 
He said the decision was the first in which a federal appeals court has ruled whether administrative government proceedings qualify as litigation . 
Businesses `` want to verify information and ensure accuracy , '' says John Hiltunen , Dictaphone 's manager of media relations . 
The book also recounts the not dissimilar maneuvers surrounding the changing of the guard at Lehman Bros. and other grand old firms . 
Profits of Shell , a subsidiary of the Royal Dutch\/Shell Group , tumbled $ 24 million , or 6.6 % , to $ 340 million , despite a gain of $ 30 million from an insurance settlement . 
Shareholders of Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano S.p.A. voted to accept a bid of 5,500 lire ( $ 4.03 ) a share by France 's Credit Agricole for 13.32 % of the bank , rejecting an earlier , equal offer by Italy 's Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A . 
They worry that Mr. Breeden also will roll over when told to do so by the White House . 
-- `` Arms Control Reality , '' Nov. 20 , 1984 , the first of some 20 Journal editorials saying that Krasnoyarsk violated the ABM treaty . 
Union Chairman F.C . ( Rick ) Dubinsky faces the tough task of explaining why banks refused to finance a buy-out the members approved overwhelmingly last week . 
Stone Container Chairman Roger Stone said that , unlike for some other paper products , demand for Stone 's principal commodity , unbleached containerboard , remains strong . 
Debenture holders also will receive the equivalent of 10 % of the common stock in Chicago & North Western 's parent company . 
Your Oct. 2 editorial `` Reding , Wrighting & Erithmatic '' on the recent `` education summit '' was like most pieces on the subject of education : It had little to say . 
Over the weekend , the National Abortion Rights Action League singled out eight politicians , including Pennsylvania 's Mr. Freind , as 1990 targets and held a Washington seminar designed to train its leaders in political techniques , including how to put the anti-abortionists on the defensive in state legislatures . 
The yield on the issue slipped to 7.92 % . 
But that means paying the horse 's maintenance ; on average , it costs $ 25,000 a year to raise a horse . 
`` If you want more opinions ask my wife . 
McCaw Cellular Communications and its target , LIN Broadcasting , were active . 
Mr. Maxwell said unless the company can start shipments of the new product sometime this quarter , the fourth-quarter loss is likely to be `` comparable to the third quarter 's . '' 
The Cypress structure opened in June 1957 , and as such , like many buildings in the San Francisco Bay area , does not meet current building codes requiring considerably more steel support . 
In January 1988 , the utility filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , allowing it to continue to operate while protected from creditors ' lawsuits . 
Mr. Evans resigned . 
Still , Steve Cohen , an analyst at SoundView Financial Group Inc. , said , `` I do n't see that this will be sufficient to give IBM a significant kick in the fourth quarter . '' 
Separately , a $ 400 million issue of Fannie Mae Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 15 classes by Bear , Stearns & Co . 
In the 1988 third quarter , profit from continuing operations totaled $ 140.1 million . 
`` I think he is trying to improperly influence a witness , and by God I 'm not going to tolerate it , '' he says . 
Two private groups are seeking Securities and Exchange Commission approval for plans that could be more broadly transferable . 
Brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises now make up just 40 % of the French tobacco market , half the level of about two decades ago . 
The agency expects the bids to be equivalent of more than $ 80 million . 
Mr. Salinas 's unpopular Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , faces congressional elections in 1991 . 
Messrs. Baker and Bennett have been elected directors of Wachovia and Wachovia Bank & Trust filling vacant seats on both boards . 
Chevrolet already is offering an $ 800 rebate on the 1990-model Corsica . 
Last year , Cray earned $ 156.6 million , or $ 4.99 a share , on revenue of $ 756.3 million . 
The cost of executing stock orders varies from brokerage to brokerage and with the size of the order , but 2 % of the order 's value is an average , says Stephen Boesel , manager of T. Rowe Price 's Growth and Income mutual fund . 
`` I do n't think I have a life style that is , frankly , so flamboyant , '' he says . 
Mr. Carmichael said investors also demanded stricter convenants . 
Rainbow 's stock dropped 2 to 14 1\/4 . 
Mr. Daremblum is a lawyer and a columnist for La Nacion newspaper . 
But the net interest bill jumped 85 % to A$ 686.7 million from A$ 371.1 million . 
Analysts continued to speculate late last week that Ford may try to force the issue by calling for a special shareholder 's meeting and urging that the government and Jaguar holders remove the barriers to a full bidding contest before December 1990 . 
Third , the theory suggests why legislators who pay too much attention to national policy making relative to local benefit-seeking have lower security in office . 
I approached `` Mastergate , '' Larry Gelbart 's new comedy at the Criterion Center , with considerable trepidation . 
Wedtech , which became embroiled in political-corruption cases that eventually led to its demise , formerly was a minority-owned South Bronx , N.Y. , defense contractor . 
Dana Corp. said its third-quarter net income fell 27 % to $ 29.6 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 40.7 million , or $ 1 a share , a year earlier . 
It is a bureaucratic country . 
Merrill Lynch says it 's impossible to estimate how many investors are in Dr. Blumenfeld 's situation , although it says the firm has received only one other complaint about premiums on the secondary market in three years . 
The group is offering the notes priced as 6 3\/4 % securities to yield 6.25 % . 
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 369.10 an ounce , down $ 1.10 . 
The most controversial of these is stock-index arbitrage , in which traders buy or sell baskets of stocks and offset the position with an opposite trade in stock-index futures to lock in profits . 
Payout of preferred dividends resulted in a net loss of five cents a share in the most recent quarter . 
Time is expected to mount a legal challenge in U.S. District Court in New York , where Viacom in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit charging Time and HBO with monopolizing the pay-TV business and trying to crush competition from Showtime . 
Less noticed is a bit of legislative legerdemain by Houston Republicans on behalf of HEI Corp. of Texas to retroactively `` move '' a Missouri hospital from one county to the next to justify higher Medicare reimbursements . 
Currently , most traders on commodity exchanges specialize in trading either for customer accounts , which makes them brokers , or for their own accounts as socalled locals . 
No individual illustrated this mix of power more yesterday than Sen. Daniel Inouye ( D. , Hawaii ) , who chairs the Senate defense subcommittee . 
Jack Byrne , chairman of Fireman 's Fund , said this disaster will test the catastrophe reinsurance market , causing these rates to soar . 
St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co. unit halted all service Tuesday night but has since restored some freight lines and limited commuter service between San Francisco and San Jose . 
Money-fund assets have been rising at an average rate of $ 1.6 billion a week in recent months , Ms. Negus said , reflecting the relatively high yields . 
The show 's symbol is a woman riding on a snail , not your usual metaphor for speed and agility . 
Jute , rather than a synthetic material , lies under the tacked-down carpets , and the desks are of wood and granite instead of plastic . 
Such companies `` are increasingly being left behind '' in the global liquor business , says Nomura 's Mr. Littleboy . 
Sony is paying a hefty price for a company that had revenue of only $ 42 million last year . 
The zero-coupon bonds were priced to yield to maturity from 6.25 % in 1994 to 6.90 % in 2006 , 2007 and 2009 . 
Quake Not Likely to Jolt The Commercial Market 
Jack Byrne , the chairman of Fireman 's Fund Corp. , which is based in Novato , Calif. , estimates insured losses resulting the earthquake could total $ 2 billion . 
Motorola either denied or would n't comment on the various charges . 
Rep. Chalmers Wylie , an Ohio Republican , rallied to the cause : `` I think the gentlelady is making an important statement . 
They can cut this to $ 691.09 a month if the investing keeps up through college . 
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs . 
Both moves are effective today . 
In states that raised the speed limit on rural interstates , the fatality rate rose about 18 % to 1.7 deaths per 100 million miles traveled between 1986 and 1988 . 
But some are skeptical of the code 's effectiveness . 
`` Two or three years ago , the problem was that people did n't understand the prepayment risk , '' says Nomura 's Mr. Kato . 
Time magazine , for example , has more than 100 separate editions going to different regions , top management , and other groups . 
Also , Armco and National Intergroup had lower operating profit in steel , marking what may be the end of a two-year industry boom . 
The Dow Jones industrials , down over 80 points in the morning , closed off 3.69 , at 2659.22 . 
One San Francisco neighborhood likely to test Mr. Rosen 's theory soon is the city 's fashionable Marina district , which boasts some of the highest home prices in the state . 
`` They were on the road to recovery in terms of customer attitudes until this bad quarter happened . '' 
Tokyo stocks closed firmer Monday , with the Nikkei index making its fifth consecutive daily gain . 
Vegetables are abundant and full of flavor in Poland , the pickles and sauerkraut sublime , the state monopolies long broken . 
Saturday , Oct. 28 , 8-10 p.m. EDT , on HBO ( repeated Oct. 31 , Nov. 5 , 8 , 14 , 16 and 20 ) : `` Perfect Witness . '' 
Mission Resource Partners advanced 8 % , or 1 3\/8 , to 18 7\/8 . 
PUTS AND CALLS , STOCK MARKET PATOIS for options to sell or buy a company 's shares , were long an arcane Wall Street art best left to the experts , who used them either as a hedge or for pure speculation . 
Mr. Batchelder says that in the past , banks would normally have loaned 65 % of a total buy-out price , with the loans secured by the target company 's assets . 
The company expects all branches to reopen today . 
This is adapted from a speech to the Commonwealth Club in San Francisco . 
American Home Products Corp. proposes to acquire the company . 
In any matters between us and the Cubans there can be no simplicity , consequently I 've become familiar not only with Cuban art and artists , but also with Cuban bureaucrats and their counterparts in our own government . 
In a recent investment letter entitled `` Winners of the ` Leverage Wars , ' '' Edward Kerschner , chairman of PaineWebber 's investment policy committee , suggested that investors buy stocks of companies that have avoided loading up on debt . 
Next to them was the red flag of the outlawed South African Communist Party , which has long been an ANC ally . 
TransCanada is 49.1 % owned by Montreal-based holding company BCE Inc . 
If `` Mancuso FBI '' has an intriguing central character , it also has a major flaw : 
N W Ayer 's president and chief executive officer , Jerry J. Siano , said the agency is holding `` conversations '' about acquiring Zwiren Collins Karo & Trusk , a midsized Chicago agency , but a deal is n't yet close to being completed . 
Debenture holders are expected to convert most of the debentures into common because the value of the stock received in a conversion would exceed the $ 1,103.11 redemption price . 
The offering is being made through BCI Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates , Series 1989-1 . 
All 20-stocks in the MMI except Exxon , General Motors and Sears were down $ 1 to $ 2 . 
Esselte AB sold the minority stake five years ago in a $ 40 million international share offering . 
Alltel Corp. said it will acquire the 55 % of Pond Branch Telephone Company Inc. 's cellular franchise that it does n't own already . 
The amount of blood surgical patients can donate and store before surgery can be increased by the new genetically engineered drug , EPO . 
`` We 're taking on more debt than we would have liked to , '' acknowledged Michael Plouf , LIN 's vice president and treasurer . 
A recent example is the 3 % consumption tax on all commercial activities . 
Mr. Putka covers education from The Wall Street Journal 's Boston bureau . 
Separately , Esselte Business Systems reported third-quarter net income fell 5.9 % to $ 9.5 million , or 46 cents a share , from $ 10.1 million , or 49 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
Both can be expected to go after the market aggressively : Gartner Group Inc. , a research firm , estimated the Digital gets 30 % of its revenue from the manufacturing market , and Hewlett-Packard gets 50 % . 
They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 24 , 25 , 29 , 30 and 31 , and Jan. 4 , 5 and 6 . 
Vision Banc was placed in government conservatorship in March , and it operates under the control of the Resolution Trust Corp. , the agency created to sell or liquidate insolvent thrifts . 
`` It 's bad soil , '' he says . 
That 's where the two scripts would diverge . 
A year earlier , Flowers had fiscal first-quarter net income of $ 8 million , or 23 cents a share , on revenue of $ 170.4 million . 
In a hearing before the House Ways and Means Committee , the General Accounting Office and the Congressional Budget Office , which both are arms of Congress , advised the new S&L bailout agency to abandon plans to raise temporary working capital through debt issued from an agency that would n't be counted on the federal budget . 
The ad is part of Classic Coke 's 1990 ad campaign , with the tag line , `` Ca n't beat the Real Thing . '' 
Helmut Kohl 's governing conservative coalition is proving admirably true to the West German constitution by making more than 500,000 people of German descent automatic citizens this year alone . 
If the matter requires further legal work or litigation , Mr. Cane says , his lawyers may refer the client to a law firm . 
William C. Ballard Jr. , 48 years old , was elected a director of this distilled beverages concern , expanding the board to 11 members . 
TeleVideo Systems Inc. , proposed offering of 1,853,735 common shares , to be sold by holders . 
`` Now , we 're going to sell to men . '' 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.52 % . 
`` We are dealing with real entrepreneurs , '' says Antoni Leopold , an economist who advises Rural Solidarity , the union 's countryside offshoot . 
West Texas Intermediate , the U.S. benchmark crude , seemed tethered again yesterday in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange . 
His pledge , in a letter to Democratic Sen. Byrd , came ahead of an expected Senate vote on spending legislation containing the provision . 
`` I am only afraid that with Vietnam 's poor-quality products we ca n't compete with neighboring countries . 
She said they have `` oversimplified and made some erroneous assumptions that make their analysis completely off-base . '' 
British Airways PLC said it is seeking improved terms and a sharply lower price in any revised bid for United Airlines parent UAL Corp. following the collapse of a $ 6.79 billion , $ 300-a-share buy-out bid . 
It adds something to the market . 
Mr. Webster cites a four-page mailing from the United Cancer Council that offers a chance to win $ 5,000 in gold bullion to those giving as little as $ 5 to cancer education . 
Does n't anybody here want to win this mayor 's race ? 
Mr. Brady also said he expects the leveraged buy-out phenomenon to `` end under ( its ) own weight . '' 
Because UPS drivers are n't permitted to load their own vehicles at the depot , say these couriers , packages often get buried in the load and are delivered late . 
The measure provides $ 321 million to maintain services but would sharply curb the power of the current board until successors are agreed to by the Bush administration . 
U.K. money supply figures for September , released yesterday , showed continued growth in corporate and personal lending , which will keep pressure on the government to maintain tight credit . 
Metropolitan Life ad executives could n't be reached about the use of the Peanuts characters by others . 
It 's a good strategy in a rising market , where a 25 % leveraged portfolio in effect allows investors to have 125 % of their money working for them . 
Perhaps primed by the daily diet of radio and TV reporters thrusting microphones into people 's faces and asking how they `` feel '' about one calamity or another , fellow reporters and civilians who spied my press credential were eager to chat . 
What loyalty there is to gas brands , he believes , is a matter of stopping at the most conveniently located service stations . 
The latest quarter included an after-tax gain of $ 71 million from non-recurring items . 
`` You bet attention , '' I yelled back , leaping atop the propane tanks , `` I 'm wearing alligator loafers ! '' 
The West Germans then took over and finally found Markus Hess . 
Assuming full operation of the Seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed but is n't yet operating , equity holders would receive up to $ 500 million in cash , preferred stock and new 10-year Seabrook bonds . 
The eerie complacency of the Reagan-Bush era has produced Panglossian paeans about the present perfection of U.S. economic and social arrangements . 
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes . 
The stock fell 7\/8 Thursday amid concerns over problems discovered with the chip . 
Soon the studio is producing a $ 40 million picture called `` Tet , the Motion Picture , '' to distinguish it from `` Tet , the Offensive , '' as well as `` Tet , the Book '' and `` Tet , the Album . '' 
But the savings will be minuscule . 
Lloyd 's claims for the 1988 Piper Alpha oil-rig disaster in the North Sea , for instance , may reach $ 1 billion . 
`` The stock was going no place and the earnings were so-so , '' said one . 
Spencer J. Volk , president and chief operating officer of this consumer and industrial products company , was elected a director . 
Indeed , during Mr. Breeden 's confirmation hearing last month , senators asked him to introduce his children three separate times -- more often than they asked about his qualifications for the job . 
Metromedia said its unit is the fifth-largest provider of long-distance communications service in the U.S. , with projected 1989 revenue of more than $ 550 million . 
Howard Mosher , president and chief executive officer , said he anticipates growth for the luxury auto maker in Britain and Europe , and in Far Eastern markets . 
For many companies , the instinctive first response is to cut costs . 
Over time , through benchmark surveys , the corrected data on service exports and imports have been gathered . 
But the implications could be great . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days . 
Paribas still needs the go-ahead from the Commission des Operations de Bourse , a government regulatory agency , but analysts said that is considered likely . 
The company said it amended its shareholder rights plan by reducing to 10 % from 20 % the level of ownership by an outsider that would trigger the issuance to other holders of rights to buy additional shares of Nashua common at half price . 
But it also offers opportunities ; Americans are well poised to supply the weapons . 
But U.S. officials said representatives at the meeting decided that this was `` a matter for further discussion at future meetings . '' 
AGIP refused to reconsider and says drilling is due to start early next year . 
In 1987 , Hong Kong 's most prosperous year for a decade , 30,000 left , up 58 % from the previous year . 
Another analyst said he expected LME inventories to be down by about 15,000 tons when the weekly report is issued . 
Although government-controlled , Dassault still is run by the founder 's son , Chairman Serge Dassault , who has fiercely protected his company 's independence . 
In a last-ditch effort to keep its sales force and customer base , Integrated Resources Inc. said it agreed in principle to transfer ownership of its broker-dealer subsidiary to two of its top executives . 
They argue that as the Kremlin follows through on announced plans to cut land forces -- the Soviets ' area of greatest strength -- the U.S. should show more willingness to cut sea forces -- Washington 's area of greatest superiority . 
The petrochemical maker said the biggest reason earnings declined was a loss of production time and the increased costs associated with a temporary maintenance closing and expansion of an olefins plant . 
What defeated General Aoun was not only the weight of the Syrian army . 
There are also $ 29 million of 6 3\/4 % certificates due 2019 , priced to yield 7.10 % . 
Kidder made an abrupt about-face on program trading yesterday , after a special meeting between the firm 's president and chief executive officer , Michael Carpenter , and its senior managers . 
Lotus Development Corp. reported a surprisingly strong 51 % increase in third-quarter net income on a 32 % sales gain , buoyed by strong demand for a new version of its 1-2-3 computer spreadsheet . 
And by adding equity , DLJ would seem to be acknowledging that credit risk was a concern . 
They are approaching everyone on the street and asking if they want to be in a docudrama . '' 
Currency concerns also weigh heavily on interest rate-sensitive stocks such as banking and other financial issues because of fears that Japanese interest rates might have to rise to keep the dollar in check . 
E.W. Scripps Co. said it has acquired a Georgia cable television company and a Massachusetts publishing firm . 
Mr. Dell , meanwhile , concedes the company was `` definitely too optimistic '' in its expectations . 
Denied a vote on substance , the GOP leadership in the Senate on Friday morning was confronted with a hard choice . 
A couple in Rockford , Ill. , raised $ 12,591 earlier this year using the name and logo of Mothers Against Drunk Driving , without permission from the group . 
Scientists need to understand that while they tend to believe their work is primarly about establishing new knowledge or doing good , today it is also about power . 
They thus have won the French space-buying business of such advertising giants as Coca-Cola Co. , Fiat S.p . A. , Gillette and Kodak . 
From there , he set up his finance company and rapidly expanded from lending to investment in real estate to building golf courses . 
But two weeks ago , Sotheby 's said that it has the painting under lock and key because the loan had not been fully repaid . 
He has two more years at Texas A&M . 
In her first televised interview following Mr. Lawson 's resignation , Mrs. Thatcher reiterated her desire to keep sterling strong and warned again that full entry into the European Monetary System 's exchange rate mechanism would provide no easy solution to Britain 's economic troubles . 
The few big state farms take first crack at what does get made . 
And unlike Europe and the U.S. , where populations are aging , the Pacific Basin countries have growing proportions of youths -- the heaviest consumers of Coca-Cola and other sodas . 
Another approach : An investor with $ 100 million might use $ 75 million to buy the S&P 500 index and spend the other $ 25 million on a favorite group of stocks . 
But opponents , led by the CWA , say new laws are needed because monitoring is heavily concentrated in service industries and 81 % of monitored workers are n't represented by unions . 
It is one of a series of studies on health commissioned by the New York Business Group , a non-profit organization with about 300 members . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
The states have their own ideas about regulation and certification . 
GENENTECH INC. , South San Francisco , biotechnology company , annual sales of $ 334.8 million , NYSE , sustained no major damage and expects to be fully operational today . 
As competition heats up in Spain 's crowded bank market , Banco Exterior de Espana is seeking to shed its image of a state-owned bank and move into new activities . 
In addition , Michael W. O'Donnell , executive vice president of a Columbia unit , was named assistant chief financial officer and a senior vice president of the parent company . 
`` So what if you miss 50 tanks somewhere ? '' asks Rep. Norman Dicks ( D. , Wash. ) , a member of the House group that visited the talks in Vienna . 
The fund now holds a cash position of about 15 % . 
But advancing issues topped decliners by 784 to 700 on the Big Board despite the late sell programs , resulting from stock-index arbitrage . 
An administration official confirmed last week that Mr. Simmons , the chairman of Valley National Bank in Phoenix , is the Republican appointee , and that a security clearance was under way . 
Even then , opponents managed to get a congressional hearing to examine what one congressman called an `` unscrupulous '' method for breaking eggs . 
Most of the those who left stock funds simply switched into money market funds . 
A lot of car alarms went off . 
Fees 1 3\/8 . 
Consistently , D.T. was over-optimistic about its chances , which it continually sized up , in numerical form . 
In a letter to the BPCA , kelly\/varnell called this `` arbitrary and amateurish . '' 
Revenue increased 11 % , to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.46 billion . 
More than twice as many Red Delicious apples are grown as the Golden variety , America 's No. 2 apple . 
There 's a certain irony in the fact that Federal Express faces its first union problems as a result of its Tiger purchase . 
Names are resigning at an even faster pace this year . 
Caisse de Depot et Placement , the Quebec government pension-fund agency , will pay $ 112.5 million for the remaining 22.5 % stake in the printing operation . 
Advocates hope that such standards will improve treatment while limiting unnecessary tests and medical procedures . 
Why would I consider giving up Fox , a proven commodity , '' for an unknown venture ? 
They sow a row of male-fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male-sterile plants . 
TV GUIDE : 
But Richard Ketchum , the SEC 's market regulation chief , said he did n't believe `` this will spawn dramatic new program-trading strategies that will be destabilizing . '' 
Nissan helped develop a Tokyo restaurant with both vehicles as its design theme . 
Psyllium is an annual herb , Plantago ovata , that has been used for centuries by folk doctors here , mainly as a laxative and anti-diarrheal . 
Secretary of State Baker , in his first major arms-control speech , called for a new military relationship with Moscow to reduce `` first strike '' nuclear arms . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
UAL 's management agreed to reduce the seniority of those pilots in exchange for the support of the United pilot union for the buy-out proposal . 
Partners lecture on how to form corporations , draft agreements and defend clients against unwanted tender offers . 
Such sales are watched closely by platinum and palladium traders because both metals are used in automobile catalytic converters . 
Half of those polled see the currency trending lower over the next three months , while the others forecast a modest rebound after the New Year . 
The investor , Donald A. Wright , plans to run the company , said a spokesman for Kyle . 
Operating profit from electrical and electronics controls , Eaton 's other major business group , fell 11 % to $ 32 million , despite a 7.7 % increase in sales to $ 376 million . 
The practice is , however , legal in most cases . 
`` This is a time of self-criticism to discover what is wrong with us , '' he said . 
Mr. Lortie 's departure , while sudden , was seen as inevitable in light of the shift in strategy . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
`` I do n't want to be like { financier Alan } Bond and the other Australians . 
There were rumors of $ 148-a-share trades . 
Gen. Paul X. Kelley , retired commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps , was elected a director of this plastics , specialty materials and aerospace concern , succeeding Jewel Lafontant , who resigned to accept a government position . 
Your editorial mockingly entitles this legislation the `` Lawyers ' Employment Act . '' 
Japan 's bellwether 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.75 to yield 5.315 % . 
Lynden B. Miller , the noted public garden designer who restored Central Park 's Conservatory Garden , recalls her reaction to the South Gardens model in light of the public garden she was designing for 42nd Street 's Bryant Park : `` Bryant Park , as designed in 1933 , failed as a public space , because it made people feel trapped . 
Mr. Bakes declined to give out Eastern 's daily losses , but said he did n't expect Eastern would have to dip into the cash from asset sales currently held in escrow . 
But it is n't just Washington 's relief dollars that are spread thin ; its relief manpower also is stretched . 
Already many foreign firms , especially banks , have their own cryptographers , conference speakers reported . 
Since peaking at 2791.41 on Oct. 9 , the Dow Jones Industrial Average has lost 194.69 points , or 7 % , closing Friday at 2596.72 , down 17.01 . 
Mr. John becomes the latest of many music stars , including George Michael and Whitney Houston , to appear in ads for the diet drink . 
Taxes are not going out of business . '' 
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen . 
( Part of Mr. Dinkins 's strength is his ability to win the support of both the Brooklyn and Harlem factions . ) 
When the champ has lost his stuff , the great mystery novelist wrote , `` when he can no longer throw the high hard one , he throws his heart instead . 
In England , this would mean that the British Deloitte would lose revenue for its audit of GM 's Vauxhill unit . 
The Babelists of the United Nations are experts at obfuscation . 
Because the federal Freedom of Information Act was n't law at that time , the FBI was n't required to turn over information on its investigations when Mr. Ferguson appealed his conviction in the 1960s . 
IBM also said it expects to benefit from the expertise that Motorola and other companies can bring to bear on the difficult problems involved in semiconductor manufacturing . 
The administration proposed only $ 57 million in so-called economic support funds for Costa Rica this year , down from the $ 90 million the U.S. provided last year . 
DISCIPLINARY PROCEEDINGS against lawyers open to public in Illinois . 
`` She can stay there with no heat , but for a parakeet , that can be deadly , '' says Daralee Konowitch , animalcare services manager for the SPCA . 
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore , Sydney and Wellington , but were lower in Seoul . 
Time Warner 's operating earnings got a boost from Warner 's record box-office results . 
But now the companies are getting into trouble because they undertook a record expansion program while they were raising prices sharply . 
That is n't easy . 
Policy statement P-5-39 sets out terms . 
It is widely known within industry circles that Hess had to buy oil products in the high-priced spot markets to continue supplying its customers . 
Paramount said the gain would be recorded in its fourth quarter , which ended yesterday . 
But what about all those non-duck ducks flapping over Washington ? 
And if she and the Battery Park City Authority have their way , her horticulturally inept plan will soon go public as a real garden `` artwork '' in the downtown complex . 
The Senate Agriculture Committee is responding to trading abuses in the futures markets with a far-reaching bill that would become the Futures Trading Practices Act of 1989 . 
The deal would require approval by a majority of Jaguar shareholders . 
Kidder , Peabody & Co. is trying to struggle back . 
The wounds from the 1987 crash have n't yet healed , and not all claims against the exchange clearinghouse -- by those who bet the Hang Seng index would fall -- have been settled . 
IBM , which said Motorola is paying just a nominal fee to cover the 21-month agreement , acknowledged some companies had turned down its invitation to join in . 
Whatever Mr. Johnson 's talents , in the hearts and minds of many Dallas fans , he is no Tom Landry . 
Still , proponents may be shying away from more drumbeating because they sense political tides have turned against arming the Nicaraguan rebels or boosting spending on SDI -- particularly when the public perceives the Soviet threat is declining under Mikhail Gorbachev . 
Last month , for example , Mips agreed to supply its computers to Nixdorf Computer AG of West Germany and France 's Groupe Bull . 
The takeover-stock traders were hoping that Mr. Davis or one of the other interested parties might re-emerge with the situation in disarray , or that the board might consider a recapitalization . 
Earlier this month , McCaw revised its offer to $ 125 a share for 22 million LIN shares . 
Similarly , 57 % of respondents own shares in a money-market mutual fund , and 33 % own municipal bonds . 
The whole idea of computer-integrated manufacturing , CIM , seems to be making a comeback after losing a little luster over the past couple of years when it became apparent that it was n't a panacea that would make U.S. plants more efficient and banish foreign competition . 
Seven games ( and , after a loss to the Kansas City Chiefs yesterday , seven losses ) into the season , the `` new '' Cowboys are n't doing any better than the old . 
The Big Board also has a terrible communication problem with individual investors , '' he added . 
For example , the administration proposal imposes extremely tough emissions standards on new power plants . 
`` They say , ` Johnny Payson got $ 53 million for his , so certainly $ 10 million is n't too much for mine . ' 
Paying off that debt put such a squeeze on Campeau and its stores that Federated decided to sell off the jewels of its retailing empire , including Bloomingdale 's . 
Last week , following fruitless settlement talks , Warner , now merging with Time Inc. , filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against both Sony and Guber Peters . 
He emphasized that the car maker only would bid for all of Jaguar under the right circumstances , and said `` those circumstances are n't right or possible at the moment . '' 
By accounting definitions , this had to produce a sudden trade deficit . 
The sales force is viewed as a critical asset in Integrated 's attempt to sell its core companies . 
Here is an excerpt : 
The Des Moines-based publisher said it created a new Custom Marketing Group that will offer advertisers special rates for combination packages in its magazines , such as Ladies Home Journal and Better Homes and Gardens . 
HOMESTAKE MINING CO. , San Francisco , gold and general miner , annual sales of $ 432.6 million , NYSE , said its headquarters was closed yesterday because of power failures and lack of water , but that it may reopen today . 
A few weeks ago , New York sold $ 750 million of tax-exempts . 
A committee of gem dealers investigates the source of some `` hot '' blue topaz stones recently reported by a Hong Kong jewelry manufacturer . 
Mr. Vinson estimates the industry 's total revenues approach $ 200 million . 
That target has been revised to 30 % by the year 2000 . 
`` It 's the total relationship that is important . '' 
All this was recognized and documented in the succeeding years by economists , some of whom worked in the Reagan administration to lift this burden from the American people , states and local governments . 
Vickers PLC , a United Kingdom defense and engineering company , said an investment unit controlled by New Zealand financier Ron Brierley raised its stake in the company Friday to 15.02 % from about 14.6 % Thursday and from 13.7 % the previous week . 
Critics of the plan , including the town of Braintree , say the incinerator is a health hazard . 
This is the year : Unsuspecting filers of 1988 personal returns are being picked randomly for thorough audits to help the IRS update its criteria for enforcement , audit selection , and use of resources . 
`` It was an overreaction to an event { the failure of a management and union group to get bank financing for a takeover of UAL } that does n't mean that much to lots of stocks . '' 
Interest will be paid semi-annually . 
The Consumer News and Business Channel cable network and U.S. News & World Report have formed a joint venture to produce cable program versions of special issues of the magazine . 
`` I believe it will do more damage than good because it will legitimize people like Daniel Ortega , '' says Curtin Windsor , who served as U.S. ambassador to Costa Rica during the Reagan administration . 
In the battle to supply desktop computers for researchers and design engineers , most of the attention is given to the biggest competitors : Sun Microsystems Inc. , Hewlett-Packard Co. and Digital Equipment Corp. , which make computers mainly aimed at a wide range of engineering and scientific needs . 
In a memorandum describing the guidelines , Assistant Attorney General Edward Dennis Jr. said that government efforts to freeze defendants ' assets pending racketeering prosecutions `` have been the subject of considerable criticism in the press . '' 
But Mr. Lesko 's staff is beginning to wonder whether there is n't some larger phenomenon foiling the contest . 
Mr. Smith recommends Cypress Semiconductor that is currently showing a robust 63 % earnings growth rate . 
He says it 's important for a new make to be as distinctive as possible while still retaining links to the parent company 's quality image . 
Critics contend that traders were putting buying or selling for their own accounts ahead of other traders ' customer orders . 
To be introduced later are a multiplexer , which will allow several signals to travel along a single optical line ; a light-wave system , which carries voice channels ; and a network controller , which directs data flow through cross-connect systems . 
`` Everybody was afraid of him , '' Mr. Ingersoll says . 
They conceded that the odds favored Mr. Kasparov , but they put their hope in D.T. 's recently enhanced capacity for examining positions -- up to a million per second , from 720,000 . 
The broadcasters were , after all , documenting the game , ratifying its occurrence for millions outside the Stick . 
The bid values Navigation Mixte at around 23 billion francs , depending on how many holders of Navigation Mixte warrants exchange them for shares before the bid expires . 
Part of a Series } 
The grand jury has also been investigating whether Gulf Power executives violated the federal Utility Holding Company Act , which prohibits certain utilities from making political contributions . 
But he said this does n't mean he is satisfied with the market 's big swings . 
But industry watchers expect them to blend the methodical marketing strategies they use for more mundane products with the more intuitive approach typical of cosmetics companies . 
The contract was to run from 1992 to 2020 . 
Thomas Stoddard , head of the Lambda Legal Defense Fund , called the prospect of the speech `` frankly shocking . '' 
`` It was extraordinarily satisfying , '' says Dr. Knudson , now at Fox Chase Cancer Research Center in Philadelphia . 
TED BUNDY'S LAWYERS switch to victims ' side in death-sentence case . 
The bolstered cellular agreement between BellSouth Corp. and LIN Broadcasting Corp. carries heightened risks and could fail to fend off McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. , the rival suitor for LIN . 
More than 200 catalog outfits are promoting a low-cost Federal Express service that guarantees pre-Christmas delivery of orders made by a certain date . 
RMI Titanium Co. -- 15 million common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc . 
In October 1987 , President Corazon Aquino vowed that her government would `` get out of business '' by selling all or part of the state 's holdings in the many companies taken over by the government during the 20-year rule of Ferdinand Marcos . 
On Friday , one analyst said , rank-and-file workers ratified a new labor agreement ending a three-month strike at the Highland Valley mine in British Columbia . 
Qintex Australia also said it has an investment of A$ 83.3 million in Qintex Entertainment shares . 
For the nine months , net was $ 7.7 million , or 41 cents a share , up 97 % from $ 3.9 million , or 22 cents a share , a year earlier . 
David Owen , U.K. economist with Kleinwort Benson Group , reduced his growth forecast for 1990 to 0.7 % from 1.2 % and termed the risk of recession next year `` quite high . '' 
`` The World Series , seven nights , was n't enough of an incentive , '' says Arnold Klinsky of WHEC-TV in Rochester , which dropped CBS for NBC six weeks ago . 
His estimate of 3.3 % for third-quarter GNP is higher than the consensus largely because he believes current inventories are n't as low as official figures indicate . 
Because he 's very bullish on the emerging growth stocks that make up the fund 's portfolio , Mr. Templeton said from his Bahamas hideaway . 
Also , municipal bonds lured buying because the stock market remains wobbly , traders contended . 
The gruff financier recently started socializing in upper-class circles . 
Mr. Noriega often tells friends that patience is the best weapon against the gringos , who have a short attention span and little stomach for lasting confrontation . 
One , for example , came from CBS Records Chairman Walter Yetnikoff , who will head a committee that will oversee Sony 's entertainment division , including both records and movies . 
This follows earlier new guidelines from the Tax Division prohibiting Princeton\/Newport-like tax cases from masquerading as RICO cases . 
Similarly , he says , suppose you were attracted to a company because of expectations that sales would hit $ 200 million by 1990 . 
Japan has been testing imported food from Europe since the April 1986 Chernobyl accident in the Soviet Union , the spokesman said . 
Brokers agreed with the two-tier price theory . 
Earlier this week , Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze confessed that the U.S.S.R. ignored universal human values by invading Afghanistan and , to put it bluntly , `` engaged in a violation of the ABM Treaty '' by building its radar station at Krasnoyarsk . 
His initial offer indicated he needed to raise as much as 80 % of the takeover financing through the debt markets . 
Warehouse clubs typically carry general merchandise and food products , which they sell for close to wholesale prices in no-frills stores . 
WPP , which assumes financial control of its businesses in a hands-on way , instituted a new financial system and plans to sublet some floors in Ogilvy 's new headquarters building to outsiders . 
Mr. Evans will stay until a successor is found , but not later than the end of the year , the company said . 
`` The Thief and the Dogs , '' written in 1961 , is a taut , psychological drama , reminiscent of `` Crime and Punishment . '' 
But traders said the quake had only a minor impact on the trading of California state and local municipal debt . 
According to the Value Line Investment Survey , demand for Nekoosa 's commodity paper has weakened , prompting earnings to decline by 6.6 % in the third quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
More-detailed reports followed , and attracted even less notice . 
But with the impending passage of these new programs , Mr. Bush will surely be sending many people hurtling back into the regulatory thicket that he had helped cut back . 
It may be straightforward -- he wants money for food -- or incredibly convoluted ; his sister is at this very moment near death in Hoboken , he has lost his wallet and has only $ 1.22 in change to put toward a bus ticket costing $ 3.83 , and wo n't you give him the difference ? 
Should n't they properly be called exit-load funds ? 
`` If the 1980s were a decade of consumption , the '90s will be the investment decade , '' Mr. Andersson says . 
Such a statute illustrates the fundamental problem : Congress finds it is easier to pass sweepingly moralistic prohibitions , which the courts must thereafter interpret , than to engage in the difficult line-drawing distinctions that are inherently its responsibility . 
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses . 
Duck swarms . 
Those hopes were dashed when the stock market put in a relatively quiet performance . 
The banking operation had a loss of $ 8.7 million in the second quarter , largely because of problem real-estate loans , while the insurance operations earned $ 884,000 . 
Sears officials insist they do n't intend to abandon the everyday pricing approach in the face of the poor results . 
`` While the stock market was falling , most { junk bond holders } were just watching it not knowing what to do , '' said Paul Suckow , director of fixed-income securities at Oppenheimer Management Corp . 
Dow Jones industrials 2653.28 , off 5.94 ; transportation 1199.32 , off 11.38 ; utilities 216.49 , up 1.45 . 
Libya 's previous conditions are no longer considered a problem , although the United Arab Emirates is still an issue . 
`` My belief is always , if you 've got a settlement , you read it into the record . '' says Judge Jenkins , now known in his courthouse as `` Shake 'Em Down Jenkins . '' 
The sales are being dragged down by a glut of 1989 vehicles , said Joel Pitcoff , a Ford analyst . 
Ogilvy & Mather , whose declining profitability prompted its takeover by WPP Group earlier this year , will see its profit margins bounce back to the `` 11.5 % range '' in 1990 , said Graham Phillips , the agency 's new chairman-elect . 
Sales for the third quarter increased 6.5 % to $ 1.51 billion from $ 1.42 billion . 
The yield was 7.35 % , up 0.01 percentage point . 
He says that he knew he was getting a zero-coupon CD and that he had previously invested in TIGRs ( Treasury Income Growth Receipts ) , a type of zero-coupon Treasury security sold by Merrill Lynch . 
LTV confirmed the price-increase plan , saying the move is designed to more accurately reflect the value of products and to put steel on more equal footing with other commodities . 
American Pacific and Kerr-McGee are the only two U.S. manufacturers of ammonium perchlorate . 
The loss is a setback to IBM , which pointed to the Kodak contract as an example of its success in systems integration . 
The Turkish refugee tragedy and the ongoing crisis can not be ignored and shuttled off to that notorious dustbin of history that has become so convenient recently . 
And that , in turn , would only strengthen the argument of those who oppose execution under any circumstances . 
That 's because quota-trained managers will likely respond better to quantity than to price signals . 
What the Arabs started , inflation finished . 
In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stock with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from fleeting price discrepancies between the two markets . 
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
Ms. Franklin , 49 years old , fills the position vacated by Naomi G. Albanese , who retired earlier this year at age 72 . 
This does not mean that the Federal Reserve does not already play an important indirect role in the stock market . 
It is 38.5 % owned by Canadian Express , another holding company . 
While she works inside , a tenant returns with several friends to collect furniture and clothing . 
Liberty National exchanged about 78.64 shares of its common stock for each of Florence Deposit 's 5,600 shares outstanding . 
Control Data recently announced an agreement with MIPS Computer Systems Inc. to jointly develop machines with simplified operating software . 
He adds : `` Once both sides feel comfortable , it should be that much easier to make more progress toward the economic and social reforms that are now starting in the East . 
Paramount said Associates has about $ 14 billion in total assets , making it third-largest in terms of assets among independent finance companies in the U.S. . 
With demand growing and workers in short supply , many Japanese manufacturers are spending heavily on automation . 
At a meeting with analysts , British Petroleum officials dispelled speculation that the company may take over a U.S. oil company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
An accounting controversy at the end of last year forced Boston Co. to admit it had overstated pretax profits by some $ 44 million . 
e - In Canadian dollars . 
The California pension fund 's planned investment in the real estate unit is unusual . 
Cineplex , a Toronto theater chain , had a second-quarter net loss of $ 38.7 million . 
Last year , the research and development division of Weyerhaeuser Co. , the large wood-products concern , invited a masseuse to its Tacoma , Wash. , offices . 
Large Digital buyers say the new VAX will let them stay with Digital when they need the power of a mainframe , instead of turning to IBM . 
Immune Response Corp. -- Three million common shares , via Merrill Lynch . 
The Bay Bridge , the main artery into San Francisco from the east , will be closed for at least several weeks . 
Officials for the other named companies did n't return telephone calls seeking comment . 
In a separate development , a private meeting is scheduled this morning between House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) and Sen. Dale Bumpers ( D. , Ark . ) in an effort to end a dispute which for two weeks has delayed action on an estimated $ 44 billion agriculture bill . 
Boston Edison Co. said it will take a previously reported $ 60 million charge against earnings in the fourth quarter . 
The volume resulted in dial-tone delays that were as short as 15 seconds and as long as five minutes . 
`` We are operating an information refinery that takes a broad stream of raw data and turns it into actionable knowledge , '' says Yosi Amram , founder and president . 
It still does n't look like governments are coughing up everything they know . 
Still , he adds , `` I could see owning both , given that individuals often have an advantage over big investors in spotting special situations based on their own insights , '' he adds . 
Neither could be reached for comment . 
`` But the marketplace changed . 
Those employees are suspected of illegally gaining an estimated $ 376.8 million , the prosecutor was quoted as saying by the Excelsior news service . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Ethyl closed at $ 25.875 a share , up 12.5 cents . 
The nagging memory of one afternoon fourteen years ago drove Jim Gideon , a lean 36-year-old righthander to take a four-month leave from selling insurance in Texas to try out for Mr. Weaver 's team . 
`` If the earnings acceleration is to take place , that should be the quarter . 
After slipping on news of a smaller-than-expected U.S. inflation figure , the dollar rebounded later in the trading day . 
Yesterday 's statement did n't say whether the Japanese companies will acquire Qintex 's remaining stake in the resorts . 
USX gained 1\/2 to 33 3\/8 on a report in Business Week magazine that investor Carl Icahn is said to have raised his stake in the oil and steel company to just about 15 % . 
`` From the beginning , it took a man with extraordinary qualities to succeed in Mexico , '' says Kimihide Takimura , president of Mitsui group 's Kensetsu Engineering Inc. unit . 
The drop accelerated in this year 's third quarter , underscoring an overall lack of stress in the U.S. economy , the company said . 
The banks badly want to break into all aspects of the securities business . 
But separate reports from Joshua Weiner and Denise Spence of the Brookings Institution and Korbin Liu of the Urban Institute find that `` a surprisingly small proportion '' -- only about 10 % -- of residents start out as private payers but `` spend down '' to Medicaid levels in a single nursing home stay before they die or are discharged . 
Mr. Dinkins also has failed to allay Jewish voters ' fears about his association with the Rev. Jesse Jackson , despite the fact that few local non-Jewish politicians have been as vocal for Jewish causes in the past 20 years as Mr. Dinkins has . 
Business : Restaurants 
-- Len Elliott . 
SEC staffers soon determined that a widely watched stock-market service , Quotron , had miscalculated the industrial average . 
It has to be engineered over and over again , month after month . 
But the worst possibility would be raising no working capital , he said . 
Energy prices continued to fall at the retail level , but economists worried about a big rise in wholesale energy costs . 
Marc M. Goloven , an economist with Manufacturers Hanover Trust in New York , said that while the figures appear to indicate a sadly deteriorating U.S. trade performance , there 's still enough positive news in the data to justify buying dollars . 
American Brands Inc. said third-quarter net income rose 13 % , reflecting strong gains in its tobacco and distilled spirits businesses . 
The government has been content with this far-reaching , subtle form of control , exercised on a case-by-case basis with no clear rules or guidelines . 
Royal 's suit contends that the Ammann acquisition was `` designed to entrench management and thwart Royal 's offer . '' 
`` We 're meeting and surpassing our goals , '' he added . 
Construction is set to begin in early 1991 . 
The entire second floor of its Madison Avenue store is now casual sportswear featuring items such as ski sweaters , leather backpacks and a $ 42 wool baseball hat with the store 's crest . 
Mr. Genscher and U.S. Secretary of Commerce Robert A. Mosbacher , in separate speeches at the conference , appealed for more Western contributions to economic reforms and business development in Hungary and Poland . 
One question being debated in the Soviet Union is how to use the defense sector 's research-and-production expertise in the rest of the economy . 
The dollar rose modestly against most major currencies . 
NOW YOU SEE IT , now you do n't . 
But the oil ministers continue to study the plan , and it will probably be the basis for discussion at next month 's meeting . 
One of Mr. Straszheim 's recurring themes is that the state of the economy is n't a simple black or white . 
Students also are taught to return clients ' phone calls immediately and to treat the support staff with respect . 
A ministry official said the growth leads to the conclusion the adverse effects of a consumption tax introduced in April have diminished . 
Those who can shake Keynesian ghosts out of their heads might recognize that the retirement of gilts for cash is equivalent to an expansionary open-market operation , indeed , it is the definition of an open market operation to expand the money supply . 
Nobody should have to live in such poor conditions as in `` Sugar Ditch , '' but when you travel to Washington , Boston , Chicago or New York , the same problems exist . 
He estimated that 1-2-3 outsold Microsoft 's Excel spreadsheet by four-to-one in the quarter , and held a 70 % or better share of the spreadsheet market . 
In exchange offers that expired Friday , holders of each $ 1,000 of notes will receive $ 250 face amount of Series A 7.5 % senior secured convertible notes due Jan. 15 , 1995 , and 200 common shares . 
`` We would stop index arbitrage when the market is under stress , and we have recently , '' he said , citing Oct. 13 and earlier this week . 
The company said the negative factors are expected to continue into next year . 
The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics . 
The lawyers also monitor suits to identify specific automobile parts that cause the biggest legal problems . 
The proprietor of Sante West , an aerobics studio in San Francisco 's Marina district , which was hit hard by the earthquake , says , `` People were going nuts the minute we opened , '' three days after the quake . 
Expenses are flat and that 's a good sign . 
But until then , and probably long afterward , the Communists ' apparat of obstruction -- from the head of the dairy co-op to the village bank manager -- will stay planted in the Polish countryside . 
Their problem is one of inefficiency of an industrial economy . 
Conner Peripherals was unchanged at 15 . 
During the third quarter , it said , it won several significant contracts , including a five-year contract with the National Institutes of Health valued at an estimated $ 8 million . 
Seats on the Amex currently are quoted at $ 151,000 bid and $ 200,000 asked . 
The agency said it monitored Newmark & Lewis 's advertised prices before and after the ad campaign , and found that the prices of at least 50 different items either increased or stayed the same . 
The health-maintenance concern said it reached the agreement with its court-appointed creditors ' committees Sept. 28 , and intends to submit the plan to the bankruptcy court in November . 
Mr. Corry also ruled that all board meetings would be held in Pittsburgh instead of New York or Findlay , Ohio , Marathon 's home . 
Some analysts say the latest results only seem pale by comparison with a spectacular second half of 1988 . 
But the strategy is n't helping much this time . 
Now they plan to sell us products that sift through all the information to give us what we really want to know . 
`` That 's the biggest risk of all -- the risk of not meeting your objectives , '' says Steven B. Enright , a New York financial planner with Seidman Financial Services . 
Nowhere in the federal securities law is simple negligence or inadvertent action a source of liability under similar circumstances . 
Contel is a $ 6 billion telephone and electronics company . 
Most other bonds , however , would probably not have fared much better . 
Flick Shock 
After failing to find a buyer for the Sears Tower in Chicago , Sears , Roebuck & Co. is negotiating with Boston pension fund adviser Aldrich , Eastman & Waltch Inc. to refinance the property for close to $ 850 million , according to people close to the negotiations . 
The FTC 's request was `` not unusual '' and Emerson will make a `` full and prompt '' response , according to a spokesman . 
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s . 
But neither of those developments did much to juice up growth , Mr. Sit says . 
A congressional subcommitee has been investigating the potential abuse from researchers holding stock in companies exploiting their research . 
So big is the capital-spending boom that Japanese companies ' outlays in Japan topped American companies ' domestic outlays by $ 521.4 billion to $ 494.8 billion in the 12 months ended March 31 even though Japan 's total output of goods and services is less than two-thirds America 's . 
The analyst said it will take about two to three months before the mine begins to produce copper in significant quantities . 
Montedison , which owns about 72 % of the company 's common stock , agreed to buy the rest for $ 37 a share . 
Mellon Bank Corp. said directors authorized the buy-back of as many as 250,000 common shares . 
GMAC Canada Ltd . ( U.S. parent ) -- 150 million Canadian dollars of floating-rate notes due November 1996 , via Banque Paribas Capital Markets Ltd . 
He says he told NewsEdge to look for stories containing such words as takeover , acquisition , acquire , LBO , tender , merger , junk and halted . 
He found 85 still overvalued and 15 fairly valued . 
Mr. Driscoll said that , despite continued weakness in the region 's real estate market , Bank of New England expects the rate of increase in nonperforming assets to slow in coming quarters . 
Caesars World Inc. plans to defend its august reputation by sinking $ 190 million into its opulent Caesars Palace , next door to the new Mirage , and adding a $ 100 million shopping area reminiscent of Rodeo Drive . 
To leave this decision to an `` independent '' agency is not only undemocratic . 
It objected again in September when Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki reluctantly named a Peasant Party man as his agriculture minister . 
Democrat Gene Taylor won a special election to fill the congressional seat vacated by the death of Republican Larkin Smith , taking back the GOP 's lone redoubt in Mississippi 's House delegation . 
`` There 's no finger to be pointed , '' she said . 
`` What could have been better ? '' asks Mr. Engelken . 
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short . 
Adults under age 30 like sports cars , luxury cars , convertibles and imports far more than their elders do . 
The Italian auto maker confirmed that it was discussing technical cooperation with Saab , but declined to comment on rumors that it was planning to buy Saab 's car division . 
New America High Income Fund recently said that it plans to reduce its leverage position by buying back $ 5 million in preferred stock and notes from investors . 
Still , stock-index funds are expected to continue launching big programs through the market . 
Even without bid talk , this year 's surge in prices for Brussels real estate has excited interest in AG . 
This scheme would fit the Arias Plan , which declared a false symmetry between Soviet military aid to the Sandinista dictatorship and that provided by Washington to freely elected governments . 
The industrial average ended at 2659.22 , down 3.69 points . 
Overseas , both franchisees and the company performed substantially better than a year ago . 
Like other foreign banks establishing a presence here , the family describes its move as a calculated decision to set up a financial services outlet in Europe 's largest economy ahead of the integration of European Community markets after 1992 . 
Mr. Brawer 's wife , Catherine , and Robert Stroup , Elizabeth 's husband , round out the five-member board . 
First Boston financings for several other highly leveraged clients , including Ohio Mattress , unraveled as the high-risk junk bond market plummeted . 
The study covered 11 major U.S. attorneys ' offices -- including those in Manhattan and Brooklyn , N.Y. , and New Jersey -- from 1980 to 1987 . 
Mr. Digate says that Beyond will refine the product `` so the message will be smart enough to know to come back and bother you again next week . '' 
A lifelong revolutionary with little education who fought both the French and the U.S.-backed Saigon regime , she switched effortlessly to commerce after the war . 
Including Monday 's plunge , that has given the two executives paper losses of $ 49.5 million , based on what they would have realized had the pilots and management-led buy-out of UAL gone through at $ 300 a share . 
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . '' 
It is the right-wing guerrillas who are aligned with the drug traffickers , not the left wing . 
This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger . 
Northeast Utilities ' plan proposes 5.5 % annual increases . 
He says the airline is putting its faith in the Sino-British agreement on Hong Kong 's return to China . 
Mr. McNair , 62 years old , will be succeeded by L.M. `` Bud '' Baker Jr. , 47 , the parent 's chief credit officer and head of its administration division . 
Raymond E. Ross , 53 years old , formerly group vice president , U.S. plastics machinery , at this machine tool , plastics machinery and robots concern , was named senior vice president , industrial systems , succeeding David A. Entrekin , who resigned Monday . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Oneida 's shares closed at $ 18.375 a share , unchanged . 
Ready , Willing and Unable I always lift the hood When my car does n't start ; If gadgets at home do n't work I coolly take them apart . 
Are those declines enough to signal a partial return to stocks ? 
After watching interest in the sport plummet for years , the ski industry is trying to give itself a lift . 
There ca n't be an older baseball fan alive who does n't clearly remember that Bobby Thomson homer , who ca n't tell you where he was when he heard the famous Russ Hodges radio broadcast -- the one that concluded with Mr. Hodges shouting , over and over , `` The Giants win the pennant , the Giants win the pennant ! '' 
Shareholders of Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm G.m.b . H. postponed their formal endorsement of a merger with Daimler-Benz AG until another meeting on Nov. 17 . 
Investors usually do n't want to take physical delivery of a contract , preferring instead to profit from its price swings and then end any obligation to take delivery or make delivery as it nears expiration . 
`` All too often this will merely be a statement on the solicitation such as , ` Do n't smoke ! ' or ` Wear suntan lotion , ' `` says William Webster , attorney general of Missouri . 
`` We may be able to reach a tradeoff where we can accommodate { the pilot union 's } concerns and ours , '' said Brian M. Freeman , the machinists ' financial adviser . 
Unamused , residents burned Rand McNally books and wore T-shirts that said : `` Kiss my Atlas . '' 
Moreover , the price volatility that is amplified by program trading is undercutting efforts to woo individual investors back to an OTC market that sorely misses them . 
The sixth partner , John H. OBrion , Jr. , is joining Cowan & Owen , a smaller firm outside Richmond . 
Tandy earned $ 88.8 million , or $ 3.64 a share , in the year ended June 30 . 
In restaurants ( in this case , the Russian Samovar , a New York restaurant operated by and for Soviet emigres ) , she did n't want the chirpy , folkish music bouncing through the room . 
Individual Inc. , a new company in Brookline , Mass. , uses filtering technology developed by Cornell University computer scientist Gerard Salton , to automatically produce customized newsletters it sends electronically to subscribers by 8 a.m. the next day . 
Istat said 369,000 more people were employed in July than in April . 
Recent changes in average annual age-specific lung-cancer rates per 100,000 population by race and sex . 
$ 150 million of Remic mortgage securities offered in 12 classes by First Boston Corp . 
In the case of Beatrice , Salomon Brothers Inc. is considering restructuring the reset mechanism on the $ 200 million portion of the offering . 
People did n't believe we were in tune with the marketplace , and in many ways we were n't . '' 
`` You ca n't buy anything nowadays . 
The British carrier also confirmed it is n't committed to going forward with any new bid . 
Mr. Dorfman provides confirming evidence of this phenomenon when he reports that your staff of dart throwers would have accumulated only $ 112,383 by randomly selecting four new stocks to be held in a portfolio each month . 
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one-year maturity only . 
Keio Teito Electric Railway Co . ( Japan ) -- 
Estee Lauder Inc. , Revlon Inc. and other cosmetics houses traditionally have considered themselves fashion enterprises whose product development is guided by the creative intuition of their executives . 
But the stock market , despite some stomach-churning declines , has far outperformed other securities over extended periods . 
Business : Forest products and roofing 
It puts great strain on a longstanding U.S. friendship with Turkey , a country that has been one of America 's strongest allies in NATO . 
And some commuters , relieved by the absence of gridlock , were planning to return to their old ways . 
Japan 's Daiwa Securities Co. named Masahiro Dozen president . 
So far , analysts have said they are looking for $ 3.30 to $ 3.35 a share . 
An early fund had filed a registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission that included a fixed $ 1 price . 
The carpet division had 1988 sales of $ 368.3 million , or almost 14 % of Armstrong 's $ 2.68 billion total revenue . 
Even excluding the charge , however , net fell 5 % . 
Public protests against him were triggered in June 1987 due to charges by Diaz Herrera , his former chief of staff , that Mr. Noriega had stolen the 1984 election and had ordered the killing of Messrs. Spadafora and Torrijos . 
It also has removed a ban on CIA use of a contingency fund for covert acts and has agreed to wipe away some tortured and legalistic restrictions on coup planning put in place to ensure that the CIA did n't get back in the assassination game . 
Uniroyal has 2,600 employees and facilities in the U.S. , Canada , Brazil , Italy and Taiwan . 
The two `` have a wonderful chemistry -- Jon is very impulsive , and Peter is very compulsive , '' adds Mr. Birnbaum , who is now head of production at News Corp. 's 20th Century Fox Film Co . 
Mr. Mehl attributed the rise specifically to the Treasury bill increase . 
Surely at some other cosmic address a Gouldoid creature would have risen out of the ooze to explain why , paleontologically speaking , `` it is , indeed , a wonderful life . '' 
Industrial production declined 0.1 % in September , reinforcing other signs that the manufacturing sector continues its slowing trend . 
At the American Magazine Conference here , publishers are plenty worried about the industry 's woes . 
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system . 
In September , the number of jobless rose 0.1 % from the previous month to 2.5 million on a seasonally adjusted basis . 
A bigger test will come next year if , as many analysts expect , bulk chemical prices slump in Europe . 
He said Westmoreland is looking at investment stakes in other cogeneration plants east of the Mississippi River . 
Here is a summary of the Federal Reserve Board 's report on industrial production in September . 
In late New York trading , the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks and 141.90 yen , compared with 1.8578 marks and 142.43 yen late Friday . 
The company said it plans to use the sale proceeds to invest in business opportunities more closely identified with the company 's `` refocused direction . 
The remainder expect a downturn to begin sometime in 
The aerospace and financial services concern said net income fell 5 % to $ 59.5 million from $ 62.8 million . 
For the survey , Peter D. Hart Research Associates and the Roper Organization each asked about 2,000 U.S. consumers about their buying habits . 
Commission revenue was $ 522 million , up 49 % . 
Lotus said net rose to $ 23 million , or 54 cents a share , on sales of $ 153.9 million . 
Foothills ' main rival to build a Mackenzie Delta pipeline is likely to be TransCanada PipeLines . 
The Bay Area Rapid Transit `` withstood the earthquake perfectly , '' said Mr. Engelken , adding that the rail system was running a full fleet of 45 trains during the day to provide an alternative for highway travelers . 
Then , when Morgenzon was incorporated in 1908 , the farmer who owned the land stipulated that only whites could reside in town ; blacks could work there , but they had to leave at night . 
You lead readers to believe that the House reduced the capital-gains tax for two years only . 
Indeed , in a note to the results , directors said if the `` true worth '' of some of the group 's assets were taken into account instead of using book values , the negative net asset backing a share would turn into `` a substantial positive '' one . 
Washington Red Delicious , by the way , are wholesaling for less than $ 10 a box these days . 
Most analysts think there 's little prospect the Contras can be a significant fighting force without U.S. arms , and after the February election their future in any form will be murky at best . 
Net interest income for the third quarter declined to $ 35.6 million from $ 70.1 million a year ago . 
U.S. exports benefited in August from heavy Canadian spending on new plant and equipment and a pickup in Canadian auto demand , Canadian officials said . 
Alexander Brody , 56 , will take on the newly created position of president of the world-wide agency and chief executive of its international operations . 
Separately , Warner reported a net loss of $ 106 million , or 56 cents a share , including merger expenses of $ 100 million and $ 120 million in charges associated with stock-appreciation-based compensation plans . 
Smith-Kline Beecham goes further and sometimes features its grievance procedure in closed-circuit TV programs . 
The Chivas ad illustrates -- via a series of pullouts -- the wild reactions from the pool man , gardener and others if not given Chivas for Christmas . 
And we are the first back at the dock , where the great blue herons stand waiting by the cleaning benches . 
In addition , an investor who wants to know the daily value of Treasury bonds , or corporate bonds traded on the New York Stock Exchange , can simply check newspaper listings . 
Moreover , he notes that analyzing financial results `` poses a problem for a salesman who is n't particularly familiar with a balance sheet . '' 
Sixty percent of the fund will be invested in stocks , with the rest going into bonds or short-term investments . 
Allegany Health System -- three-part issue of $ 156.7 million of revenue bonds , tentatively priced through a Morgan Stanley & Co. group . 
But in any event -- and this is the important point -- tax `` payments '' on capital gains will be lower with indexation than under current law , even though the tax `` rate '' is the same under both systems . 
Eliminating the earnings limit would greatly help seniors and reduce the deficit . 
But even that group knows some people do n't use their machines as much as they should . 
Analysts insist that even without help from a shaky stock market , which provided a temporary boost for bonds during the Oct. 13 stock market plunge , bond prices will start to climb on the prospects that the Federal Reserve will allow interest rates to move lower in the coming weeks . 
The authorities have steered foreign reporters to her office to see an example of `` the new way of thinking . '' 
Coastal said the refinery 's expected daily production will include 34,000 barrels of jet fuel , 32,000 barrels of low-sulfur diesel fuel , 30,000 barrels of naphtha , 17,000 barrels of residual fuel oil , 8,000 barrels of asphalt and 25,000 barrels of low-sulfur catalytic cracker feedstock . 
`` But that partner is n't Fiat . '' 
Howard Bloom , president of the dress firm Chetta B Inc. , says : `` It 's big time chaos today . 
The results include record quarterly earnings of $ 76 million from Chrysler Financial Corp . 
Curiously , Randall Arney as Teddy seems the only cast member unable to get beyond the zombie approach to a Pinter character . 
Later , he recalls the words of his Marxist mentor : `` The people ! Theft ! The holy fire ! '' 
If the answers to these questions are affirmative , then institutional investors are likely to be favorably disposed toward a specific poison pill . 
Indeed , Morgan Stanley 's president , Richard B. Fisher , said the firm is putting up money to form a group of regulators , investors and investment banks to find out if stock-index arbitrage artificially induces stock-market volatility . 
Although the jobs will probably pay between $ 70,000 and $ 80,000 a year , IRS officials are confident that they can attract top-notch candidates from the private sector . 
Mutual funds , for example , are said to be selling existing municipal bonds to raise cash to buy new issues . 
`` I was feeling like I was too high to begin with , '' he said . 
They would then develop priorities by identifying the least painful program cuts as they moved from higher to lower budgets . 
The Garcias were cleared of four other felony counts , involving the receipt of bribes and gratuities . 
Unlike his predecessor , who saw steel as America 's backbone , Mr. Corry tends to view it as a capital-draining and labor-intensive business with limited potential , associates say . 
It also is trying to shore up its tobacco business . 
Wells Rich declined to comment on the status of the account , as did the other agencies . 
The lawsuit was filed by Lone Star Steel 's unsecured creditors ' committee on behalf of Lone Star Steel , which has been operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code since June 30 . 
Erbamont will then be liquidated , with any remaining Erbamont holders receiving a distribution of $ 37 a share . 
On New York 's Commodity Exchange Friday , gold for current delivery jumped $ 5.80 , to $ 378.30 an ounce , the highest settlement since July 12 . 
Paribas is Allianz 's main French bank , and the Munich-based group said it intends to stay neutral . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index lost about 1 % , or 3.95 , to 448.80 . 
Mr. Ferguson said a continued softness in New York City area 's economy and increased competition , particularly in the private-line market , took a heavy toll on earnings . 
The Bougainville mine is generally expected to remain closed until at least the end of the year . 
To lure buyers to the Chicago & North Western bonds , portfolio managers said Donaldson Lufkin sweetened the transaction by offering the bonds with a resettable interest rate and a 10 % equity kicker . 
While he did n't comment directly on the pact between Ciba-Geigy and the university , he said Merieux can transfer new products and technologies to Connaught more rapidly than other companies `` not currently producing and marketing vaccines { who } can only promise this for some ... years in the future . '' 
Mr. McDonough 's first professional project fully to reflect his environmental ardor was his 1986 design for the headquarters of the Environmental Defense Fund in New York . 
Others , like Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , which has eight offices in the San Francisco area , set up an 800 number yesterday morning for customers to obtain market commentary and other help . 
From a financial standpoint , the boom could n't come at a better time . 
Under its revised fleet plan , PWA said it will also increase its existing fleet of eight Boeing 767-300ER aircraft to 18 by 1994 , and add four more Boeing 747-400s by 1994 to the two units that it previously planned to add by next year . 
But this raises added cost barriers to urban entrepreneurship . 
A spokesman for Seagram , the Montreal wine and spirits concern controlled by the Bronfman family , said the company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends . 
`` It 's simple , '' says Lamar Hunt , who owns the Kansas City Chiefs and last year raised ticket prices by $ 2.40 to an average $ 17 . 
Republicans are squinting most painfully , at least at first , which is only fair because they 've been shielded the most . 
To help residents in Northern California rebuild , FEMA intends to set up 17 disaster assistance offices in the earthquake area in the next several days and to staff them with 400 to 500 workers from various agencies , said Robert Volland , chief of the agency 's individual assistance division . 
The optical products company has signed a licensing agreement with Photoprotective Technologies Inc. , a closely held firm in San Antonio , Texas , which has developed a method to incorporate the synthetic melanin into plastic lenses . 
The August deficit and the # 2.2 billion gap registered in July are topped only by the # 2.3 billion deficit of October 1988 . 
But Eugene L. Nowak , an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , forecast that the sale will bring in `` $ 200 million or substantially more . '' 
They dropped 0.4 % as dealers continued to offer rebates to attract customers . 
Plain-vanilla funds have become so commonplace that fees they can charge have plunged to almost nothing , and in some cases are just that . 
The large increase in Customs Service air-interdiction funds is also intended to counter smuggling , and the annual appropriations level has more than quadrupled in five years . 
In 1988 New Era sought a permanent injunction to restrain Henry Holt & Co. from publishing `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' on the ground that Mr. Miller 's quotations from Mr. Hubbard infringed the copyrights . 
All estimates exclude highway repair , which could exceed $ 1 billion . 
Billings were n't disclosed ... . 
But one Bush administration official knowledgeable about the summit plan cautioned against assuming that there will be bold new initiatives on the Soviet economy or other issues . 
How difficult it is for a thinking person to live among societies rooted in the past . 
Santa Fe International Corp. , which is owned by Kuwait ( and is n't related to Santa Fe Southern Pacific 's unit ) , is stepping up development of a well off Texas ' Matagorda Island where it found gas in 1987 . 
Still the Salinger decision created a strong presumption against fair use of unpublished materials . 
Those enterprises , however , are not going to be privatized . 
Before his assassination in 1988 , President Zia of Pakistan repeatedly stated that fresh Soviet troops were being inserted into Afghanistan even as others were ostentatiously withdrawn . 
The lower boundary was established just after the opening in a brief round of selling ; the upper boundary was set at midday as scattered bargain-hunting pushed prices higher . 
The consolidation is expected to save $ 1 million a year in administrative costs , a Great American spokesman said . 
At the news conference , Mr. Lorenzo and Eastern President Phil Bakes presented a far rosier assessment . 
No wonder . 
But he said it wo n't climb further and he expects it to remain in a trading range between $ 1.10 and $ 1.25 . 
The original transaction fell through on the same day British Air shareholders approved the plan at a special meeting after the British succeeded in arranging the financing for its equity contribution . 
At James Capel & Co. in London , analyst Jackie Ashurst notes that Akzo is less exposed than many of its rivals to the most volatile chemical products . 
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party . 
Uneasiness about Wall Street was cited in several markets . 
For more than 50 years the federal government has tried various ways to provide housing for the poor and revive cities . 
The legislation failed by one vote to clear the House Rules Committee Tuesday , but anti-abortionists still may succeed in bringing the measure to the floor this fall . 
Legislation to require the consent of parents before their daughters under the age of 18 can have abortions will probably pass both houses of the Michigan legislature and set up a grinding battle to override the expected veto of Democratic Gov. James Blanchard . 
Mr. Guber , by contrast , has been married to one woman for more than 20 years . 
Demand has been growing consistently under the encouragement of pro-consumption government policies , an association spokesman said . 
The transaction is subject to execution of a definitive purchase agreement and approval by various regulatory agencies , including the insurance departments of the states of Florida and Indiana , the company said . 
Barred by its budget law from making any new domestic bond issues , Wellington 's Debt Management Office had been casting abroad to raise the 3 billion New Zealand dollars ( US$ 1.76 billion ) to NZ$ 4 billion it needs to come up with by the end of its fiscal year next June 30 . 
For the fiscal year , the company said it anticipates reporting earnings of $ 23 million , or about $ 1.15 a share , including a charge of about $ 5.9 million , or 22 cents a share , related to the merger that created Legent out of Duquesne Systems Inc. and Morino Inc. in March 1989 . 
Environmentalists criticized the program as merely a public-relations attempt to head off a White House proposal to require a million cars a year that run on cleaner-burning fuels by 1997 . 
Whether Mr. McInnes 's oversight is merely a sign of a mainlander 's benign neglect is a question my fellow Channel Islanders ( and friends on the Isle of Man ) will continue to ponder . 
`` There is a one-out-of-three shot of getting it this year , '' said Sen. David Boren of Oklahoma , a leading Democratic proponent of cutting the capital-gains tax . 
Gen-Probe , an industry leader in the field of genetic probes , which is a new technology used in diagnostic tests , last year signed an agreement for Chugai to exclusively market its diagnostic products in Japan for infectious diseases and cancer . 
Among the types of cases the in-house litigators handle are disputes involving companies doing business with GM and product-related actions , including one in which a driver is suing GM for damages resulting from an accident . 
Dennis Block , a partner at the New York firm of Weil , Gotshal & Manges , said that in the first eight months of this year , 89 hostile offers were launched , compared with 157 for the first eight months of 
The complex restructuring , which was long expected , transforms London-based WCRS from primarily a creator of advertising into one of Europe 's largest buyers of advertising time and space . 
The reductions should be complete by the end of the year , a spokesman said , adding that the exact number to be cut has n't been determined . 
Limited volume ahead of the September trade data showed the market is nervous , but dealers added that the day 's modest gains also signaled some support for London equities . 
`` We have been a great market for inventing risks which other people then take , copy and cut rates . '' 
The researchers reported they have been able to pluck the five genes that produced the toxin out of the pertussis bacterium . 
Then , too , many individual investors lack the sturdy emotional makeup professionals say is needed to plunge in and out of the market . 
But for brain tests , the unwieldy machines `` would have required patients to stand on their heads , '' says Reginald Bickford , a researcher at the University of California at San Diego . 
He suggests , for example , that investors may have assumed that just because UAL could n't get financing , no leveraged buy-outs can get financing . 
`` Bally was not an unfriendly takeover , '' he insists . 
This year , Hoechst will produce about 62,000 tons of CFCs in factories in Frankfurt , Spain and Brazil . 
That was another reason the Street loved Santa Fe . 
He declined to disclose specific prices , but said each product costs in the tens of thousands , or even hundreds of thousands , of dollars . 
Trinova , which had 34.2 million common shares outstanding Sept. 30 , had repurchased 29,700 shares since October 1987 before this latest announcement . 
In what could prove a major addition to the Philippines ' foreign-investment portfolio , a Taiwanese company signed a $ 180 million construction contract to build the centerpiece of a planned petrochemical complex . 
Upon examination , however , I wondered whether the plan made a lot of sense . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
Sales rose 7.7 % to $ 6.66 billion from $ 6.19 billion . 
`` Even if you look at it as a turnaround situation , it 's expensive , '' said Wayne Hood of Prudential-Bache Securities Inc . 
In early trading in Tokyo Thursday , the Nikkei index rose 135.09 points to 35242.65 . 
Large cross-border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added . 
If start-ups ca n't have early access to research being conducted at institutions , `` we have to replicate it ourselves or do without the research , '' says Ruth Emyanitoff , manager of business development at Applied bioTechnology Inc. , a Cambridge , Mass. , concern . 
He added : `` Banks must open their books . '' 
The Treasury also announced details of this week 's unusual bill auction , which has been changed to accommodate the expiration of the federal debt ceiling at midnight tomorrow . 
THE IRS WILL PAY if its error burdens you with bank charges . 
But ad executives who negotiated the deal say that works out to only $ 275,000 for a 30-second ad in the World Series through 1993 -- 17 % less than what ABC is charging for the Series this month . 
And what they have shown is n't impressive . 
For a brief time , the buy-out effort seemed to solve his problems with United 's pilot union . 
Total snack-food profit rose 30 % . 
Ginnie Mae 13 % securities were down about 1\/4 at 109 30\/32 . 
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt-equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year . 
But the researchers found that while children 's household tasks eased the mother 's burden appreciably , the husband 's helping hand `` appears to lighten the children 's load almost on a one-for-one basis and to reduce the wife 's responsibility only modestly . '' 
The yield on a group of 25 revenue bonds compiled by the Bond Buyer , a trade publication , now exceeds 7.50 % . 
Mr. Jiang also pledged that the Chinese Red Cross would publish `` very soon '' a list of those killed . 
In addition , Delmed is exploring distribution arrangements with Fresenius USA , Delmed said . 
Stock prices fell broadly in heavy trading , dominated by futures-related program selling and further declines by UAL and other airline stocks . 
`` What have you got ? 
This service identifies each caller 's phone number , and it can be used to generate instant mailing lists . 
Texas and California are traditionally powerful within the conference , but equally striking is the dominance of Alaska , Pennsylvania and West Virginia because of their power elsewhere in the appropriations process . 
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods . 
But many consumers probably will use the extra time to put off some purchasing until the last minute . 
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share . 
`` If they do n't fill it immediately , then I can start over at a new price or try again with the same price . '' 
In Leipzig , more than 500 people met with local party officials to discuss internal changes . 
Toshiba Corp. busted open that sector this summer with a notebook-sized machine that retails for less than 200,000 yen ( under $ 1,500 ) -- one of the smallest , cheapest PCs available in the country . 
a - Ex-dividend . 
Will you pour me a drop of water , if you do n't mind ? '' 
As interest rates paid depositors were lowered , thrift withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 5.1 billion , not including interest credited to accounts . 
When bank financing for the buy-out collapsed last week , so did UAL 's stock . 
Nonperforming assets continued to pile up in the latest quarter , rising to $ 900 million , or 3.52 % of loans and leases , from $ 667 million , or 2.68 % , at the end of the second quarter . 
Meanwhile , the many organizations inside the country that back the ANC are taking the opportunity to regain their strength and mobilize their supporters even though the state of emergency , which has severely curtailed black opposition , remains in force . 
Mr. Templeton 's 147,300-share purchase in the closed-end fund came before the U.S. stock market 's plunge last Friday , but still proved slightly profitable . 
The softness of the core constrains the plastic models to No. 1 , No. 2 or No. 3-type pencils , which account for the bulk of the market . 
He succeeds Roger Kimmel , who resigned last week saying his participation in evaluating the company 's role in buying MGM\/UA Communications Co. was no longer necessary . 
Other RJR securities also closed higher . 
As a result , industry operated out of small , expensive , highly inefficient industrial units . 
The real culprits , they said , are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products . 
In contrast , credit programs can be appropriate tools to improve the operation of capital markets . 
On a pro-forma basis , assuming the merger was effective Jan 1 , 1988 , including the results from both Time Inc. and all of Warner , that cash flow figure would be $ 526 million for the latest quarter , more than double the comparable figure a year ago , or $ 242 million , according to Time Warner . 
`` Who can make the better decision , the guy who has 10 seconds to decide what to do or the guy with all the time in the world ? '' he says . 
The spokesman says the `` glitch '' in the statute is `` the worst kind of Catch-22 . '' 
So far Galileo has been delayed twice , once because of a computer malfunction connected with a space-shuttle engine , and yesterday because of the weather . 
Mr. Bauman received an encouraging letter from the recognized master of scandal survival , Richard Nixon . 
Exxon said it will build a new headquarters on a 132-acre tract in the 10-year-old Las Colinas complex in the suburb of Irving . 
Elsewhere in the Commerce Department , nearly $ 191.2 million is preserved for assistance programs under the Economic Development Administration . 
Gen-Probe agreed to be bought by Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million . 
Higher sales of pesticides and other plant-science products more than offset a slight decline in the sales of animal-health products to fuel the increase in world-wide agricultural product sales , Lilly said . 
That 's what happened yesterday . 
Revenue rose 15 % to $ 2.17 billion from $ 1.89 billion . 
This is a story about suckers . 
Mr. Weil of Weil & Associates said he will remain at $ 1 a share for next year but said he wonders whether even that low target is at risk . 
Allianz said in its statement that it was acting to protect that interest , which ties it to Navigation Mixte as a partner . 
The Justice Department said it filed a lawsuit seeking more than $ 7.7 million from a Meredith Corp. unit on charges that the company defrauded the government on a contract to provide relocation services for federal employees . 
The company is an independent refined-petroleum-products pipeline serving six Western states . 
Still , consultants and industry executives said the products could help make manufacturing operations more efficient , and provide a boost to the computer-integrated-manufacturing market -- a market that Yankee Group , a research firm , has said may double to $ 40 billion by 1993 . 
Investors who listened , and lightened up on stocks , `` have just hurt themselves , '' he says . 
He said ours is supposed to be `` a government of laws not of men , '' and yet RICO defenders `` tell us that we should rely on prosecutorial discretion to protect against overbreadth of RICO . '' 
With the fall social season well under way , name-droppers are out in force , trying to impress their betters and sometimes put down their lessers . 
The association said domestic demand grew 8.8 % in September . 
When you do that you wipe out the criminal incentives , including , I might say , the incentive that the drug pushers have to go around and get kids addicted , so that they create a market for themselves . 
We practically ran our own studio . '' 
Well , it now turns out that Mrs. Thatcher had to travel across the globe to the 49-member Commonwealth summit in Kuala Lumpur to discomfit the Holy Order of Consensus Builders . 
We were wrong . 
Steve Milunovich , a securities analyst at First Boston , said that while investors were looking for an excuse to buy IBM shares a year ago , even the big institutional investors are looking for a reason to avoid the stock these days . 
Integrated senior and junior creditors are owed a total of about $ 1.8 billion . 
Some former strike-force personnel say the units have already begun to break up . 
USA Today reported that the Rales brothers , Washington , D.C.-based investors who made an unsuccessful offer to acquire Interco last year , have bought nearly 3 % of Mead 's common shares . 
From his new , million-dollar-a-year perch on Wall Street as a managing director of Wertheim Schroder & Co. , Mr. Coelho reports that many of his former colleagues have contacted him to find out how they , too , can pursue investment banking careers . 
Moreover , ticket splitting appears to take the same peculiar pattern at the state government level as it does at the federal level . 
Robert J. Regal was named president and chief executive officer of this company 's Universal-Rundle Corp. unit . 
The market `` is going to wind down , '' says Gerald W. Perritt , a Chicago money manager . 
However , people familiar with the buy-out group said Mr. Pope 's departure would weaken the airline 's management at a critical time . 
Mrs. Hoffman says that dramatization `` makes the truth flexible . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters planned to run the nearly dormant MGM studio , and the two even tried to interest Warner Bros . ' President Terry Semel in becoming a partner after he advised them on the deal . 
With investment banking as Kidder 's `` lead business , '' where do Kidder 's 42-branch brokerage network and its 1,400 brokers fit in ? 
William Morrissey , 44 , was named executive vice president , world-wide director of McCann Direct , the direct marketing unit of Interpublic Group 's McCann-Erickson agency . 
Czech reformers can recall the Wilsonian ideals of the same period in their country . 
The committee has two groups of experts it calls on to analyze Eastern 's plans . 
For the nine months , the latest loss trimmed net income to $ 3.6 million , which after payment of preferred dividends represented a 31-cent loss a common share . 
The Labor Department reported that consumer prices rose just 0.2 % last month , slightly lower than some economists had expected . 
For three years , a healthy economy and the export-boosting effects of a weak dollar propelled sales and earnings of the big paper companies to record levels . 
And no one was shouting . 
State governments place very low ceilings on how much property people may own or how much income they may keep if they want welfare help on medical bills . 
Starting next month , Eastern will begin flying 775 flights daily instead of the previously announced 700 , they said . 
But some of it also represented profit-taking by investors who have made big gains in some issues . 
Today , it 's obvious that the brawny , six-foot , one-inch musician made the right choice . 
They insist that CFCs are damaging the earth 's stratospheric ozone layer , which screens out some of the sun 's ultraviolet rays . 
Growing pressures on the Arizona real-estate market are affecting the thrift ; Pinnacle West told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report it may consider filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection if it ca n't reach an agreement with federal regulators to provide additional capital to MeraBank . 
To be sure , the stock still has a lot of fans . 
Even before the full extent of the devastation was known , Defense Secretary Dick Cheney ordered the military services to set up an emergency command center in the Pentagon and prepare to respond to various FEMA requests for assistance . 
They were old-fashioned elegant gentlemen , who happened to be of German Jewish extraction . 
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts . 
Moreover , state-owned Finnish companies lacking formal state guarantees could face greater difficulty raising funds in international financial markets , bankers say . 
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock-index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock-index arbitrage had been a `` break-even '' proposition for Bear Stearns . 
A bankruptcy court hearing is set for Nov. 3 on these accords . 
Instead , it seems to be using foreign pressure and even the trade conflict to expand its sphere of influence vis a vis other ministries . 
He assumed the missing piece contained a gene or genes whose loss had a critical role in setting off the cancer . 
Patrick Basham 
Ms. Chung 's , however , is said to be the only network news program in history to employ casting directors . 
`` Name-dropping is pervasive and getting more so as society becomes more complex and alienating , '' says Herbert Freudenberger , a New York psychoanalyst , with a high-powered clientele . 
By that , he means low-margin but low-risk products such as certain types of primary property insurance . 
Hokkaido Takushoku Bank ( Japan ) -- 300 million Swiss francs of notes and bonds due March 31 , 1994 , with fixed 0.375 % coupon at par via Swiss Bank Corp . 
He said industry should build plants on the same scale as those outside India and benefit from economies of scale . 
Earlier last week , Valley National Corp. , the state 's largest locally owned banking company , reported a $ 72.2 million loss and suspended its dividend . 
Police say the robberies are usually pulled off by two to five men , who walk into the agencies near closing or lunch time , when few employees are there . 
Because it had bipartisan support . '' 
It is also planning another night of original series . 
His trials aroused public passions out of all proportion to the rather banal secrets he allegedly had passed to Soviet intelligence . 
`` It now takes something really weird to inspire public outrage . '' 
No doubt he believes the place can be salvaged . 
To try to combat the traffic slowdown , airlines started reducing fares ; average fares rose only 1.7 % in August , in contrast to increases of 16 % each in February and March . 
The poll showed that company size had a bearing on a manager 's view of the problem , with 65 % of those in companies of more than 15,000 employees saying stress-related problems were `` fairly pervasive '' and 55 % of those in companies with fewer than 4,000 employees agreeing . 
Mortgage - , Asset-Backed Securities 
The company said it estimates the Desert Inn remodeling will cost about $ 32 million , and the refurbishment of the three DC-8-62 aircraft , made by McDonnell Douglas Corp. , will cost around $ 24.5 million . 
However , relying on an ardent critic of the Reagan administration and the Contra movement for help in delaying the disarming of the Contras was risky business . 
`` We do n't know the effect of our antibody on the human body . '' 
The TV units of Paramount and MCA are exploring offering prime-time programming to independent stations two nights a week . 
But at a time of mounting concern over alcohol abuse , some liquor marketers consider Seagram 's frequent buyer promotion risky . 
But increased reliance on nuclear power would meet stiff opposition from environmentalists , a second ministry official said . 
The Nasdaq composite leaped 7.52 points , or 1.6 % , to 470.80 . 
In Europe , the Rothschilds banks are focusing on mergers and acquisitions as European industry restructures ahead of 1992 . 
Allan Meltzer , a Carnegie-Mellon University economist , noted that the Fed 's record included the longest , most sustained , peacetime inflation in our history , dating from either 1966 or 1967 to 1989 . 
Oh yes , the Atlantic was also pushed back 300 yards . 
Earlier rate reductions in Texas and California reduced the quarter 's revenue and operating profit $ 55 million ; a year earlier , operating profit in telephone operations was reduced by a similar amount as a result of a provision for a reorganization . 
He succeeds Alvin A. McCall in the position . 
`` For short-term gains , people were willing to put up with him . 
But he does say that all of his activities have been `` entirely proper . '' 
Lawyers remain divided about whether anything is wrong with all this . 
Stores such as Sears that sell big-ticket durable goods might actually get a boost as consumers rush to replace items lost in the disasters , he said . 
The FASB since then has issued 102 rules , and some still rile industry . 
`` But we hope to keep a balance between the office and the family . '' 
Dealers said there was late talk of a Whitbread sale of brewing operations to Scottish & Newcastle . 
The failure of the Saab talks `` makes it even more crucial for { Ford } to be victorious '' in the Jaguar contest , said Stephen Reitman , European auto industry analyst at UBS-Phillips & Drew in London . 
A spokesman said the plant , which will replace older lubricant and grease manufacturing plants in Montreal and Toronto , will cost about 50 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 42.5 million ) to build . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
In the first nine months of 1989 , Nixdorf said , sales rose 5 % amid good growth in selected areas such as banks and trading companies . 
He will concentrate on , among others , J.P. Morgan and Hyundai . 
Burger King , which breaks thousands of fresh eggs each morning , is quietly switching over to an alternative egg product made by Michael Foods . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
A breakdown showed that food prices were the most active part of growth with a rise of 0.6 % . 
If Mr. McDonough has his way , the Poles will compensate for the trade center 's emissions of carbon dioxide , a prime suspect in the global atmospheric warming many scientists fear . 
The Army headquarters on the third deck of the Pentagon used to burn a lot of incense to him , but the Navy headquarters on the fourth deck made them stop it . 
For the six months ended Sept. 30 , Daiwa reported unconsolidated ( parent company ) net income of 79.03 billion yen ( $ 556.5 million ) on revenue of 332.38 billion yen ( $ 2.34 billion ) . 
This can have its purposes at times , but there 's no reason to cloud the importance and allure of Western concepts of freedom and justice . 
Warner obviously does n't think that it is in its own interests to let Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters go off to Columbia . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
`` The percentage of your day spent twiddling your thumbs got greater , and the work day kept getting longer . 
Chairman Thomas S. Murphy cited Capital Cities ' nine daily newspapers in explaining most of the gain . 
The number one proposal for reducing crime in the New York survey was to put more police on foot or scooter patrol , suggested by more than two-thirds of the respondents . 
Currency analysts predict that in the coming week the foreign exchange market will shift its focus back to economic fundamentals , keeping a close eye out for any signs of monetary easing by U.S. Federal Reserve . 
At Winnebago , sales for the quarter fell 6 % to $ 89.5 million from $ 95.4 million a year earlier . 
Sotheby 's vice president Diana Levitt says the auction house has been `` assisting '' Mr. Paul in selling the paintings . 
The comptroller 's office says it is `` monitoring the situation . '' 
In a first step , Dresdner Bank will buy 32.99 % of BIP for 1,015 French francs ( $ 162 ) a share , or 528 million francs ( $ 84.7 million ) . 
Privately , exchange officials worry that without a hospitable system for program trading at the Big Board , billions of dollars in trading will simply migrate to overseas exchanges such as London 's . 
`` The Japanese take the long view . '' said Mr. Veronis . 
It also could be a drag on Georgia-Pacific earnings because the roughly $ 1.5 billion in goodwill -- the amount by which the bid exceeds Nekoosa 's book value of $ 1.5 billion -- will have to be subtracted from earnings over a period of decades . 
`` People 's ability to drive throughout the bay area is greatly restricted , '' said a spokesman for the American Automobile Association . 
For just as the Arabs were in the 1960s , the farmers of Sidhpur are on the brink of global power and fame . 
Aluminum shipments of 329,600 metric tons were nearly equal to the year-earlier period , the company said . 
Nine states have introduced bills requiring that workers and customers be made aware of monitoring . 
Still , the incident was embarrassing . 
`` In reality it 's very volatile , but the movements are not because of market movements . 
Dr. Leigh Thompson , a Lilly group vice president , said the company 's clinical trials of both its animal and human-based insulins indicated no difference in the level of hypoglycemia between users of either product . 
Occupational-Urgent Care Health fell 1 3\/4 to 15 1\/2 on 354,000 shares . 
Foresight 
`` I ate a bad tuna sandwich , got food poisoning and had to have a shot in my shoulder , '' he says , making it too painful to row . 
4:30 a.m . 
Mrs. Glaser , who is a co-founder of the Pediatric AIDS Foundation , based in Santa Monica , Calif. , condemned neither bureaucratic nor corporate foot-dragging . 
Tuesday , October 31 , 1989 
He 's got a wife and two kids and a house in the suburbs ; the audience sees only the house , and only near the end of the movie . 
Hurricane Hugo accounted for about $ 36 million in pretax third-quarter losses , net of reinsurance recoveries . 
The true budgetary cost of a credit subsidy is the discounted value of the net costs to government . 
Overall , 12 % of consumers are n't brand loyal for any of the 25 product categories . 
However , the lower prices these retail chains are now expected to bring should make it easier for managers to raise the necessary capital and pay back the resulting debt . 
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full-sized vans . 
The recent appearance of aflatoxin in such foods as corn and peanut butter has sparked public concern and consumer scrutiny of food handling and storage procedures . 
`` Depending on the president , we could either be a trillion-dollar economy by the end of the century or stay where we are , '' says political scientist Amaury de Souza . 
Two such actions , both filed earlier this year in Georgia state court in Atlanta , could be particularly embarrassing to the industry : both name J. Chandler Peterson , an Atlanta financial planner who is a founder and past chairman of the IAFP , as defendant . 
`` It 's hard to see how an investment by the largest { cable operator } in the weaker of the two networks is anti-competitive , when the stronger of the two networks is owned by the second largest '' cable operator , Mr. Kern said . 
British Airways said its shareholders accepted only 6.3 % of the convertible capital bonds , but that the rest of the issue will be taken up by underwriters . 
It plans to sell 1,700 units in 1989 . 
After discovering that the hacker had taken over the dormant account of a legitimate user named Joe Sventek , he rigged up an alarm system , including a portable beeper , to alert him when Sventek came on the line . 
So the scramble is on for lighter crudes globally , and for natural gas in the U.S. . 
So two weeks ago , thousands of Brooks Brothers charge customers -- customers conditioned to wait for twice-yearly clearance sales -- got a surprise : an invitation to come in and buy any one item for 25 % off . 
For 1988 , BellSouth earned $ 1.7 billion , or $ 3.51 a share , on revenue of $ 13.6 billion . 
A Guinness spokesman declined to comment . 
In anticipation of that shift , he and other analysts are encouraging their clients to buy such issues now . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
A Ministry of International Trade and Industry official said that a study found that Japan 's annual economic growth rate would eventually be only 0.8 % if carbon-dioxide emissions remained at this year 's level of 300 million tons . 
A permanent smoking ban on virtually all domestic airline routes won approval from the House , which separately sent to President Bush a nearly $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 bill including the first construction funds for the space station . 
DIASONICS INC. , South San Francisco , maker of magnetic resonance imaging equipment , annual sales of $ 281 million , Amex , had minor damage , mostly in a stockroom . 
During the four-day promotion , shoppers at the Short Hills , N.J. , store lined up to pay for big-ticket items like coats and suits . 
Mr. Lodge , 48 years old , a former finance executive at Singer Sewing Machine Co. and Celanese Corp. , succeeds Francis L. Brophy , 64 , who plans to retire from the company next year . 
Kia is reportedly also considering such a plan . 
'' His answer reveals his vulnerability -- it also draws the line that Soviet society must cross to enter the normal dialogue of Western culture . 
With the Hewlett-Packard program , he said , `` You get more bang for the buck you 've spent on computers . '' 
The trust also will receive $ 75 million a year starting in 1991 on a bond it holds from Manville . 
( Storer also took $ 125 million of junior SCI TV bonds as partial payment for the TV assets . ) 
Guns were never used : Each man was stabbed to death with a large knife . 
`` I do n't think the checks are worth $ 15 apiece , '' he says . 
Donald Iverson , chairman , says he hopes the company can eventually get up to half of its revenue from commercial markets . 
Some may be tempted to argue that the idea of a strategic review merely resurrects the infamous Zero-Based Budgeting ( ZBB ) concept of the Carter administration . 
For the 12 months ended in September , this index was up 5.1 % . 
For the nine months , Los Angeles-based H.F. Ahmanson had profit of $ 128.1 million , or $ 1.29 a share , a 4.6 % decline from earnings of $ 134.2 million in the year-ago nine months . 
But in the end his resignation as Chancellor of the Exchequer may be a good thing , especially if it works as he no doubt intends -- by forcing Prime Minister Thatcher and her counterparts elsewhere to confront the genuine intellectual issues involved . 
Before its shares were suspended from trading , Qintex Australia plunged to 16 Australian cents ( 12 U.S. cents ) a share yesterday from 33 Australian cents Friday . 
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said . 
Taken together , the auto-sales and durable-goods reports confirmed perceptions that the economy is bogging down . 
`` I do not support federal funding for abortions except where the mother 's life is threatened , '' he proclaimed , and finally vetoed the measure last weekend . 
GM , Ford and Chrysler have already cut fourth-quarter U.S. output plans an estimated 15 % from 1988 levels . 
Normally , Sotheby 's would have earned 20 % of the total in commissions . 
The communication Mr. Lee brought represents the softer line the U.S. has been hoping to hear from Chinese officials since the June 4 massacre of pro-democracy demonstrators in Beijing . 
`` When the economy loses a big portion of its work force that also happens to include its most productive members , economic growth is bound to be affected , '' says Anthong Wong , an economist with Hang Seng Bank . 
`` They were willing to mistreat us because we had n't shown any moxie , any resistance , '' says William Queenan , a DC-10 pilot and 14-year Federal veteran . 
Still , the school says there are an ample number and pay is up to $ 7.20 an hour from $ 6.90 last year . 
Same store-sales for Kentucky Fried Chicken , which has struggled with increased competition in the fast-food chicken market and a lack of new products , rose only 1 % . 
He added that , while there has n't been any official announcement as yet , the Highland Valley mine strike in British Columbia , which has lasted more than three months , is regarded as settled . 
The individual voter 's standing consequently will be enhanced through lower taxes . 
Mr. Bush is reserving the right in `` rare '' instances to keep Congress in the dark , asserting a constitutional prerogative the committee does n't recognize . 
This seems to be the season for revivals in Chicago . 
The trust is considering a sale of its Manville holdings , but Manville has the right of first refusal on any sales of its stock held by the trust . 
The company previously said that the recent acquisition of Mobile Communications Corp. of America would dilute 1989 earnings by about 3 % . 
The cut in the dividend to 10 cents a share semiannually , from 20 cents , `` would indicate to me they do n't see the problems being fixed real quick , '' said Frank Rolfes , an analyst at Dain Bosworth Inc. in Minneapolis . 
After 25 years in city politics , David Dinkins remains an enigma . 
Revenue grew almost 8 % to $ 301.9 million from $ 279.8 million last year . 
The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older from July 7 to July 15 , 1989 . 
This legislative activity comes as both sides are undertaking new mobilization efforts , plunging into gubernatorial races in Virginia and New Jersey , and girding for next autumn 's state elections . 
The split and quarterly dividend will be payable Jan. 3 to stock of record Nov. 16 , the company said . 
Hospitals companies , meanwhile , are reporting improved earnings . 
But our education proceeded at the hands of those others , who were merely competent and conscientious . 
Factory output dropped 0.2 % , its first decline since February , after having been unchanged in October . 
To keep him quiet we invent a new unified command every year or so run by the Army or the Air Force and put more of the Navy and Marines under it . 
Mr. Cohen , the Drexel general counsel , said , `` I do n't think , as we say in investment banking , that ` by the end of the day ' we 'll be losing any licenses . '' 
Fujisawa continued to attract investors because of strong earning prospects stemming from a new immune control agent . 
The oil refiner said it will report fiscal fourth quarter and 1989 results next week . 
Undeterred by such words of caution , corporate America is flocking to Moscow , lured by a huge untapped market and Mikhail Gorbachev 's attempt to overhaul the Soviet economy . 
But British Airways withdrew from the UAL labor-management buy-out plan last Friday , after the group failed to get bank financing for its $ 6.79 billion buy-out . 
Until that happens , glasnost can not begin to deserve the kind of credibility Mr. Shevardnadze was bidding for with his confessions on Monday . 
`` Teddy Z , '' which centers on a mailroom clerk-turned agent at a Hollywood talent agency , was scheduled in the coveted 9:30 p.m. slot to follow `` Murphy Brown , '' a situation comedy about a television news magazine , starring Candice Bergen . 
But traders said the junk bond market increasingly is separating into a top-tier group , in which trades can be executed easily , and a larger group of lower-quality bonds in which liquidity -- or the ability to trade without too much difficulty -- has steadily deteriorated this year . 
He was brought to the company in September 1988 after 15 years at Los Angeles-based First Interstate Bancorp . 
Serial bonds were priced to yield to 6.75 % in 2000 . 
When you think of the words `` risk '' and `` investment , '' what 's the specific peril that comes to mind ? 
The finance unit , GMAC , said net fell 3.1 % , but EDS 's profit rose 16 % . 
Such dignity `` has to do crucially with a butler 's ability not to abandon the professional being he inhabits . '' 
But Mr. Guber figured that Warner Communications Inc. chairman Steven Ross , would empathize and let the producers go , knowing the Sony offer was `` the culmination of a life 's work . '' 
`` We would certainly like to have a major white-spirits brand in our portfolio . '' 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
But the witness , William Crawford , California 's chief state thrift regulator , denies saying that . 
The danger that Ms. Bogart seems to be courting here is one of obfuscation rather than rejuvenation , a vision so at odds with the playwright 's that the two points of view nullify , rather than illuminate , each other . 
Analysts say the handful of hospital companies that are still publicly traded are benefiting from several trends . 
Instead it 's a form of `` enhanced rescission , '' giving a President a chance to rescind , or strike , specific spending items that just go too far . 
Mitsui & Co. said it started a joint venture with Dae Woong Chemical Co. , a major pharmaceutical manufacturer in South Korea , to manufacture antibiotic medicines . 
What Mr. Major and Mrs. Thatcher will do now remains to be seen . 
Serial bonds were priced to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.10 % in 2002 . 
GM 's car sales dropped 24.8 % in mid-October to 69,980 , while truck sales fell 26 % to 37,860 . 
Writes Bilanz : `` No one in Switzerland ever came so far so fast ... 
Shares closed lower in other major Asian and Pacific markets , including Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Wellington , Seoul and Manila . 
During the 1984 Summer Games , for example , ABC touted `` Call to Glory , '' but the military drama was missing in action within weeks . 
D&B defines a business failure as a company that closes with losses to creditors . 
An incinerator is also probably better than having nobody next door -- on our farm there are four unoccupied houses . 
Documents filed by prosecutors also indicate that Mr. Lavelle and his fellow conspirators requested and obtained `` approval of the scheme '' from more-senior Sperry officials `` because the payment which { Mr . } Tomlin requested was so large . '' 
`` That gives futures traders a lot more power . '' 
Unable to get a new law through a congress with a strong leftist bloc , Mexico jury-rigged the existing law 's regulations . 
When traders become confident that the stock market has stabilized , oil prices are expected to rise as supply and demand fundamentals once again become the major consideration . 
We do n't think this will affect that . '' 
In addition , he says , publishing the names of lawyers who are facing charges unnecessarily subjects them to public derogation . 
Those officials say there was full disclosure of the risks in a `` fact sheet '' sent to all CD investors with their confirmation of sale . 
The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position . 
`` This is fun , '' asserted Susan Del Signore , head equity trader at Travelers Investment Management Co . 
Though he nominally supports both programs , Mr. Bush has n't been a passionate champion of either cause , as Mr. Reagan was . 
Mr. Goodson , in his own statement , was less upbeat , saying `` unfortunately over the past few years , it has become increasingly clear that Ralph and I have different agendas , '' and that he feels `` more comfortable with a management team whose sole interest and responsibility is in the Goodson papers . 
Its profits , unlike Phibro 's , soared over the next two years , and had it held out , Salomon could have gotten an even bigger bundle . 
The plan calls for the company to buy back 2,250,000 shares , which reflects a 3-for-2 stock split this year . 
Tomoshige Kakita , senior deputy manager in the treasury department of Mitsui Bank Ltd. in Tokyo , suggested that uncertainty about U.S. stocks and bonds has made Japanese investors leery of holding those securities in the near term , thus damping dollar demand . 
Mr. Taylor , a 36-year-old state senator from Bay St. Louis , won 65 % of the vote in a district that has voted Republican in the past five presidential elections and that was once represented by Republican U.S. Sen. Trent Lott . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , the units closed at $ 15.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
While the industrial average rallied on Monday following last Friday 's collapse , the OTC market , which did n't suffer too badly during the correction , tumbled . 
Wall Street has n't gotten that far yet , but it has made a promising start . 
`` The ad campaign is meant to contemporize the thought of National Geographic , '' she says . 
Ms. Hall expects Cathay 's profit to grow around 13 % annually this year and next . 
Harsco produces products for defense , industrial , commercial and construction markets . 
Today 's presses are large and costly machines , and a few orders can produce a high total for one month that does n't necessarily indicate a trend . 
Ms. Applebaum had estimated third-quarter earnings of 55 cents a share , but said the losses for the unusual items were larger than expected . 
To compare temperatures over the past 10,000 years , researchers analyzed the changes in concentrations of two forms of oxygen . 
With a Twist of the Wrist Boys with tops , and Frisbee tossers , And P.R. types with bees in their bonnet , Have a goal in common , all of them try To put the right spin on it . 
The secretary is the world 's biggest borrower of money . 
A run-up in world oil prices last winter sent consumer prices soaring at a 6.7 % annual rate in the first five months of this year , but the subsequent decline in energy prices has pulled the annual rate back down to 4.4 % . 
Schwinn Bicycle Co. , Chicago , established joint ventures with bike companies in mainland China and Hungary to sell bikes . 
Suddenly the woman begins swaying and then writhing . 
In that announcement , TVS also said it was trimming production finance and hiring a new U.S. sales manager . 
Schering-Plough 
Bargain hunters helped stock prices break a weeklong losing streak while bond prices and the dollar inched higher . 
Los Angeles financier Marvin Davis , who put United in play with a $ 5.4 billion bid two months ago , last night proffered both a ray of hope and an extra element of uncertainty by saying he remains interested in acquiring UAL . 
Slick graphics , pre-tested for effectiveness , also play a major role in Litigation Sciences ' operation . 
Security at a typical Haagen inner-city center is impressive , but unobtrusive . 
There will be recreation and movie rooms . 
Stratus Computer , which reported earnings late Friday that were in line with a disappointing forecast , eased 3\/4 to 24 on 816,000 shares . 
In 1988 , the company earned $ 822.8 million , or $ 5.66 a share , on sales of $ 12.49 billion . 
Neal Litvack , marketing vice president for Fidelity Investments , said inflows Friday into Fidelity 's Spartan and Cash Reserves money-market funds were about twice normal levels , with about half coming from equity and junk-bond funds . 
Louise McNamee , Della Femina 's president , will continue running the U.S. agency day-to-day . 
Last year , only 8 % were expecting a recession . 
At that time , tasks were assigned strictly on the basis of seniority . 
WASHINGTON LIES LOW after the stock market 's roller-coaster ride . 
But as you may know , things are not going well for Violetta . 
In July unfilled orders grew 1 % . 
His theme is unity , decency , humanity , bringing New York together again . 
The censorship is enforced through terrorism and assassination . 
Ms. Bettner covers personal finance from The Wall Street Journal 's Los Angeles bureau . 
Mr. Schwarz , who is president of U.S. Trust , will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer , 42 , who is executive vice president in charge of the company 's asset-management group . 
We are willing to share the political burden of being host to America , an imperial power . 
Two days earlier , his attorney met in a Park Avenue law office with a cartoon dealer who expected to sell 44 of the most important stolen strips to Mr. Russell for $ 62,800 . 
`` After more than 200 years , something new has happened to pencils , '' said Arthur D. Little in a 1974 report that publicly described the previously secret item . 
The company increased its loan loss reserve to $ 354 million from $ 342 million at the end of the second quarter . 
For instance , a CD-type annuity from North American Co. for Life & Health Insurance , Chicago , offers 8.8 % interest for one year or a 9 % rate for two years . 
In the 1970s , Mr. Brody helped develop the first display panels based on active-matrix liquid crystals at Westinghouse Electric Corp. 's research labs in Pittsburgh . 
It 's not clear which crew of communists might prevail in a coalition government , but the one good bet is that the non-communists would disappear . 
In its notice of action , the attorney general said the company had promised to put clients into `` balanced '' investment portfolios ; instead , the attorney general alleged , the company consistently shoved unwary customers into high-risk investments in paintings , coins and Florida condos . 
Operating profit for the abrasives , engineering materials and petroleum services concern was $ 19.2 million , or 91 cents a share , up 3 % from $ 18.7 million , or 87 cents a share . 
He last made waves when he dared to defend an Indian girl who had been adopted by non-Indian parents off her reservation . 
But that is not the same as saying that the Federal Reserve has other objectives . 
It invests primarily in tax-exempt municipal securities . 
April 26 , 1988 : 
Foreign traders also say many of China 's big infrastructural projects have been canceled or postponed because of the squeeze on domestic and foreign credit . 
A Generale spokesman confirmed that the giant Belgian holding company would be willing to raise its stake in AG should a raider seek control . 
Merger Fallout : Beware Employee Dishonesty 
It turned out their children had been dialing a `` sex fantasy '' service in the U.S. . 
One thing 's for sure : There have been a ton of them , and greater beings than the editors of the National Enquirer have shown interest . 
Why ca n't we teach our children to read , write and reckon ? 
Resolution Funding Corp. to sell $ 4.5 billion 30-year bonds . 
AT&T predicted strong growth in demand for such products . 
The company said earnings would have increased if it had n't been actively repurchasing its shares , thus increasing its interest expense and reducing its interest income . 
Gary Straub , corporate counsel for the company , said the directors sold for `` personal financial reasons . '' 
It has about 12.3 million shares outstanding . 
Net in the latest period included $ 11.9 million from discontinued operations and a charge of $ 6.2 million from a plant closing . 
The announcement came after the market 's close . 
Tuesday 's earthquake will depress local real-estate values in the short term and force companies to reconsider expanding in or relocating to the Bay Area and California , real-estate and relocation specialists said . 
`` Many scholars are of the opinion that the mere existence of the penalty deters many people from the commission of capital crimes , '' says Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R. , Utah ) . 
Harken also said that its financing from Bankers Trust Co. has been extended until Dec. 15 to give Tesoro 's board time to consider the offer at a Tesoro board meeting scheduled for mid-November . 
Although stocks have led bonds this week , some traders predict that relationship will reverse during the next few weeks . 
Among other changes , the White House wants to : 
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities . 
Crude prices spurted upward in brisk trading on the assumption that heavy earthquake damage occurred to San Francisco area refinery complexes , but the rise quickly fizzled when it became apparent that oil operations were n't severely curtailed . 
His base in South Jersey and on the House Energy and Commerce Committee helped him sustain a network of political-action committees to preserve his edge . 
And it calculates how often the words appear in the story compared with how often they appear in the entire data base . 
The company has n't been able to come up with a reorganization plan , in part , because of the sizable disagreement with the pension agency . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
For the nine months , net -- including profit from discontinued operations both years and in 1988 an extraordinary charge of $ 17.7 million related to settlement of a lawsuit -- was $ 170.6 million , or $ 4.54 a share , up 5.8 % from $ 161.3 million , or $ 4.32 a share , a year ago . 
The problem is so vast that we need to try innovative solutions -- in small-scale experiments . 
I 'm going to have to get another job this year just to eat . '' 
The New York Stock Exchange said a seat sold for $ 436,000 , down $ 39,000 from the previous sale Oct. 4 . 
He wants to see steelmakers more involved in computers and artificial intelligence . 
They believe the media , including `` Batibot , '' have played a crucial role . 
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism . 
The bills are dated Oct. 31 and mature Dec. 21 , 1989 . 
Mr. Miller , who has been a Coda director , also was named chief executive officer , succeeding Ted Eubank , who remains president and chief operating officer . 
If the LDP , as currently composed , ca n't make the transformation , then it should split into two parties . 
Some younger pilots say they have had to endure anti-union harangues by senior pilots while flying across the country . 
Early in the day , bond dealers said trading volume was heavy as large institutional investors scrambled to buy long-term Treasury bonds on speculation that the stock market 's volatility would lead to a `` flight-to-quality '' rally . 
Searle , a unit of Monsanto Co. , said the `` beta-blocker '' high-blood-pressure drug Kerlone is the first product to reach the market through Lorex Pharmaceuticals , the U.S. company jointly owned by Searle and Synthelabo , a French pharmaceutical concern owned by France 's L'Oreal S.A . 
`` Sometimes , '' he says , `` we 'll pull someone off the phones for more training . '' 
At the same time , moves toward tighter air-quality standards are spurring interest in lighter or alternative fuels that do n't pollute as much as fuel refined from `` heavy '' crudes , generally high in sulfur . 
On an office wall of the Senate intelligence committee hangs a quote from Chairman David Boren , `` Do n't hold your ticket 'til the show 's over . '' 
U.S. terrorism experts also say they are highly uncertain about the veracity of the separate documents leaked to the New York Times . 
Traders said the thin trading volume points to continued uncertainty by most investors following last Monday 's record 13 % loss . 
At the Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. stand , Mrs. Nelson Rockefeller , a board member , offered him a soy burger . 
In addition , a handful of paintings from the Dorrance collection remain to be sold at Sotheby 's annual old masters paintings auction in January . 
The McLean , Va. , company modifies computers to keep sensitive military data out of unfriendly hands . 
Callable on March 31 , 1992 , at 109 , also beginning Sept. 30 , 1992 , from 101 1\/2 and declining half a point semiannually to par . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Phillips Petroleum shares fell $ 1.125 to $ 23.125 . 
Mr. Hardis said truck-fleet operators appear to be cautious about buying new trucks until they see how the economy behaves . 
`` At a certain price , if the management thinks { the stock } is cheap , they can go in and buy it . '' 
Seventeen percent reported their customers being robbed . 
Amazing what it does to one 's heart rate and one 's short-term memory . 
Worse , it remained to a well-meaning but naive president of the United States to administer the final infamy upon those who fought and died in Vietnam . 
Westridge Capital is an index fund -- the type of stolid long-term investor whose goal is to be nothing more than average . 
Index arbitrage , Mr. Carpenter said last week , does n't have a `` negative impact on the market as a whole '' and Kidder 's customers were `` sophisticated '' enough to know that . 
`` Obviously , we got a lot more smoke than fire from the people who told us the market was n't so risky , '' says Bradford Cornell , professor of finance at University of California 's Anderson Graduate School of Management in Los Angeles . 
`` Neither is going to back down easily . '' 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Sterling was trading at $ 1.5805 , down from $ 1.5820 late Monday . 
Re-enactments have been used successfully for several seasons on such syndicated `` tabloid TV '' shows as `` A Current Affair , '' which is produced by the Fox Broadcasting Co. unit of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp . 
Conner 's performance is closely tied to the burgeoning demand for battery-operated computers , the computer industry 's fastest-growing segment . 
The politics of the 1990 congressional authorization are likely to be similar to those of previous authorizations . 
The crash in October 1987 and last Friday 's sell-off painfully taught some investors exactly what stop orders will and wo n't do . 
`` I was convinced that what was true of retinoblastoma would be true for all cancers . '' 
Despite some early computer-guided program buying , the Nasdaq composite fell 1.39 to 451.37 . 
Four years ago , she was managing a film-processing shop and was totally bored . 
Born-again Christians are the most visible targets of unscrupulous do-gooder investment pitches . 
LIT Holdings shares plummeted 36 pence to close at 54 pence ( 85 cents ) , a 40 % drop , on London 's stock exchange . 
Greece and Turkey , for example , are suspected of overstating their arsenals in hopes that they can emerge from the arms-reduction treaty with large remaining forces to deter each other . 
The executive said that the anticipated earnings increase is fairly modest because Nissan is spending heavily to bolster its dealership network in Japan and because of currency-exchange fluctuations . 
`` You see some improvement in these other areas , but it 's a very small and slow process . '' 
`` Batman '' alone has racked up more than $ 247 million in box-office receipts to date , making it Warner Bros . ' largest grossing film ever . 
Tuesday 's notable losers were highpriced shares such as Pioneer , which shed 210 yen to 5,900 yen . 
His 1988 salary was $ 575,000 , with a $ 575,000 bonus . 
A battle is raging in Venice over plans to have the 1,200-year-old Italian city be the site for a universal exposition in 2000 . 
These days he hustles to house-painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics . 
`` On the other hand , we have economic news that is { expected to be } relatively positive for the bond market . 
And I will never again complain about a rainout . 
Mr. DaPuzzo also complained that the sharp swings in stock prices lately is scaring away retail and foreign investors . 
Sansui , he said , is a perfect fit for Polly Peck 's electronics operations , which make televisions , videocassette recorders , microwaves and other products on an `` original equipment maker '' basis for sale under other companies ' brand names . 
Such a change meant the reorganization plan the creditors had agreed on was no longer valid , and the two sides had to begin negotiating again . 
Mr. Lee added that the Filipinos are `` making it very difficult '' for the U.S. military presence to last beyond five or 10 years . 
Ocean Drilling & Exploration Co. will sell its contract-drilling business , and took a $ 50.9 million loss from discontinued operations in the third quarter because of the planned sale . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : Prices closed lower after trading in relatively narrow ranges because of strong selling in the cash market and continued favorable harvest weather . 
She was in her most radiant , expressive voice . 
Hoses and plastics together account for about 42 % of Trinova 's total annual sales . 
This market teaches us to be humble . '' 
Mayhap this metaphorical connection made the BPC Fine Arts Committee think she had a literal green thumb . 
`` Foothills wants to make it clear to other pipeline companies that it 's on first insofar as transporting gas from the Arctic to southern markets , '' Mr. Hillary said . 
At St. Louis-based General Dynamics , sales rose 10 % to $ 2.52 billion from $ 2.29 billion . 
Elsewhere in the group , General Re rose 2 3\/4 to 86 1\/2 , American International Group gained 3 1\/4 to 102 5\/8 , Aetna Life & Casualty added 2 3\/8 to 59 1\/2 and Cigna advanced 7\/8 to 62 1\/2 . 
And indeed , as he later reported , that was the import of the meeting . 
The bank had been suffering in late 1987 from a slew of bad real estate loans made in Arizona . 
Officials at the University of Virginia Art Museum certainly would agree . 
For small companies , he says , interest rates are far more important than what happens on stock exchanges . 
`` On balance , we think it will be positive . '' 
The State Bank 's move is part of a drive to iron out exchange-rate discrepancies as Moscow moves toward making the ruble convertible -- a goal that Soviet bankers and economists say is still far away . 
`` For example , Warner made more than $ 100 million from filmed entertainment in three months . 
Offsetting the lower stake in Lyondell were higher crude oil prices , increased natural gas volumes and higher coke prices , the company said . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 \* 
Results for that quarter included a $ 30 million , or 40 cents a share , write-down associated with the consolidation of a facility . 
`` People should remember their money is n't all or nothing -- they do n't need to be shopping for the one interest-rate-type investment and putting all their money in it , '' says Bethesda , Md. , adviser Karen Schaeffer . 
Only at the moment of maximum roll did I grasp what was going on . 
`` Disclosures are very poor in India . '' 
Hewlett-Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock `` to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . '' 
Mr. Krenz almost certainly will be a younger version of Erich Honecker , his rigid predecessor as dictator . 
`` It 's part of the capitalistic market system that equity can be bought and equity is bought , '' he said . 
Raymond James & Associates in St. Petersburg , Fla. , lowered its third-quarter earnings estimate for the company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
Turns out that next year , Charlie Brown , Snoopy and the gang turn 40 -- and Scripps Howard 's United Media unit , the syndicator and licensing agent for Charles Schulz 's comic strip , sees a bonanza in licensing the cartoon characters to a bevy of advertisers for ads , tie-ins and promotions . 
Call it anecdotal if you will . 
HOMESTEAD FINANCIAL CORP. , Millbrae , financial services concern , annual revenue of $ 562 million , OTC , said three of its 17 Bay-area branches were closed yesterday . 
World-wide consumer product sales declined 12 % , primarily because of the European cosmetics sale . 
`` It 's a vicious circle , '' says Art Modell , owner of the Cleveland Browns . 
The lawyers went to work anyway , duly noting that the proceeding was taking place during a major earthquake . 
The latest 10-year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday . 
In the late 1970s and early 1980s , lenders and developers poured money into office buildings , condominiums and massive tracts of raw desert land , confident that Arizona 's population would grow at annual rates of 4 % to 6 % for years to come . 
SharesBase Corp. said it will reduce its 221-person work force by about 25 % , effective tomorrow , in an effort to stem continuing losses . 
Last year 's figure was down from 13.4 % in 1987 and marked the fifth consecutive annual decline in the poverty rate . 
They say investors will favor companies that historically have posted annual earnings growth of 15 % to 20 % . 
`` We are not trying to encourage everyone . '' 
Though I agree with many of Mr. Kageyama 's comments , I believe he points the gun in the wrong direction : It is n't the Americans who must be criticized for not understanding the Japanese culture , but the Japanese who insist on forcing their culture on Americans . 
Among the big stock funds , Dreyfus Fund , with more than $ 2 billion in assets , had a decline of just 1.49 % for the week and a return of 21.42 % for the year . 
Smaller liquor companies , such as Brown-Forman Corp. and American Brands Inc. of the U.S. , also are likely to be interested . 
The most active shares were major blue-chips , particularly oils and utilities such as British Gas and British Telecommunications . 
The Nasdaq 100 Index began the day at 449.89 , lost 2 % at one point , and was up 0.4 % at another . 
Shearson 's application is the first since the Taiwan Securities and Exchange Commission announced June 21 that it would allow foreign brokerage firms to do business in that country . 
Bids totaling $ 475 million were submitted . 
And other developers may shift from commercial to residential development in the U.S. . 
We think this is a superior deal to McCaw 's . 
Bay , which has substantial investments in the floundering Massachusetts market , reported a loss of $ 62 million , or $ 15.97 a share , for the fiscal year ended June 30 . 
For one thing , credit-card loans are unsecured . 
Because the exchange 's computer was rerouting orders to the exchange 's trading operations in Los Angeles , `` business is as usual '' Mr. Vyas said . 
International Business Machines Corp. said its board approved the purchase of $ 1 billion of its common shares , a move that should help support its battered stock . 
It said the reduced dividend reflects the low price for precious metals . 
Massachusetts -- Approximately $ 230 million of general bonds , consolidated loan of 1989 , Series D , via competitive bid . 
`` Why should anybody want to sell to them ? '' 
Separately , for the first nine months , Soo Line reported a loss of $ 398,000 , or four cents a share , compared with net income of $ 12.5 million , or $ 1.32 a share , a year earlier . 
For one thing , Ms. Shere can draw on her cookbook , published by Random House four years ago , which is teeming with recipes for such specialties as kiwi sherbet , gooseberry fool ( a creamy dish made with crushed stewed berries ) and hazelnut `` oeufs a la neige . '' 
But with inflation raging , grain in the barn will still be a safer bet for the private farmer than money in the bank . 
In this second LBO , KKR with one hand took more than $ 1 billion of cash out of the TV company 's assets and moved it into the Storer cable operations , making them more valuable in a 1988 sale . 
`` Barry felt very committed . 
By that key measure of operating efficiency , BankAmerica turned in a better performance than its well-regarded Los Angeles-based competitor , Security Pacific Corp. , which posted a 0.89 % return in the third quarter . 
Scrap merchants are converting smaller quantities of metal into silver , while low prices are discouraging exports from India and the Soviet Union . 
9.87 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Last month , Ford announced plans to acquire as much as 15 % of Jaguar . 
With our schedule , it 's hard to sleep well knowing what is going to happen the next day '' . 
Sen. Dole also said he hoped for unanimous support for a resolution he plans to offer tomorrow denouncing the Nicaraguan leader . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , the company closed yesterday at $ 57.125 a share , up $ 3.125 . 
In addition , an unusually wide array of federal agencies moved to provide specialized assistance . 
( In billions of U.S. dollars , not seasonally adjusted ) 
Ultimately , he says , strong demand could help to drive down interest rates on mortgage securities . 
Appropriations committees have used an assortment of devices to disguise as much as $ 1 billion in spending , and as critics have awakened to these devices , the bill can seem like a wounded caribou trying to make it past ice and wolves to reach safer winter grazing . 
The FBI initially showed little interest , and he had the impression other federal security agencies were tangled up in legal red tape . 
The venture cost Quebecor $ 12 million , Mr. Peladeau says . 
I will be the first to agree that there is much to be found wrong with modern movie making . 
The limited partners include insurance companies , financial institutions and individual investors . 
It will be financed by advertisements from U.S. companies and by simultaneous publication of an English-language journal containing details of Soviet medical advancements . 
Mr. Packwood all but conceded defeat , telling Mr. Mitchell : `` I sense at this stage you may have the votes . '' 
Maryland Community Development Administration , Department of Housing and Community Development -- $ 80 million of single-family program bonds , 1989 4th and 5th Series , via a Merrill Lynch group . 
FDIC Chairman Seidman said that Lincoln Savings & Loan of California should have been seized in 1986 to contain losses he estimated will cost taxpayers as much as $ 2 billion . 
Calisto Tanzi , Odeon 's owner , will retain his 23.34 % stake . 
If I could ever feel I 've contributed to it in some way , then all the hard work has been worth it . '' 
Michael Eskridge , president of CNBC , said that although there will be a studio audience , viewers will no longer have to endure the shouting of `` Mort ! Mort ! Mort ! '' 
Nearly three-fourths of the people who own home exercise equipment do n't use it as much as they planned , according to The Wall Street Journal 's `` American Way of Buying '' survey . 
Led by a near-perfect performance by Alan Wilder as Max , the father , the play is at once an appalling and hilarious dissection of a family 's rage , bitterness , fear and isolation . 
Warner , which is in the process of merging with Time Warner Inc. , says it is willing to settle the matter out of court . 
If she remains influential with Mr. Dinkins , as some suggest she will , his mayoralty may take on a more anti-development flavor . 
Computer Sciences Corp. , El Segundo , Calif. , said it is close to making final an agreement to buy Cleveland Consulting Associates from Saatchi & Saatchi 
In addition , Delmed , which makes and sells a dialysis solution used in treating kidney diseases , said negotiations about pricing had collapsed between it and a major distributor , National Medical Care Inc . 
A lot of big European banks , mostly French , and Swiss arb accounts have been buying the stock just to flip it '' for a quick profit , he said . 
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto . 
The revenue will be regained in the current period , he added . 
Says Mr. Steidtmann : `` I 'm looking for a bi-polar Christmas . '' 
Government Insurance Office of New South Wales ( agency ) -- 
But Clark flied out to short right field and Mitchell 's drive to left was caught on the warning track by Rickey Henderson as 62,000 sets of lungs exhaled as one . 
Cairo 's spirited squalor also has gone gray . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Contel closed at $ 33.75 a share , down .50 cents . 
The return of pro-investment tax breaks such as those for capital gains and IRAs `` creates more of a mood or a mindset that is helpful for getting better depreciation ( write-offs ) or investment credits , '' says Paul Huard , a vice president for the National Association of Manufacturers . 
He says Digital will target faster-growing market segments such as on-line transaction processing , which includes retail-sales tracking , airline reservations and bank-teller networks . 
Woolworth said it expects to expand usage of the MCI services as it adds about 6,000 business locations over the next few years . 
But even though by some estimates it might cost the world as much as $ 100 billion between now and the year 2000 to convert to other coolants , foaming agents and solvents and to redesign equipment for these less efficient substitutes , the Montreal Protocol 's legions of supporters say it is worth it . 
It scared brokers , but most survived . 
The legislation also includes a lower `` training wage '' for new workers who are teen-agers . 
MacMillan Bloedel , a Vancouver , British Columbia , forest products concern , said the 8.1 % loan is due Oct. 16 , 1996 . 
As expected , the longer-term tax-exempt New York bonds had yields nearly as high as those on taxable long-term Treasury bonds . 
And the relationship between Qintex Entertainment and the Australian company appears to be quickly deteriorating . 
Ray Garrett Jr. , SEC chairman , said the `` breadth and depth of the discounting is more than I expected . '' 
Unless otherwise specified in a particular offer , the bonds wo n't be subject to redemption prior to maturity . 
The 13-week and 27-week bills will be issued tomorrow rather than Thursday , Nov. 2 , as originally planned . 
Coniston said it would pursue `` various financing alternatives . '' 
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment . 
Mr. Smith , 50 years old , was formerly responsible for advanced materials , which include plastic composites and alloys , in North America only . 
The trend is making advocates of the tax cut less optimistic about success . 
The losers will be those with the least attractive products , and many of them , analysts think , will be foreign companies . 
The Allianz statement also reinforced the belief that the takeover battle could be a long one . 
The administration 's concerns are understandable . 
Hiroshima last week held an auction to pick the contractor , expecting to pay about 11 million yen for the project . 
And the risks are n't appropriate for us , '' he says . 
Instead , the Dunde ice-core record shows increasing temperatures from 1900 through the early 1950s , decreasing temperatures from the late 1950s through the mid-1970s , then higher temperatures again through last year . 
Insurance companies are rushing to sell before the end of the year , when some of their tax benefits associated with municipal bonds will be phased out . 
The series is scheduled to resume Tuesday evening in San Francisco . 
According to East Germany 's ADN news agency , Mr. Krenz spoke to Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev by telephone over the weekend and acknowledged East Germany could learn from Moscow 's glasnost policies . 
South Africa 's current account surplus swelled to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of between five billion and six billion rand ( $ 1.9 billion and $ 2.28 billion ) in the third quarter , Reserve Bank Governor Chris Stals said . 
There 's even a special fare for clergy that does n't require the usual stay over Saturday night . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Chemical earnings declined by one-third to $ 120 million last year 's robust levels . 
Illinois Company Investments had been trimming its ranks until last summer . 
`` It 's like fighting your way out of a fog . 
( By comparison , German domestic stock volume in Frankfurt only doubled that day . ) 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
I think it 's a little disingenuous to be surprised that Fidel does n't invite the U.S. State Department to violate the jurisdiction of the Cuban government over its own territory . 
The oil company claims that Alaskan officials prevented Exxon from spraying dispersant onto the almost 11 million gallons of oil dumped when one of its tankers ran into an underwater reef . 
The repurchase , coupled with an earlier buyback , will reduce the firm 's shares outstanding by over 26 % . 
For the week , the industrial average gained 119.88 points , or 4.7 % , the biggest weekly point advance ever and a better than 50 % rebound from the 190.58 point loss the industrial average logged Oct. 13 . 
For the nine months , AMR 's net rose 15 % to $ 415.9 million , or $ 6.59 a share , from $ 360.1 million , or $ 5.99 a share . 
Pretax profit in the latest year climbed to # 187.1 million ( $ 297.1 million ) from # 146.3 million ( $ 232.3 million ) . 
If you bought , you wish you had n't , and if you sold , you wish you had n't . '' 
U.S. interests occasionally try to impose barriers to the import of another important Colombian export -- cut flowers -- into the American market . 
The prices of most livestock futures contracts had dropped sharply Monday . 
Also late last week , UAL flight attendants agreed to participate with the pilots in crafting a revised offer . 
Concerned for her state of mind , I dropped them -- and the market instantly began its steady climb back to health . 
Georgia Gulf Corp. , hurt by declining sales and falling chemical prices , said third-quarter earnings fell 13 % to $ 46.1 million from $ 53.1 million in the year-earlier period . 
A Genentech spokeswoman said the agreement calls for Hoechst to promote TPA for heart patients and streptokinase for other clot-reducing purposes . 
Lion Nathan and PepsiCola Australia , a unit of PepsiCo Inc. of the U.S. , did n't say why Cadbury Schweppes will no longer hold the franchise . 
The rise resulted from the transfer to non-accrual status of $ 96 million `` owed by two national borrowers and one local commercial real-estate customer , '' First Fidelity said . 
S.A. Brewing Holdings Ltd. began laying the groundwork to launch a rival offer for Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. 's Australian brewing operations . 
Yet it is also axiomatic that the power to create new crimes belongs only to the legislature , and not to courts . 
Because of standardized designs , Mr. Hovnanian says , `` a buyer can visualize Society Hill regardless of where it is . '' 
Sea Containers said the offer will proceed after the Bermuda Supreme Court lifts or modifies an interim injunction restraining the company from buying its shares . 
Otherwise , the scene remained Celimene 's house in 1666 . 
The availability of timely assistance -- of a backstop -- can help markets retain their resilience . 
When the jolt is timed just right , the subjects do n't recall seeing the first group of letters . 
The new breed of team owner , Mr. Jones included , has been fighting the NFL bureaucracy for a greater say in league affairs , and the battle has produced a form of organizational gridlock . 
`` This is a change in the social fabric of medicine , '' he says . 
Serial bonds are priced to yield to 7 % in 1999 . 
This includes $ 4.6 billion of long-term debt , $ 457.5 million in short-term debt , and $ 95.7 million of the current portion of long-term debt . 
American Enterprise Institute scholar Norman Ornstein in the Oct. 21 TV Guide on `` What TV News Does n't Report About Congress -- and Should '' : 
By combining his strengths in innovation and quality control with the lower costs of production abroad , he says he has been able to produce high-quality goods at low cost . 
He already has achieved vertical integration on a limited scale : Quebecor can put a weekly newspaper on almost any Quebec doorstep without using outside help , from chopping down the tree to making the newsprint to flinging it up onto the porch . 
The Command 's huge bureaucracy is needed to analyze whether leaders of coups against Gen. Noriega meet the War Powers Act 's six points , Cap Weinberger 's seven points , the Intelligence Committee 's 32 points and Woodrow Wilson 's 14 points necessary to justify U.S. support . 
The new closed-end management investment company trades shares of beneficial interest . 
The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet , but sales of the cars are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34.2 % early this month . 
Put option March 31 , 1992 , at 107 3\/4 to yield a fixed 3.52 % . 
First Boston 's estimates had been higher before management supplied a 1989 projection . 
Under Chapter 11 , a company operates under protection from creditors ' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay debts . 
Under new rules , many of the country 's pubs would become `` free houses , '' selling beers of their choice . 
Private-sector leaders praised the Conasupo restructuring . 
A White House spokesman said that while Bush would n't alter a longstanding ban on such involvement , `` there 's a clarification needed '' on its interpretation . 
One of the first people to come to the Deaver home after his troubles erupted was former Nixon aide John Ehrlichman , whom Mr. Deaver scarcely knew . 
Current rules permit investors to put up less cash for futures than for stocks . 
The transaction , for cash and stock , would represent the biggest European takeover since 1980 for New York-based Marsh & McLennan , the world 's largest insurance broker . 
`` As one of China 's provinces , Taiwan has no right to join GATT on its own , '' Foreign Ministry spokesman Li Zhaoxing said . 
For example , China 's hard-currency income is expected to suffer from the big drop in tourist arrivals since June 4 . 
Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there . 
It is inhumane to imply that a poor , unemployed woman can not receive immediate relief for her family at fair prices because she does not have as much to protect as a rich family . 
But , they caution , conservative investors would do well to sell into the strength . 
`` Before , they were interested in hard assets and they saw magazines as soft . 
It 's hard to generalize , but age seems to be the best predictor . 
The opening show featured a secretary of defense designate accused of womanizing ( a la John Tower ) . 
The first two GAF trials were watched closely on Wall Street because they were considered to be important tests of the government 's ability to convince a jury of allegations stemming from its insider-trading investigations . 
Had the case gone to trial the same issues would have surfaced : 
Many in Washington say President Bush will have to raise taxes to pay for his war on drugs . 
Medicine in the 19th century was dedicated mostly to combating sepsis and diagnostic analysis . 
Other active stocks included Jaguar , whose American depositary receipts added 1\/8 to 11 1\/4 . 
Treasury bonds fell sharply on confusion about this week 's Treasury debt auction and rumors that a major Japanese investor was unloading large amounts of long-term bonds . 
For all of this year 's explosive run-up in stock prices , Renaissance Investment Management Inc. 's computer sat on the sidelines . 
This sort of improved link figures to eventually become a significant weapon for some companies . 
Under the compromise , the $ 4.25 level would be reached nine months earlier , while the training subminimum would be shorter , unless it is tied to a training plan . 
In the second year , workers would receive a 3 % wage boost and a 3 % bonus , followed by a 3 % increase without a bonus in the third year . 
A senior citizen between 62 and 70 saves 70 % off regular coach fare . 
Enviropact said the proceeds will be used as working capital for expansion and to pay its existing tax liability of about $ 1.5 million that was due Sept. 15 . 
New Hyundai Campaign 
Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co. expects a 30 % decline in earnings between now and 1991 for `` commodity-oriented '' paper companies , which account for the majority of the industry . 
The court ordered FERC to justify within 60 days not only its cost-sharing deadline , but other major elements of its proposed regulation for introducing more competition into natural-gas transportation . 
For the nine months , Gillette 's net income declined 1 % to $ 205.3 million , or $ 2.02 a share , from $ 207 million , or $ 1.82 a share , in the 1988 period . 
Mr. Lothson of PaineWebber said the company 's sales pace has been picking up largely because the effect of unfavorable exchange rates has been easing -- a pattern continuing this quarter . 
Six-month and oneyear yields were unchanged , on average . 
Offices of the city 's Rent Board were destroyed . 
A French Crusader crash a few months ago heightened pressure for new planes here . 
Many of us are suckers . 
`` I 'm done in two minutes . '' 
`` It looks like a holiday . 
UAL fell $ 6.25 a share to $ 191.75 on volume of 2.3 million shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange as concern deepened among takeover stock traders about the length of time it will take to revive the purchase . 
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company . 
However , inflation for 1990 was seen slowing to 4.5 % . 
The park also has emergency centers where specially trained employees would go to coordinate evacuation and rescue plans using walkie-talkies , cellular phones , and a public-address system . 
`` There has been a tremendous increase '' in MMI positions , Mr. Selkin said . 
California 's insurance commissioner does n't hold hearings on acquisition applications . 
In addition to Backer Spielvogel Bates , a Saatchi unit that has handled the account since 1970 , the other agencies include Lowe Marschalk , a unit of the Lowe Group ; Grey Advertising ; and WPP Group 's Scali , McCabe , Sloves agency . 
Most analysts had expected the government to report a 4 % decline . 
The bill vetoed by the president in June , which the House failed to override , would have lifted the minimum wage to $ 4.55 an hour by late 1991 , with a training wage for up to two months , generally for a worker 's first job . 
KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL , Oakland , metal and chemical maker , annual sales of $ 2.22 billion , had slight structural damage to its 28-story headquarters building and employees stayed home yesterday to allow crews to clean up . 
Knight-Ridder would n't comment on the offer . 
Royal Business Group Inc. said it filed suit in federal court here charging Realist Inc. and its directors with violating federal securities laws `` by engaging in a scheme to prevent '' Royal from acquiring Realist . 
Sales increased 11.9 % to 279.39 billion yen from 249.68 billion yen . 
`` If you 're for paying the claims ... I do n't know how anyone can oppose this . '' 
In the end , is Mr. Noriega the political equivalent of Frankenstein 's monster , created by a well-intentioned but misguided foreign power ? 
Terms include a royalty arrangement , but details were n't disclosed . 
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general-practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women . 
Other retail properties for sale include Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field , retailers now owned by B.A.T PLC , the British tobacco conglomerate . 
President Bush says he will name Donald E. Kirkendall to the new Treasury post of inspector general , which has responsibilities for the IRS ... . 
On some occasions when Mr. Dinkins has discussed the issues during the campaign , he has run into a familiar kind of trouble . 
According to figures from the International Air Transport Association , they carried a combined 1.8 million tons of freight last year . 
The field is currently being developed and is slated to start production by the end of the year . 
A frozen mountaintop in Tibet may offer an important clue about whether the Earth is warming perilously . 
This expected blow has cast a pall over the economy 's prospects . 
Mrs. Gandhi had been assassinated by separatist Sikhs , and many Indians feared their country might split apart . 
The rapidly flashing return signals from excited hydrogen atoms in the blood give a `` stop-motion '' movie of the blood-filled vessel , ( like the `` stop-motion '' seen in disco dancers when a strobe light is flashing ) . 
A private farmer never wastes anything . '' 
The issue , formally titled MNB Home Equity Loan Asset Backed Certificates , Series 1989 , will represent interest in a trust fund of home equity revolving credit line loans originated by the retail finance division of Maryland National Bank and secured primarily by second deeds of trust or second mortgages on single to four-family residential properties . 
The `` Guildford Four , '' three Irishmen and an Englishwoman , have been imprisoned since 1975 . 
Many farmers , too removed to glean psyllium 's new sparkle in the West , have decided to plant mustard , fennel , cumin , fenugreek or castor-oil seeds . 
Now , following asset sales that shrank revenue by more than one-third this year alone , Control Data is flush with cash . 
Gasoline terminals were also largely unhurt , they said . 
After the SEC study of the drop is completed , he said , `` I 'm perfectly happy to work with this committee ... in identifying whether we need other devices , '' such as a program-trading curb . 
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods . 
More than 10,000 demonstrators had called for free elections and the resignation of Communist Party leader Milos Jakes . 
The first meeting yesterday was with 10 Senate Democrats who have expressed an interest in cutting the tax . 
It was the most active of the 100-share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday . 
The fund , with a cash cushion of more than 10 % , has `` met all the redemptions without having to sell one thing , '' Mr. Litvack says . 
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once-sacred workout . 
The use of 900 toll numbers has been expanding rapidly in recent years . 
`` There was no loan , there is no loan , there never shall be a loan , '' the judge wrote the bank on his judicial stationery , according to the report . 
The purchases increased his stake to 16.2 % of the shares outstanding . 
Nausea seems a commonplace symptom . 
At 18,000 feet , he says , he and his co-pilot `` were looking for an interstate or a cornfield '' to land . 
Shares closed sharply higher in London in the year 's thinnest volume Monday , supported largely by a technical bounce after last week 's sharp declines . 
The laptops are not revolutionary and , indeed , are tardy in a market first opened by GRiD Systems Corp. , now a unit of Tandy Corp. , almost two years ago . 
Corporate profits may also dip initially . 
Revenue rose 7.6 % to $ 12.97 billion from $ 12.05 billion . 
`` Atlanta , '' Mr. Savageau sniffs , `` has unrealistic pretensions to world-class status . '' 
Democrats argue that Costa Rica deserves more assistance for the same reason that Mr. Bush is attending the celebration this weekend : to reward the country for its stability in a region wracked with turmoil and for its efforts to promote peace in Nicaragua . 
Second , the responsibilities of the Federal Reserve as guardian of the currency , which means as guardian of the stability of the price level , sometimes lead it to take measures that are unpopular . 
`` You can be wicked , but not foolish , '' says Mr. Mankiewicz . 
On the hungry streets of Naguib Mahfouz 's Cairo , life is nasty , brutish and wickedly entertaining . 
Still , Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the lead sponsor of the Republican capital-gains amendment , predicted that the tax cut would be enacted this year . 
Treasury-bond prices immediately rallied , setting the stock market rolling from the opening bell . 
His contract makes him `` exclusive '' spokesman for Sears 's home improvement marketing campaigns . 
Silver 's history of volatility is also discouraging investors , dealers say . 
Rising export sales also contributed to strong growth , Nikon added . 
Nonsense ! 
But proponents believe they may be able to shake enough votes loose to override the veto if they are successful in portraying the legislation as a matter of parents ' rights . 
The refinancing is part of the TVA 's strategy of dealing with what has been an intractable problem : its staggering $ 18.5 billion debt , most of which is owed to the Treasury Department 's Federal Financing Bank . 
Cineplex Odeon Corp. directors said the company 's chairman and chief executive , Garth Drabinsky , is considering bidding 780.6 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 666 million ) to acquire the company . 
`` It turned out we could n't sell it , '' a Canadian Pacific official said , adding that acquiring the remainder of Soo Line is now `` the best way to rationalize operations . '' 
For its future strategy , Columbia officials said the thrift may branch out into commercial lending or managing outside investments , as well as beefing up more traditional thrift activities . 
Ship lines operating in the Pacific plan to raise rates on containers carrying U.S. exports to Asia about 10 % , effective next April . 
Mr. Mingo was hospitalized Sept. 23 and died Monday , according to Samuel J. Chisholm , the agency 's president and chief operating officer . 
`` They 'll go from being one of the most leveraged to one of the least leveraged casino companies , '' said Daniel Lee , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
The supercomputer , which lists for $ 18.5 million , will be installed in the first quarter of 1990 in the meteorological office 's headquarters in Bracknell , England . 
`` We do n't feel we can use { the devices } routinely in surgery yet , but we 're getting close , '' says Dr. Levy , who is now with the University of Pittsburgh . 
For 48 hours , no one had any idea precisely how much his securities were worth . 
Mr. Runkel declined to speculate on whether the guidelines would curb racketeering prosecutions against corporate defendants . 
-- The banks will threaten not to make further loans , but in truth , lacking the capital to write off their mistakes or to build a navy , they have no alternative but to go along . 
So far , though , there have been no allegations that the contributions the LDP members received amounted to bribes . 
A BroadBeach spokeswoman said the company sold the stock in the open market and thus could n't identify the buyer or buyers . 
Final approval came on a simple voice vote in the Senate , and the swift passage contrasted with months of negotiations over the underlying bill which is laced with special-interest provisions for both members and the executive branch . 
Ms. Terry did say the fund 's recent performance `` illustrates what happens in a leveraged product '' when the market does n't cooperate . 
But only 6 % to 7 % of the investors were committing more than half their funds to either of those alternatives . 
This maker and marketer of cartridge tape systems said it completed the sale of 2.85 million shares of common priced at $ 10 a share in an initial public offering . 
Eagle 's plastic type sharpens and looks like a wooden pencil . 
In addition to a large amount of investment trust fund cash , analysts generally see the market environment improving compared with the past couple of weeks . 
The system could be used in a fire or earthquake to locate problems , among other things . 
But some anti-smoking activists disagree , expressing anger at what they see as the company 's attempt to purchase innocence by association . 
It would be entirely rational for communist insurgents in countries such as the Philippines or Peru to conclude the following : Fight viciously enough and the U.S. , under the banner of pragmatism , might eventually help negotiate your way to victory . 
`` It took away the need to know the bad third-quarter report of IBM , for example , '' Mr. Kegler says . 
Nonetheless , Chairman Roger W. Johnson said he expects the company to be profitable in the current quarter . 
This includes a working capital facility for Allied Stores of $ 350 million that matures March 15 , 1990 , and an $ 800 million bridge loan due April 30 , 1990 . 
Not that oil suddenly is a sure thing again . 
Elected to Congress in 1978 , the 48-year-old Mr. Courter is part of a generation of young conservatives who were once very much in the lead of the rightward shift under Mr. Reagan . 
We 've actually read the speech . 
Aer Rianta already has so many ventures with Aeroflot that its chief executive is studying Russian . 
Depositary shares are convertible into common stock on a 1-to-1 basis . 
TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. led the percentage decliners , dropping to 59 shares from 183,467 . 
Many troubled properties have n't been foreclosed on and are hard to identify , says Albert I. Berger , who heads the Secaucus , N.J. , office of Helmsley-Spear Inc. , a real estate brokerage . 
The timing was perfect . 
He called the battle `` uphill . '' 
Under current law , it is not financially rational to forgo consumption . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Yesterday 's major economic news -- a 0.2 % rise in the September index of leading economic indicators -- had little impact on financial markets . 
The August gap was expected to have expanded to $ 9.1 billion . 
The peril of unlimited liability looms large for a number of them now . 
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever . 
The spinoff should solve a problem for the parent . 
Unisys Corp. received a $ 24.4 million Air Force contract for computer programming . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Champion 's shares rose 25 cents to $ 32.125 . 
Trifari now trains sales help to advise customers on the best earring styles . 
`` The Caterpillar people are n't too happy when they see their equipment used like that , '' shrugs Mr. George . 
For the latest fiscal year , the company 's net income jumped a robust 19 % to 35.5 billion yen ( $ 250.2 million ) . 
About two-thirds of the Well 's 3,000 subscribers live in the Bay Area . 
But `` safe , '' in the definition of Marie Bass of the Reproductive Health Technologies Project , means `` there 's been no evidence so far of mortality . '' 
Caldwell Butler , a conservative former congressman , was barred from a Legal Services post , after he gave wrong answers on abortion . 
The former U.S. attorney , who prosecuted targets ranging from Mafia dons to Wall Street executives , has succeeded in raising questions about Mr. Dinkins 's ethical standards , but so far has failed to generate excitement about his own candidacy . 
As part of the quake recovery effort , the city Building Department has surveyed about 3,000 buildings , including all of the Financial District 's high-rises . 
Let me immediately put limits to whatever nostalgic notions that may intimate . 
`` These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , '' he said . 
The Sandinistas of Nicaragua , for example , also are part of the Castro-Medellin cartel nexus . 
And one of our charges is to be an ombudsman for our area . 
At Backer Spielvogel , Mr. Spielvogel 's hallmark has been personal involvement with all major clients . 
Mr. M'Bow was an extreme case , but even his replacement , the more personally genial Spanish biochemist Federico Mayor , has had little success at achieving reforms . 
And when Mr. Engelken asked him why he took time off from work for somebody he did n't even know , Bobby Thomson replied : `` You know , Albert , if you have the chance in life to make somebody this happy , you have an obligation to do it . '' 
`` We want the bold programs of market development and political freedom in Hungary and in Poland to succeed . 
But ultimately he was undone by forces unleashed by his own comrade , Mr. Gorbachev . 
But a lower bid could face rejection by the UAL board . 
At the auction of six-month U.S. Treasury bills on Monday , the average yield fell to 7.61 % from 7.82 % . 
`` I 'm ecstatic about the change , '' said Mr. Vila , whose new syndicated program is called `` Home Again with Bob Vila . '' 
`` The trappings of success go a long way -- wearing the right clothes , doing the right things , '' says Paul Andreassen , an associate professor of psychology at Harvard . 
Most of them do n't last for long , but in the meantime all we can do is tell people they are n't connected with us , '' says a spokeswoman for the American Heart Association . 
Many industry analysts had been projecting a 3 % decline in placements for the quarter . 
The vast majority of them , however , were wiped out by a succession of environmental upheavals that were too sudden and catastrophic for the normal rules of natural selection to operate . 
`` Everything , '' one non-`` Moonie '' senior consultant to the Unification Church recently told me in an interview , `` is going back to Korea and Japan . '' 
The company earned $ 66 million , or $ 1.19 a share , on revenue of $ 2.1 billion in the year-ago fourth quarter . 
Testifying before a panel of the House Banking Committee , Mr. Greenspan said the short-term value of the dollar on foreign-exchange markets is n't the primary policy focus of the central bank . 
Lincoln 's treatment by former thrift regulators , in an agency disbanded by the new law , has proved embarrassing for five senators who received thousands of dollars in campaign contributions from Mr. Keating . 
But Mr. Lagnado predicted the regional trends would continue through Christmas . 
`` I 'd love it if my daughter had something else to do here , '' says Ms. Cokely , watching seven-year-old Kristin on the water slide at the Strip 's Wet 'n' Wild water park . 
President Roh Tae Woo 's administration has been studying the real-estate crisis for the past year with an eye to partial land redistribution . 
The drop is particularly large for white males , although black males and white and black women also show lower mortality rates . 
Tomorrow , the October purchasing managers report is due and on Thursday comes October chain-store sales . 
Overall OTC insurance issues were mixed . 
There are the supply-side globalists , who seek to spread the advantages of a common currency through fixed exchange rates . 
The bank acquiesced . 
The company said losses from the Oct. 17 earthquake in California have n't yet been determined , but that it provides earthquake coverage to about 1,400 properties in the stricken area . 
After various adjustments , they produced a 0.5 % rise in the index for August and a 0.2 % rise for September . 
Analog Devices Inc. said it may purchase as many as one million of its common shares over the next several months . 
They pay interest only for 115 months , with principal payments beginning thereafter . 
The current vaccine for whooping cough , or pertussis , is part of the `` DPT '' ( for diphtheria , pertussis , tetanus ) shot given most infants and young children . 
However , Bond Corp. said the tax benefits remain available and might be used later . 
Here are a few of their answers : -- `` They say that I am a student-athlete , but really I 'm an athlete-student . 
Convex Computer Corp. , continuing its rapid growth while other computer companies falter , reported an 87 % increase in third-quarter net income from a year earlier and a 50 % increase in revenue . 
Mr. Bush and his aides were accused of responding too slowly after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker split open in Alaskan waters and Hurricane Hugo struck the Carolina coast , and they clearly do n't want a repeat of those charges now . 
`` There 's still room for boutique properties , '' says James Barrett , president of MarCor Resorts Inc . 
Advertising agencies and other service companies are exempt from city and state sales tax in most locales -- but the exemption comes at a price of exhaustive records and rigorous reviews . 
Eastern at the time disputed those assessments and called the experts ' report `` completely off base . '' 
Within weeks the unfolding Iran-Contra scandal took away Mr. Noriega 's insurance policy . 
The future of the forest remains uncertain . 
Enserch had offered one-half a share of its common and $ 1 in cash for each unit . 
Perhaps even the American apologists will now accede . 
Because of Tuesday 's earthquake in Northern California , company officials could n't immediately be reached for additional comment . 
By repeatedly drawing the jury 's attention to the arm , the defense lawyers planted doubt about the origin of the woman 's injuries . 
The most obvious pitch , of course , is the lure of big returns . 
On Sept. 13 , Japan began a policy of screening boat people , accepting only those deemed to be political refugees . 
Mr. Lee also reported to the president that , in a separate meeting , Communist Party chief Jiang Zemin said the Chinese leadership `` looked kindly on the students who took part in the demonstrations . '' 
Many of these programs no longer exist , or have been severely cut back . 
`` It was a healthy cleansing , '' says Michael Holland , who runs Salomon Brothers Asset Management in New York . 
Another factor to consider : Some of the companies currently earning very high yields are doing so through substantial investment in junk bonds , and you know how nervous the market has been about those lately . 
Mr. Waggoner has been involved in a dispute with the board since August , when he ousted all the directors . 
THE NATION'S carriers also provide discounts to Red Cross workers , retired military personnel and medical students . 
After letting aluminum-makers take the recycling lead , a group of the nation 's largest steelmakers started a recycling institute to promote steel cans to an environmentally conscious nation . 
For that matter , those long ago identified as liars are still given respectful hearings in the press . 
`` From a public health point of view we 're relieved because hepatitis A is rarely life-threatening , '' said Dr. Frank Provato , GTE 's medical director . 
He believes that the volatile conditions created by program trading has `` thoroughly confused '' investors about where the market is headed . 
Chairman Krebs says the California pension fund is getting a bargain price that would n't have been offered to others . 
IF CONTINENTAL Airlines has its way , couples like Marlo Thomas and Phil Donahue may find it a hassle to qualify for some new discounts . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Mattel said the company 's sale of rights to land and buildings at its Hawthorne , Calif. , headquarters resulted in a $ 13 million charge to third-quarter operating profit . 
Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the company said export log and lumber markets will be weak , while panel and plywood markets will be stronger . 
In the aftermath of the California earthquake , President Bush and his aides flew into a whirlwind of earthquake-related activity yesterday morning . 
First Executive Corp. said about 96 % of the rights to purchase its depositary shares and warrants have been exercised . 
`` You can find some good , quality companies over the counter , '' but investors should be selective , says John Palicka , chief portfolio manager at Midco Investors , a Newark , N.J. , money management company with about $ 900 million invested in growth stocks of varying sizes . 
For all six million workers under major collective bargaining agreements , regardless of when they were signed , wage increases in the first nine months of 1989 averaged 2.5 % -- including cost-of-living adjustments . 
Mobil is preparing to slash its work force in the U.S. , possibly as soon as next month , sources said . 
In appealing to those with a bit of larceny in their hearts , the fraud artist can insist that a person keep an investment secret -- insulating himself from being discovered and keeping his victim from consulting with others . 
The House action yesterday came as the Senate remained mired in difficulties over a $ 17.25 billion measure covering the budgets for the State , Commerce , and Justice departments in fiscal 1990 . 
One major factor was the decline of the dollar against the mark , which began less than a year after Merkur 's 1985 launch . 
Holly Stark , a vice president who heads the trading desk at Dillon Read Capital Corp. , said that once she figured out the Quotron numbers were wrong , she called brokers to tell them . 
However , less optimistic attorneys warned that because of the tangle of numerous defendants and plaintiffs with overlapping claims , there is always the possibility that the talks will again fall apart . 
`` It 's back to tax-give-away time for the select few , '' says Rep. William Gray of Pennsylvania , the third-ranking Democrat in the House . 
But if the genes are damaged -- perhaps by radiation , a chemical or through a chance accident in cell division -- their growth-suppressing proteins no longer work , and cells normally under control turn malignant . 
Coopers uses the Coopers & Lybrand name world-wide . 
Mr. Ittleson is executive , special projects , at CIT Group Holdings Inc. , which is controlled by Manufacturers Hanover Corp . 
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said . 
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . '' 
State and city officials are still negotiating with developers to renovate historic theaters and build and operate a merchandise mart and hotel . 
In addition , competition has glutted the market with both skins and coats , driving prices down . 
Experience has shown that the most important element in predicting a housing-loan default is the down payment . 
Warnaco also owns Warners , another major intimate apparel maker . 
Its cash and liquid securities fell by $ 338 million in the first six months of 1989 . 
Fundamental fairness and a sense of responsibility lead us to share operating efficiencies with our customers . '' 
The revision follows last month 's withdrawal of a $ 400 million junk-bond offering for the new casino company , Aztar Corp . 
Business is n't any better on the provincial or municipal level , foreign traders say . 
Canadian steel production totaled 290,541 metric tons in the week ended Oct. 21 , a 5.1 % increase from 276,334 tons the previous week but a 7.2 % decline from 313,125 tons a year earlier , Statistics Canada said . 
`` On days that I 'm really busy , '' says Ms. Foster , who works in public relations for the company , `` it seems decadent to take time off for a massage . '' 
Closed End Bond Funds 
An adept bicyclist can leap from a dead stop to the top of a picnic table without losing balance . 
For the full fiscal year , Varian posted a 13 % profit rise to $ 31.5 million , or $ 1.53 a share , up from $ 27.8 million , or $ 1.27 a share , last year . 
In major market activity : 
Villages like Zalubice exist in a desert of poor schools and few doctors . 
Despite the big increases in health-care costs , wages still account for a far greater share of overall labor costs . 
`` But it has n't increased much relative to other assets . 
Officials said 91 companies from 14 countries , including the U.S. , had displays , down from about 260 firms from more than 20 countries at the last show in 
Punching away , we raised what I still think were all the right issues and landed more than one hard blow , but at the end of the affair , there was just the tiniest nagging worry that we had been aiming at the wrong target . 
`` Seems to '' because it 's possible that the CIA and the National Security Agency were more interested than they let on to Mr. Stoll . 
In one of the first indoor air-pollution cases to go to trial , a state-court jury decided in favor of the defendant , Burlington Industries Inc . 
While claiming that penalties , legal fees and interest have driven the value of its claim to more than $ 250 million , Minpeco has agreed to settle for an allowed claim of as much as $ 65.7 million . 
Companies planning to go public `` are definitely taking a second look , '' says Allen Hadhazy , senior analyst at the Institute for Econometric Research , Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , which publishes the New Issues newsletter on IPOs . 
Baker 's art was jazz only by the widest stretch of the term . 
Thomas M. Bloch , president and chief operating officer , says `` I would disagree '' that the tax business is mature . 
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary . 
That plan would provide a 30 % exclusion to assets sold over a 2 1\/2-year period ending Dec. 31 , 1991 . 
`` People my age thought it was n't going to be an issue . 
The Republicans show no sign of relenting . 
He also leads an opulent life style . 
Auto insurance rates are soaring . 
`` My name is judge , '' Judge O'Kicki told a car salesman in Ebensburg when he bought a new red Pontiac Sunbird in October 1984 , according to the grand-jury report . 
`` The affluent people and the corporations can buy it , the poor radicals { in political cases } get it free , and everybody in between is at a disadvantage , and that 's not the kind of system we want , '' says Amitai Etzioni , a prominent sociologist who teaches at George Washington University . 
`` The events strengthen London 's hand in becoming the center for trading European stocks , '' Mr. Gilchrist says . 
`` The public is very close to having had it , '' Mr. Jenks says . 
The company , which is retaining most of its wine and all of its soft-drink interests , did n't break out results for the businesses it plans to sell . 
Abortion alone ca n't explain this shift , but New Jersey is a model of how so personal an issue can become a baseline of sorts in judging a candidate . 
Trying to manage exchange rates to some desired level , he said , `` would mean diverting monetary and fiscal policies from their customary roles and thereby risking excessive inflation and unemployment and inadequate capital formation . '' 
Unfortunately , his mother had tickets for a recital by Itzhak Perlman the same night , and she was adamant about his attending . 
This was the version of supply-side economics that , in the late 1970s and early '80s , worked in America and world-wide to solve a far more serious stagflation than afflicts Britain today . 
Adding to the junk market 's jitters were reports that Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. is having trouble structuring a $ 1.6 billion offering for TW Food Services Inc. and will postpone or even cancel the issue . 
Citicorp yesterday reported a 9 % third-quarter earnings drop , which analysts called a bit disappointing , while Manufacturers Hanover Corp. posted a $ 789 million loss for the quarter after adding $ 950 million to its reserve for loans to less-developed countries . 
`` When you reach a point where a policy-making body is trying to shape administrative decisions , then that 's a no-no in my book , '' the Texas lawmaker says . 
Kellwood said Gabriel Hakim Sr. , president of Crowntuft , will continue to head Crowntuft 's management group . 
But the compounded effects of `` seniors only '' taxes result in truly catastrophic marginal tax rates . 
The federal government initiative follows a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision that held that the major telephone companies in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba and in the Atlantic coast provinces were interprovincial undertakings and subject to federal legislative authority . 
The companies running the disaster ads certainly do n't see themselves as ambulance chasers , either . 
The resulting haunted house tends to reward followership , not leadership , it creates guilt about wearing the uniform , and raises doubt about having the will to fulfill the ghosts ' role , i.e. , to be able to win if called on . 
The agents will make more than routine inquiries about such items as marital status and dependents ; they want to look at living standards and business assets . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 100 17\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 3\/32 to yield 7.97 % . 
An estimated $ 321 million is provided to maintain the program , but Mr. Rudman also succeeded in attaching language seeking to curb the authority of the current board until new members are confirmed . 
More seriously , FmHA has carried several billion dollars of defaulted loans at face value . 
This summer , the industry introduced a `` kids fly free '' program , in which children were allowed to fly free if they were traveling with an adult . 
When a caller reaches Telelawyer by dialing 900-TELELAW , a receptionist refers the call to one of six attorneys . 
`` You people here think this is Russian music , '' she said with disdain , and called over to the waitress : `` Could you turn it off ? '' 
Especially galling for Mr. Steinhardt , say people close to him , is that USAir 's Mr. Colodny wo n't even take his telephone calls . 
One was so fantastic in appearance , it was dubbed Hallucigenia . 
The case went on appeal to the Second Circuit . 
Half the amount that the investment tables suggest might be a good goal , he adds . 
Their protest was ignored . 
The complaint alleges that the price is `` unfair and grossly inadequate '' and that the defendants are seeking to ensure a `` lockup '' of the purchase of Unitel , thereby discouraging other bids . 
The company said the quarter included a 10 % increase in local-exchange usage for long-distance calling and a 5 % increase in the number of access lines in service . 
`` It 's madness -- that in an hour you can whack off so much value , '' says Stanford Calderwood , chairman of Trinity Investment Management Corp. , Boston . 
After one of the most amazing debates we 've ever seen on the cable channel C-SPAN , the House voted 250 to 170 on Wednesday to order $ 28.4 million in spending for a New Jersey arts center , a Michigan library and 38 other pet projects out of the same discretionary fund that was supposed to have been so abused during Sam Pierce 's tenure . 
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation . 
At the same time , investors estimate the restructuring would cut the company 's annual cash interest bill from about $ 90 million to $ 85 million . 
BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB Co . ( New York ) -- 
He blames the indictment on local political feuding , unhappiness with his aggressive efforts to clear the courthouse 's docket and a vendetta by state investigators and prosecutors angered by some of his rulings against them . 
Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death-penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital-punishment defense team . 
`` When the fruit is ripe , it falls from the tree by itself , '' he says . 
Here were more than 70,000 ANC supporters , gathering for the first ANC rally inside South Africa since the black liberation movement was banned in 1960 . 
This year alone , inventories at the Commodity Exchange of New York jumped `` by a staggering 46 million to 221 million ounces '' because of producer deliveries , de-stocking by fabricators and sales by disenchanted investors , says Rhona O'Connell , London-based precious metals analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
Insiders have been selling shares in Dun & Bradstreet Corp. , the huge credit-information concern . 
`` Carr told Kodak on many occasions to avoid various features because of Polaroid 's patent positions , '' and Kodak followed his advice in every instance , Mr. Crary said . 
At least half that growth will have come in the past three years alone . 
`` The fundamentals are pretty strong , '' Mr. Dreman says . 
BellSouth Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John L. Clendenin said three factors accounted for the drop in third-quarter earnings . 
`` I accept the resolution of the matter by the Ethics Committee , '' he said . 
The news has n't exactly moved others in Mr. McDonough 's profession to become architectural Johnny Appleseeds . 
A National Guard job assumed by Capt. Noriega in 1964 -- as chief of the transit police in David City , capital of the Chiriqui Province -- was tailor-made for an aspiring super-spy . 
The crowning moment in the career of Joseph F. O'Kicki came as 300 local and state dignitaries packed into his elegant , marble-columned courtroom here last year for his swearing in as President Judge of Cambria County . 
Yet a bill tailored to the interests of a single individual passed Congress with almost unimaginable speed , before the judicial process had run its course , and , indeed , while the Morgan case was awaiting a ruling by the appellate court . 
That `` business '' risk is very significant for an investor with only a few stocks , but it virtually disappears in a large and well-diversified portfolio . 
Flanked by flight attendants , pilots and gate agents dressed in spiffy new blue uniforms , they said Eastern has exceeded its operational goals and is filling its seats . 
`` For many baby boomers , buying a domestic car is a totally foreign experience , '' says Christopher Cedergren , auto-market analyst with J.D. Power & Co. of Agoura Hills , Calif . 
One of the plan 's authors has defended the `` socioeconomic disadvantage '' category as perhaps making more sense than the current affirmative-action preferences based on race . 
That 's worse than the price drop sustained by the bonds in its portfolio , whose total return ( bond-price changes plus interest ) has amounted to a negative 6.08 % . 
Most of the money was lent to a series of shell companies in Panama and Luxembourg that were owned , directly or indirectly , by the Vatican bank . 
Zacks Investment Research did n't adjust one analyst 's estimate for a stock split , which therefore was artificially high . 
In addition , IBM 's growth in software in the third quarter was just 8.8 % , well below historical levels even when adjusted to reflect last year 's payment from Fujitsu and the stronger dollar . 
Until his resignation , Mr. Lawson had been conducting British monetary policy as if the pound were tied to the mark . 
The targeted audit groups include direct sellers -- people who sell cosmetics , housewares and other items door to door or at home parties -- and employers who label workers as independent contractors instead of employees , to avoid the employer share of payroll taxes . 
In Hong Kong , Sydney and Singapore -- the largest of those exchanges -- stocks recovered one-third to one-half of the ground they lost in Monday 's plunge , with major market indexes posting gains of 3.6 % to 4.4 % . 
Di Giorgio gained 1 to 30 3\/4 after the company said it is starting negotiations with unidentified parties interested in acquiring its units . 
Timken , a producer of bearings and specialty steel , already buys gas from Clinton . 
Although major U.S. manufacturers have all but ceded the main segment of that future business to Japan , not everyone here is ready to give up . 
`` Our essential focus is on domestic policy , '' Mr. Greenspan said , referring to the goals of price stability and a stable economy . 
Even perks have been reduced . 
There , on one of his first shopping trips , Mr. Paul picked up several paintings at stunning prices . 
In August , a Chicago conference on such devices attracted more than 100 researchers , who reported studies on everything from brain mapping to physical therapy . 
`` I think there is a damned good chance someone is going to hit the skids on this , '' said Oppenheimer & Co. analyst Myron Picoult . 
And the number of stocks hitting new lows far outstrips the number setting new highs . 
Strong farmer selling over the weekend also weighed on prices . 
Sales by category rose 24 % to 35.23 billion yen , reflecting increased production in automobile , airconditioner and electric machine industries , which are major users of wire and cable products . 
But what the Senate Judiciary Committee has done in supporting the strongly worded Armenian resolution achieves no useful end ; it merely produces more controversy and embittered memories . 
One of the seven reports presented here of excess heat production was given by Richard A. Oriani , professor of chemical engineering at the University of Minnesota . 
They got a machine more responsive , more stable and in many ways easier to ride than the thin-tired racing bikes that then were the rage . 
Despite the inevitable comparison with Compaq , however , Texas Instruments ' new notebook wo n't be a direct competitor . 
The Census Bureau also said : 
Green allowed residents to re-enter ; yellow allowed limited access ; red allowed residents one last entry to gather everything they could within 15 minutes . 
If approved , the sale is expected to close by year 's end , with the spinoff occurring by the end of 1992 . 
Dr. Minna believes people who inherit a defective gene somewhere on one of their two copies of chromosome 3 are especially prone to lung cancer . 
No doubt , Mr. Dinkins has been a calming influence . 
The change will result in a charge of about $ 8.5 million , or 82 cents a share , because of an increase in deferred income-tax liability . 
A company does n't have to post a loss to be a candidate for sale , says Charles I. Clough Jr. , chief market strategist at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
For travelers , though , the industry 's problems have had some positive effects . 
That compares with 58 % of the similar age group in the 1980 through 1982 surveys and 55 % in the 1972 through 1975 surveys . 
That 's not plot . 
The nine-month results included a $ 9.5 million special charge in 1989 for an arbitration settlement related to past export sales , and $ 29.7 million in extraordinary charges in 1988 related to a former line of business and early redemption of debt . 
MCA Inc. said third-quarter net fell 6.3 % to $ 50.8 million , or 69 cents a share , from $ 54.3 million , or 74 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Scam artists seek out such people -- or try to make sure that their victims isolate themselves . 
Maybe it 's crazy , '' he said . 
The only material support it is extending to the struggling U.S. industry is $ 30 million in awards from the Pentagon 's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency . 
`` They figure it 's not a very good advert . '' 
ESB said it was given only a three-hour advance warning on a `` take it or leave it '' basis from Inco , as the Toronto company is called . 
He said even though there was arbitrage buying in New York because of the weak dollar , cocoa fell to relentless pressure from bearish traders . 
The index was under pressure for most of the morning over concerns that the effects of Tuesday night 's major earthquake in the San Francisco area would undermine the U.S. market . 
The Fed should guard against systemic risk , but not against the risks inherent in individual stocks . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
`` We expect near-term sluggishness in the electronics market , '' he said , `` and we will take ongoing cost-reduction actions as necessary to keep operations aligned with demand . '' 
The Arthritis Foundation , the American Cancer Society and the United Way of America all say that they spend roughly 90 % of their income on programs , not overhead . 
The producer and marketer of low-sulfur coal said net income for the quarter was $ 5.9 million , or 71 cents a share , on revenue of $ 145.4 million . 
Dissidents in Czechoslovakia said the nation 's pro-democracy movement was growing despite the government 's move to crush a protest Saturday in Prague 's Wenceslas Square . 
There is an element of make-work involved . 
But after building up a commanding lead , the moderate to conservative Mr. Collor has slipped to about 30 % in the polls from a high of about 43 % only a few weeks ago . 
Sales totaled $ 1.81 billion up from $ 1.71 billion the previous year . 
As for the merits , Judge Leval said that Mr. Miller had written `` a serious book of responsible historical criticism . '' 
Discovision now has world-wide license agreements with major manufacturers covering CD audio disks , audio disk players , videodisks and videodisk players . 
Analysts estimated that sales at U.S. stores declined in the quarter , too . 
Gone is D. Joseph Corr , the airline 's chairman , chief executive and president , appointed only last December . 
Growth stocks may underperform cyclical stocks next year if the Federal Reserve begins to let interest rates drift sufficiently lower to boost the economy . 
Some patent lawyers had hoped that such a specialty court would be filled with experts in the field . 
Executives who manage these funds see the current debate over program trading as a repeat of the concern expressed after the 1987 crash . 
A slim majority ( 51 % ) think stock prices will be higher in August 1990 than they were in August 1989 . 
Aichi is a machikin , Mr. Utsunomiya says , and `` one of the nasty ones . '' 
Since 1987 , 40 states have increased the speed limit on rural interstates . 
The main components of the various asseet categories : Housing : Primary home , but not the land it 's on . 
He said some infected cells may not have the relevant antigen and so would n't be killed even after exposure to the antibody . 
Can you imagine ? 
I 've seen a great many moviestar film portraits , and this one is outstanding . 
How could CBS get pushed into outbidding itself ? 
If a customer asks for stories about `` IBM , '' the computer will also supply stories that mention `` I.B.M. , International Business Machines , or Big Blue , '' Mr. Amram says . 
It said net income dropped to $ 15.1 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 35.2 million , or $ 2.66 a share . 
The reversal came after the government conceded that investigators may have faked evidence . 
Cie. de Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier said his board unanimously rejected as too low the $ 1.77 billion bid by Cie. Financiere de Paribas to bring its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % . 
The index rose 1.1 % in the second quarter . 
However , the short interest figures reported by brokerage and securities clearing firms to the National Association of Securities Dealers include only those trades completed , or settled , by Oct. 13 , rather than trades that occurred on that day , according to Gene Finn , chief economist for the NASD . 
But six years ago he also began importing from the Far East . 
IBM will face an uphill climb against Digital , given Digital 's reputation for being better than IBM at hooking together different manufacturers ' computers . 
In 1976 , he teamed up with record producer Neil Bogart in Casablanca Records and Filmworks -- later called Polygram Pictures -- where they produced such hits as as `` The Deep , '' and `` Midnight Express . '' 
U.S. District Judge Julian A. Cook Jr. announced the settlements as the jury trial was to begin yesterday . 
`` We do know there are slight differences in the way human and animal insulins drive down blood sugar , '' Dr. Sobel said . 
Subsequent meetings , initiated after the company and two of its units were briefly suspended from federal contracts , were held to familiarize Mr. Orr with the company 's self-policing procedures and to disclose additional information , according to GE . 
But although 56 % of the respondents in the study indicated that mental-health problems were fairly pervasive in the workplace , there is still a social stigma associated with people seeking help . 
Most troublesome is the shrinking pool of `` names , '' the well-heeled investors ( some of them royal ) who , as members of about 360 syndicates , underwrite policies . 
The French chemical giant would hold an 80 % share of the U.K. market for salicylic acid , methyl salicylate and bulk aspirin . 
According to the filing , Parsow and Elkhorn are based in Elkhorn , Neb. , and are controlled by the same general partner , Alan S. Parsow . 
Perhaps . 
But the bill was passed without debate in the Diet , in the absence of the opposition . 
`` I would like to go back to 1970 . 
Hyatt Corp. hires a University of Wyoming graduate with degrees in geology and petroleum engineering for $ 7.50 an hour to tend wood fires at a Colorado ski resort ... . 
There are six video rental shops , three restaurants , one cinema and 34 sports and recreation clubs for everything from cricket to lawn bowling . 
In late New York trading the dollar was at 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen compared with 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen Wednesday . 
`` I 'm one of them who hope they will , with $ 6 billion in debt on the books . 
The auto-dealer strip in this booming suburb runs nearly five miles along Cobb Parkway , stretching from the Perimeter highway that circles Atlanta to the `` Big Chicken , '' a pullet-roofed fast-food restaurant and local landmark . 
Young & Rubicam 's Pact 
Futures rallied modestly . 
If HDTV takes off in the U.S. , there will be demand for some 4,000 to 5,000 HDTV converters , known in the industry as telecines . 
CHICAGO - Options traders were among the big victims of Friday 's plunging stock market , including one small firm that required an emergency $ 50 million bailout . 
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do . 
To say that the Pentagon should act irresponsibly because acting responsibly will provoke Congress into acting irresponsibly leads to the conclusion that the Pentagon should deliberately exaggerate its needs in the national interest ; in other words , that it is justified in committing a crime -- lying to Congress -- because it is morally superior . 
First Interstate stock closed at $ 57.625 , down 25 cents , in composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Who is going to carry the water ? ' '' 
Even Mao Tse-tung 's China began in 1949 with a partnership between the communists and a number of smaller , non-communist parties . 
Corporate taxes paid for almost 12 % of federal spending in 1988 -- excluding Social Security -- compared with less than 8 % in the first half of the 1980s , the study found . 
According to the filing , Hewlett-Packard acquired 730,070 common shares from Octel as a result of an Aug. 10 , 1988 , stock purchase agreement . 
The products are aimed at a market expected to total more than $ 1 billion a year in sales by 1995 , said Morgan Buchner Jr. , vice president of transmission systems for AT&T . 
`` HOT '' TOPAZ sparks regulator , jeweler concern over import of irradiated stones . 
If there is a recession that will change the statistical situation . '' 
It also contends that Young & Rubicam never told the tourist board about its relationship with Ad Ventures , a Jamaican firm hired by the agency . 
As a critique of middle-class mores , the story is heavy-handed . 
American Medical has agreed to the offer , but earlier this month said it had received new `` expressions of interest '' from two previous bidders . 
William Craig , an independent record promoter , pleaded guilty to payola and criminal tax charges , according to a statement issued by Gary Feess , the U.S. attorney here . 
Both are young , one twenty odd , the other thirty odd . 
This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan , after years of making lackluster cars and lousy profits , has loosened up its rigid ways and now is riding a string of hits , ranging from the sleek Maxima sedan and Porsche-like 300ZX to the whimsically nostalgic Pao , a minicar sold only in Japan . 
In addition to an 18 % stake in the Veslefrikk offshore field , the Norwegian unit has interests ranging from 10 % to 25 % in three other Norwegian oil and gas production licenses . 
`` The figures today add further evidence to support the view that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has essentially stalled out at a level of about a $ 110 billion annual rate , '' said Jeffrey Scott , a research fellow at the Institute for International Economics here . 
Sentences have been stiff . 
It happened at Northrop Corp. in Los Angeles . 
It Helps to Be Male 
`` The dollar has n't reacted much to it , so gold has n't either , '' he said . 
The poll , conducted for the Dutch daily De Telegraaf by Gallup International said 81 % of Dutch people supported NATO . 
Curiously , he compares the Orange Workers to the ANC , which his father outlawed in 1960 . 
Ms. Minella and Ms. Strasser say they are managing their junk portfolios defensively , building cash and selectively upgrading the overall quality . 
FREDERICK 'S OF HOLLYWOOD Inc. , Los Angeles , said its board voted a 50 % increase in the specialty boutique-store operator 's semiannual dividend , to five cents a common share . 
The notes became burdensome when reset provisions allowed their interest rate to be raised to 19.25 % last June . 
That arrangement apparently has worked well , and Thomas A. Bologna , president and chief executive officer of Gen-Probe , founded in 1983 , said the sale of the company means `` we will be able to concentrate on running the business rather than always looking for sources of financing . '' 
The agency then turned to a former backup singer for Ms. Midler who appeared in the ad and crooned what was generally considered a more than credible imitation of Ms. Midler 's 1973 hit song `` Do You Wanna Dance . '' 
One news show we saw yesterday even displayed 25 federal officials meeting around a table . 
New York , one of the nation 's largest issuers of tax-exempt bonds , sold $ 750 million of municipal bonds just a few weeks ago . 
Supporting banks will sign a `` Texas Declaration of Independents . '' 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3377.43 , off 
Eastern eventually decided not to sell off a major chunk , its South American routes , which were valued at $ 400 million . 
Revenue was C$ 291.6 million , up from C$ 252 million in 1988 . 
Concerning your Sept. 29 article `` Retailers Face Cutbacks , Uncertain Future '' : The outcome of our leveraged buyout is looking very positive . 
QUOTABLE : 
`` Yield greed often gets in the way of understanding things , '' says John Markese , research director of the American Association of Individual Investors , a Chicago-based educational group . 
But although Japanese companies increased their U.S. auto output by 42 % from January to September compared with the year-earlier period , their exports to the U.S. will drop only 9 % this year , Nikko Research Center estimates . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader . 
But let Stevens continue in his unwitting comic manner ( his conscious efforts at `` banter '' always fail -- most comically ) : `` This whole question is very akin to the question that has caused much debate in our profession over the years : what is a ` great ' butler ? '' 
Willamette Industries , whose stock has suffered steep losses in recent sessions , surged 1 1\/2 to 49 . 
Kellwood Co. said it completed a previously announced acquisition of Crowntuft Manufacturing Corp. , a New York-based maker of chenille robes and lounge wear . 
There were no immediate reports of deaths , but officials said a number of workers were still unaccounted for last night . 
The case strikes at the corporate image of GE , which provides the military with everything from jet engines and electronic warfare equipment to highly classified design work on the Strategic Defense Initiative , and could cause a loss of future defense contracts if Pentagon and Justice Department officials take a tough stance . 
`` September was one of the biggest order months in our history , '' says James R. Roberts , vice president , world-wide sales and marketing , for Giddings & Lewis Inc. , Fond du Lac , Wis . 
But the median income of American families fell 0.2 % , the first time it has failed to rise since 1982 . 
Sony has agreed to buy both companies , but is in a legal battle with Warner Communications Inc. over the services of producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters . 
`` There was a lot of internal debate about that specific issue , '' said Susan Bryant , Oklahoma 's chief securities regulator and president of the North American Securities Administrators Association , which drafted a voluntary settlement plan for the states with Drexel . 
The law could redound to the advantage of brokers and banks , who incur high administrative costs to deliver securities to investors . 
Mr. Rosen said the quake will revive consumer interest in a little-publicized 1972 state law that requires brokers to disclose to potential buyers how close a property sits to a fault line . 
After two years of drought , it rained money in the stock-index futures markets yesterday . 
Ford said then it would keep the Scorpio . 
Ironically , the anonymous official 's comments have earned some plaudits for Mr. Greenspan , who is mistakenly seen as the source . 
Because of Integrated 's widely reported troubles , the unit 's representatives had been requesting a name change . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Moreover , there are questions , particularly among atmospheric scientists who know this subject best , about the ability of anyone to know what in fact is happening to the ozone layer . 
Linear Technology , Milpitas , Calif. , called the settlement `` positive , '' since products covered by the disputed patents account for about 20 % of its annual sales . 
The Bay Area Rapid Transit system , which runs subway trains beneath the bay , is braced for a doubling of its daily regular ridership to 300,000 . 
Since the first fraud was discovered in July 1986 at an office of the People 's Bank of China in Shenzhen , 15 major cases have been found , the paper said ; the biggest was the theft of $ 235,000 from a bank in Chengdu in March 1988 . 
The stock closed yesterday at $ 103 a share , up just $ 1 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange as the market surged . 
Two weeks ago , viewers of several NBC daytime consumer segments started calling a 900 number for advice on various life-style issues . 
Plus , one Exxon official said , by eliminating the typically long New York commutes between office and home , management will expect employees to work 40 hours a week in Dallas , rather than a 35-hour work week in New York . 
Mr. Brady has said he thought government agencies in the latest market drop were better prepared to coordinate their actions , but he has left no doubt that he still likes the ideas the commission advanced nearly two years ago . 
Investment bankers in Tokyo confirmed that Tokyu Department Store is one of several Japanese companies that has been approached by representatives of a management committee headed by Bloomingdale 's Mr. Traub . 
Guaranteed by Fuji Bank . 
People often cite frugality and distrust of banks to justify cash caches to the IRS . 
The firm also will permit its members and the public `` to exercise their put and call options contracts traded on the Pacific exchange '' even if the exchange is closed , said Wayne Luthringshausen , chairman of Options Clearing . 
Yesterday , bank stocks lagged behind the overall OTC market . 
Counting all state and federal benefit programs , the number of people receiving unemployment benefits in the week ended Oct. 7 fell to 1,784,400 from 1,810,700 a week earlier . 
Separately , Chrysler said it will idle for four weeks the St. Louis assembly plant that builds the Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models . 
The state of New Hampshire has favored that plan . 
September 's Hang Seng Consumer Price Index , which measures price changes for the 10 % of urban households spending HK$ 10,000 and HK$ 24,999 a month , was up 11 % from a year ago and up 1.3 % from August . 
Roughly a third of the charities reviewed flunk the test . 
In the year-earlier period , the company had net of $ 77.2 million , or $ 3.68 a share , and a tax credit of $ 7.7 million . 
The two boards said in a joint statement that the proposed merger agreement was considered in separate board meetings in Oslo Monday . 
Jeff Rowe contributed to this article . 
Unisys dropped 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 after posting a third-quarter loss of $ 4.25 a share , including restructuring charges , but other important technology issues were mixed . 
He said that all of these companies will be able to compete fiercely in an economic downturn . 
Harley has said it does n't intend to be acquired by the Glazer group or any other party . 
But it could ultimately lead to German reunification and the disappearance of East Germany from the map . 
That acquisition could further dilute earnings per share this year , the company spokeswoman said . 
As smaller and more powerful computers continue to be the focus of the industry , he said , Western Digital is strengthening development of laptop parts . 
Ms. Garman could n't be reached for comment . 
Friday , Oct. 27 , 9 p.m.-midnight EDT , on PBS ( PBS air dates and times vary , so check local listings ) : `` Show Boat . '' 
They attached a second gene , for herbicide resistance , to the pollen-inhibiting gene . 
Despite shutdowns of the company 's Lester and East Pittsburgh plants , the company believes it has sufficient capacity to meet near-term demand with its much smaller and more efficient manufacturing facilities in North Carolina . 
The state says there 's no worry -- investment returns , combined with fees and the gains from unused plans , will provide all the cash it needs . 
In Japan , about 1 % are linked . 
Activists fear that if the shuttle carrying Galileo into orbit should explode , or if Galileo itself crashes into the Earth during the two times it flies close to the planet , fatal levels of plutonium would be released into the atmosphere . 
The latest drop followed a decision by British Airways , which had supported the $ 300-a-share buy-out offer for UAL from a labor-management group , not to participate in any revised bid . 
Saul Resnick 
`` I think if we had been allowed to go ahead then we would n't have the problems we have now , '' Mr. Sanford says . 
But some legislators think the time may be ripe to revise the constitution . 
The Chinese leader , Mr. Lee informed Mr. Bush , expressed some regret for what had happened in Beijing and conceded that China 's officials bore some responsibility . 
Industry analyst John H. Qualls , a vice president with Hill & Knowlton in St. Louis , forecasts that domestic auto makers will have a 93-day supply of cars at the end of the year , even if car sales improve to a 6.5 million vehicle rate for the quarter . 
Now , Mr. Guzman Cabrera is facing accusations that he 's as much a company man as La Quina was a crook . 
Ratners , which controls 25 % of the British jewelry market , would increase the number of its U.S. stores to about 450 stores from 360 . 
When WCRS created Della Femina McNamee out of the merger of three smaller agency units in 1988 , it said it did so in order to attract larger clients , especially packaged-goods companies . 
`` These products are the heart of our transmission-product line , '' Mr. Buchner said . 
LIVESTOCK AND MEATS : 
August through October traditionally is the busiest season for the bakeware business , as many retailers use the goods as autumn promotional items . 
Witnesses often must travel long distances to give face-to-face depositions before lawyers and court reporters . 
In the year-ago third quarter , Time on its own reported net income of $ 81 million , or $ 1.42 a share . 
The penthouse elevator started up from the Gutfreund landing , and Susan Gutfreund used to turn off its light , to give the impression that there was no higher floor . 
Mobil 
Moreover , production runs would be longer , cutting inefficiencies from adjusting machinery between production cycles . 
Hanwa Co . ( Japan ) -- Two-part , $ 800 million issue of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 3\/8 % coupon at par . 
The companies apt to run into earnings problems soonest are the ones with heavy debt loads , says Larry Biehl , partner in the San Mateo , Calif. , money-management firm of Bailard , Biehl & Kaiser . 
Southwestern shares fell 50 cents to $ 55.875 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include human rights , Soviet reforms , regional disputes , relations with allies , economic cooperation , arms control , and joint efforts to fight narcotics , terrorism and pollution . 
`` If they tried to sell , they 'd be chasing their own tail . 
The Fed already buys and sells foreign exchange to prevent disorderly conditions in foreign-exchange markets . 
While they have moved to the fore in underwriting fixed-income securities in the Eurobond market -- mostly for Japanese firms -- they have been only marginally profitable , if at all , in the U.S. . 
Meanwhile , new-home sales plunged 14 % in the month . 
Manufacturers produced 46,835 of the vehicles -- which have engines of 500 cubic centimeters or less -- an increase of 31,777 units . 
But he cautioned that Westmoreland 's third quarter is typically better than the fourth , so investors `` should n't just multiply the third quarter by four '' and assume the same rate of improvement can be sustained . 
That decline was reflected in revenue for the GM Hughes unit , which edged down to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.63 billion . 
The inverse trading relationship between bonds and stocks was interrupted yesterday as bonds fell despite a modest decline in stock prices . 
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said . 
A waterworks official said Fujitsu will have to design the system so it would be compatible with other makers ' equipment . 
Orders from Campeau retailers used to be cause for celebration . 
In the process , `` Batibot , '' an archaic Filipino word meaning `` strong '' or `` enduring , '' has become a powerful advocate of the use of the Filipino language . 
Underwriting does n't get under way until after morning tea at 10 a.m . 
`` The market must have turned up and down 15 different times , '' commented Lance Zipper , head of OTC trading at Kidder Peabody . 
The company plans to raise between C$ 75 million and C$ 100 million from the offering , according to a spokeswoman at Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd. , lead underwriter . 
Next month , NASA plans to launch a satellite to study cosmic rays dating from the birth of the universe . 
Portfolio managers say sweeteners like equity kickers and stricter protective covenants may increasingly be required to sell junk-bond deals . 
That selling of futures contracts by elevators is what helps keep downward pressure on crop prices during the harvest . 
The machinists criticized the terms Mr. Wolf and management received in the buy-out . 
The airports in San Jose and Oakland were both fully operational by noon yesterday , the Federal Aviation Administration said . 
`` We are having a regular day . 
For all of 1988 , union contracts provided for 2.5 % wage increases in the first year and 2.4 % over the life of the contracts . 
The figures confirm that there certainly is n't any drilling boom . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Westamerica closed at $ 22.25 a share , down 75 cents . 
Under terms of the stock , the Yukon ESOP can demand that the stock be redeemed for $ 4,090,000 on Nov. 30 , but NBI said it is legally prohibited from making the redemption . 
The maker of computer workstations said a surge of government orders contributed to the increase . 
However , Raymond C. Kurzweil , chairman and chief executive , said `` The company continues to require additional funding to realize the potential of its technology . '' 
Its counterpart , the Nasdaq Financial Index , was weak for most of the day , sliding 2.51 to 453.57 by the end of trading . 
`` I always thought Pepperidge Farm was tasty and high quality , '' Mrs. Lombardi says . 
The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . 
Those bills ca n't easily be vetoed in their entirety because they often are needed to keep the government operating . 
The athletic footwear maker said net rose to $ 49.9 million , or 44 cents a share , from $ 37.1 million , or 32 cents a share , a year earlier . 
However , HealthVest said the Tokyo bank indicated that it wo n't accelerate HealthVest 's $ 50 million loan . 
`` The mountain bike feels as comfortable as the ` paperboy ' bike you had as a kid , but it can do so much more , '' he says . 
( Turner Broadcasting will pay CBS $ 25 million to air 50 hours of CBS coverage plus 50 hours of additional events . ) 
Mortgage securities ended 2\/32 to 4\/32 higher in light trading . 
At the same time , liberal and moderate Democrats note the irony of Mr. Bush 's joining a celebration of Costa Rican democracy at a time his administration has sought sharp cuts in U.S. aid to the tiny country . 
First Boston Corp. is advising L.J. Hooker on the sale of the Merksamer business . 
`` I ca n't see why there would be a conflict of interest , '' says Sotheby 's Ms. Levitt . 
`` People started wondering if something was wrong with him , '' Mr. Miranda recalls . 
Crane officials did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
Out in the oil fields , if activity picks up much more , shortages could appear because so many roughnecks , roustabouts and others left after the crash . 
Although many of the transactions related to those securities have n't been completed , Columbia said the ultimate gain on the sale of those assets will range from $ 200 million to $ 300 million . 
Mr. Guber replies that `` this is a Goliath , this Time Warner , trying to chew up two fellows who have done only well for them for a long period of time . '' 
Some of the oil interests already have been sold . 
`` Invariably , '' he says , `` eyewitnesses are untrustworthy . '' 
Ohio Casualty rose 1\/4 to 51 3\/4 on 137,200 shares . 
The result was a world-famous trial exposing profound cultural conflicts in American life between the `` smart set , '' whose spokesman was H.L. Mencken , and the religious fundamentalists , whom Mencken derided as benighted primitives . 
Valued at $ 1.3 million , it was part of a four-crate shipment . 
It was quoted at 2.9428 marks in late New York trading Wednesday . 
The earthquake damage , of course , would have been far greater if the epicenter had been in downtown San Francisco . 
Eight trading days after Oct. 12 , the day before the stock market plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the S&P 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average . 
`` If there 's an emergency and there are n't sufficient funds from elsewhere , I think the attitude will be supportive , '' said Kirk West , president of the California Chamber of Commerce . 
The House bill also distorts economic efficiency in all sorts of perverse ways . 
We note the imperial public word used to deny private rage and sorrow . 
In the case of stock-index and interest-rate futures , the instruments are given an underlying cash value and are settled in cash . } 
Small businesses say a recent trend is like a dream come true : more-affordable rates for employee-health insurance , initially at least . 
But when the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose instead , bonds drifted lower . 
One bond trader estimated that more than $ 50 million of New York City general obligation bonds were put up for sale Friday alone . 
A round of futures-related program selling near the close sent the stock market lower in otherwise directionless trading . 
Bank of England Governor Robin Leigh-Pemberton urged banks to be cautious in financing leveraged buy-outs . 
The machinists union has suggested it may propose a recapitalization that includes a special dividend for holders and a minority ownership stake for employees . 
The question , she said , is whether Drexel should be allowed to pay and move on , or `` whether you should ( simply ) revoke the license when someone is convicted of a felony . '' 
The Nasdaq Composite Index surged 4.26 , or about 0.94 % , to 455.63 . 
Trinidad Corp. is contesting liability . 
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments . 
Earlier this year , bankers and other investors were willing to provide financing because they assumed there would be major gains in both profitability and sales , Mr. Rosenthal added . 
Finally , Tuesday 's California earthquake initially knocked 3.7 % off B.A.T 's share price in London yesterday because of fears of the potential claims to Los Angeles-based Farmers , which has a substantial portion of its property and casualty exposure in California . 
According to a spokesman , the governor is also studying the possibility of raising state gasoline taxes . 
The changes come as Reebok , which grew rapidly in the mid-1980s but has seen its sales flatten of late , is seeking to regain momentum in the athletic-shoe business against rivals Nike Inc. and L.A. Gear Inc . 
While many commentators , particularly French ones , worry that hasty and emotional reaction to the changes in the East might lead to dangerous pressures for a denuclearized Europe or the speeded-up withdrawal of American troops , Mr. Roper in London sees a more positive scenario . 
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet . 
Call option beginning March 31 , 1992 , if the price of the stock rises more than 50 % within 30 trading days as well as a call option for tax reasons . 
The goal of most U.S. firms -- joint ventures -- remains elusive . 
`` We want it to be a '90s kind of image . '' 
While most other airline issues took their cue from UAL , USAir Group rose 1 3\/4 to 43 1\/4 on 1.5 million shares amid speculation about a possible takeover proposal from investor Marvin Davis . 
Polaroid Corp. 's patent-infringement damages case against Eastman Kodak Co. , one of the highest stakes corporate trials ever , is getting scant attention on Wall Street . 
Applying prowess gained during earlier stints at appliance maker AB Electrolux , Mr. Andersson and a handful of loyal lieutenants aggressively stripped away dead wood -- and got quick results . 
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment . 
Analysts said the company 's effort will be helped by its decision last year to put point-of-sale scanners in 200 stores , allowing National Convenience to quickly track items that are selling and those that are n't . 
When Keizaikai launched Business Tokyo in 1987 , it appealed to a more multinational audience . 
Your were on target regarding industry problems , but wide of the mark in portraying the financial health of this company . 
The beta of the broad market , typically defined as the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , is always 1.0 . 
Karstadt did n't give any group sales or profit figures for the first nine months . 
`` The average American watches seven hours of TV a day . 
The move by the Convention on Trade in Endangered Species , meeting in Switzerland , places the elephant on the endangered-species list . 
Suzuki Motor Co. 's Escudome sport vehicle features a pop-out rear tent and invites drivers to go `` back to the nature . '' 
Already , the 1982 legislation has saved an estimated $ 800 million . 
In October 1979 , just days before the Federal Reserve raised interest rates , IBM offered $ 1 billion in debt securities . 
That would be all right with Amex , which could then lock in its investment profit , but it does n't add up to a `` smart money '' move for me . 
Like lawyers in the hostile takeover field , the baby goes where the money is . 
Now , even more radical changes seem afoot as the grand old maverick of American apples plays the role of Hiroshi Appleseed . 
Its calculations for meeting cash charges ignore $ 52 million a year in interest on cash-deferred , or zero-coupon debentures -- which ultimately would have had to be paid . 
All of a sudden , prices were no longer in denominations of 100 or 200 . 
He said the move will `` significantly reduce administrative and operating costs , '' but he did n't provide details of the merger . 
It is primarily a certified outpatient treatment facility providing comprehensive services to people with epilepsy and their families . 
The trial had been postponed to allow Dunkin ' Donuts to seek alternatives to DD Acquisition 's offer . 
But this year , Honda has revamped the Accord and made it a midsized car . 
Only CDs sold by major brokerage firms posted significant increases in average yields in the latest week , reflecting increased yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction . 
However , unlike a buy-stop order , a buy market-if-touched order is entered at a price below the current price , while a sell market-if-touched order is entered at a price above it . 
It is scheduled for delivery in late 1991 . 
The announcement came as Societe Commerciale , a trading company with activities in more than 40 countries , reported a loss of 320.5 million francs ( $ 51 million ) for the first six months of this year , partly because of provisions on future losses . 
He previously was staff director and counsel for the Senate committee on banking , housing and urban affairs . 
Executives say Mr. Gorbachev 's moves to break up the government 's foreign trade monopoly have created uncertainties as well as opportunities . 
That means simple , clear rules that secure the first large blocks of reduction , deferring more complex issues such as risk . 
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . '' 
`` It 's going to be nuclear war , '' says Thomas Willmott , a consultant with Aberdeen Group Inc . 
Orkem declined to give details of its offer , saying only that the bid will be submitted for approval by the board of the British company . 
They added that the DJIA 's swift drop proved an easy excuse for the market to drive the U.S. currency in the direction it was already headed . 
Ironically , `` up until the quake , we desperately tried to fill jobs , '' especially for crane and bulldozer operators . 
In 1988 , Dallas-based Sterling protested a similar decision by NASA involving the same contract , claiming it had submitted the lowest bid . 
After the split , the two companies presumably will be rivals for orders from government and commercial customers . 
A series of earthquakes struck northern China , killing at least 29 people , injuring hundreds and razing about 8,000 homes , the Xinhua News Agency said . 
`` We may not have every manufacturing problem , but we have most , '' said George Conrades , IBM 's top marketing official . 
Perhaps he 'd have called for `` a decentralized political and economic system '' without a dominant communist party . 
Consumer prices rose a surprisingly moderate 0.2 % in September , pushed up mostly by a jump in clothing costs , the Labor Department reported . 
But a few funds have taken other defensive steps . 
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business . 
The bill gets signed into law and then the administration watches helplessly , wondering where all the `` unexpected '' costs came from . 
He is a politician with the courage of true conviction , as in summarily sacking exchange controls and in particular slashing the top rate of income taxation to 40 % . 
`` Where the hell are they gon na live when people like you turn the world into a big toxic waste dump ? 
FIRST TEACH THYSELF . 
Instead of focusing on the financial future , Mr. Dinkins has sold himself as a unifier for a city recently touched by racial violence and as a soothing antidote to 12 years of commotion generated by Mayor Koch . 
If these conditions are met , he said , the ANC would be prepared to discuss suspending its guerrilla activities . 
Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; legal , accounting and other professional services furnished to foreigners ; financial , engineering and construction services ; and the like -- were not being counted as exports . 
Mr. Ridley hinted at this motive in answering questions from members of Parliament after his announcement . 
NEW BEER : 
David Tunick , the president of David Tunick Inc. , a New York gallery , says scholars question the authenticity of the Rubens . 
City officials feared widespread gridlock on the first day that normal business operations were resumed following last Tuesday 's earthquake . 
This portends consequences from what we have already done that will be very destabilizing to social and economic systems . 
The three units had combined 1988 sales of about $ 904 million . 
Building on the corner severely damaged , so an old lady and her very old mother are in the guest room . 
As an employee of a major refrigerator and freezer manufacturer , I have been heavily involved in dealing with the political manifestations of the Rowland-Molina theory ( named after the researchers who found in 1974 that chlorofluorocarbons contributed to the depletion of ozone in the earth 's atmosphere ) and the Montreal Protocol . 
Sitting in one of Mr. Palmer 's chairs , which cost $ 425 and have since been copied by others , is a bit like straddling a recliner . 
Even the Soviet Union has Peter the Great to rediscover , should it choose to . 
Tiger itself was founded by a band of gungho airmen who had airlifted supplies `` over the Hump '' from India to China during World War II . 
Lynn Staley , the Globe 's assistant managing editor for design , acknowledges that the visages were `` on the low end of the likeness spectrum . '' 
Bernard Savaiko , senior commodities analyst at PaineWebber Inc. , said that when traders saw the market was n't reacting positively to the forecasts of lower LME stocks , they perceived a bearish sign . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Kemper Financial Services has stopped executing its stock trades through four big securities firms because of their involvement in program trading , which Kemper and others say is ruining the market . 
In San Francisco , they argue , an earthquake was a near certainty . 
The environment can no longer be a normal issue , to be dealt with on a business-as-usual basis with comfortable increments of change . 
The other lawyer in the office is partner Robert A. Macari , the firm 's legislative director . 
True , Ford was declared the winner Sunday , but only after the Honda driver who crossed the finish line first was disqualified because it hit another car and skid momentarily out of bounds . 
Throughout the 1970s and early 1980s spokesmen for both the Unification Church and its opponents in the anticult movement gave wildly exaggerated membership figures . 
The three managing general partners would receive a `` significant '' number of Marsh & McLennan shares , said Walther L. Kiep , a partner who would also join Marsh & McLennan 's board . 
Though spending for Iowa and Oregon was far less , their increases above Pentagon requests -- 640 % and 430 % , respectively -- were much greater because of the influence of Republicans at critical junctures . 
Currently , the rules force executives , directors and other corporate insiders to report purchases and sales of their companies ' shares within about a month after the transaction . 
Doman said it was also granted an option to acquire the remaining 44 % interest in Western Forest , which is currently held by two Canadian banks . 
Third-quarter earnings have been generally disappointing and with economic data showing a clear slowing , the outlook for earnings in the fourth quarter and all of 1990 is getting worse . 
Wendy Gramm , the agency 's chairman , told the Senate Agriculture Committee that she expects the study to be released within two weeks and the rule changes to be completed by Thanksgiving . 
DEC said its overseas business , which now accounts for more than half of sales , improved in the quarter . 
The new commissioner says that closer scrutiny of how the agency uses its resources will go a long way toward enhancing its ability to collect more tax revenue . 
The precious metals sector outgained other Dow Jones industry groups by a wide margin for the second consecutive session . 
Not all of the cemetery 's better-known tenants lend themselves to the promotional job at hand , however . 
In his Rolling Stone interview in 1980 , Mr. Bush volunteered his abortion-rights remarks to contrast himself with his rival , Ronald Reagan . 
Died : Robert V. Van Fossan , 63 , chairman of Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Co. , Sunday , in Morristown , N.J. , of cancer . 
Stock prices fell sharply in active trading . 
The transaction is subject to approval of NRM unitholders of record on Oct. 23 , among other conditions . 
MCA said revenue rose 14 % to $ 918.4 million from $ 806.7 million . 
London 's Financial Times 100-share index shed 40.4 points to finish at 2149.3 . 
A giant heater , working like a blowtorch , causes the mud to crust and burns off any wrappers . 
Broward County School District , Florida -- $ 185 million of school district general bonds , via a First Boston Corp. group . 
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business . 
Revenue : $ 3.57 billion 
He huddled with directors at a special meeting two weeks ago and tried to block his opponent . 
`` There 's more and more of this cash-up-front going on at every level , '' says Bruce Miller , president of Art Funding Corp. , an art lender . 
`` Why did it take Burroughs Wellcome so long to apply '' for treatment investigational new drug status ? the New York Democrat asked . 
Merrill Lynch estimates that fewer than 10 financial institutions currently issue zero-coupon CDs . 
For political as well as economic reasons , U.S. companies are at the top of his priorities -- a point he underscored by spending two hours walking around the U.S. trade show last week . 
Mr. Hulings gloats that he sold all his stocks a week before the market plummeted 190 points on Oct. 13 , and he is using the money to help buy a 45-acre horse farm . 
The suit , filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan , seeks class-action status . 
Solo woodwind players have to be creative if they want to work a lot , because their repertoire and audience appeal are limited . 
`` There will be big Japanese investments probably five to 10 years from now . '' 
In an invention that drives Verdi purists bananas , Violetta lies dying in bed during the prelude , rising deliriously when then she remembers the great parties she used to throw . 
One concerns Japanese investors . 
The U.S. and Israel have been holding what an aide to Prime Minister Shamir called intense telephone negotiations in an effort to bridge differences over Mideast peace moves . 
The government 's assertions of the cover-up were made in last minute pretrial motions . 
At an estimated $ 360 million , the project would represent the single largest foreign investment in the Philippines since President Corazon Aquino took office in February 1986 . 
During settlement talks , for example , Warner demanded such things as cable TV rights to Columbia movies and Columbia 's interest in the studio it jointly owns with Warner , according to executives involved in the talks . 
It will have a Russian tavern , an English pub , a discotheque and Japanese and Italian restaurants , according to a Sheraton announcement . 
A.H. Belo Corp. said its net income was $ 3.1 million , or 15 cents a share , in the third quarter , more than four times its profit of $ 663,000 , or three cents a share , last year . 
`` We were saving up to buy a house , and my wife was pregnant , '' says Mr. Cortese . 
This defensible commercial zone becomes , for the residents , a secure oasis in a barren urban landscape , evidence that community decay is not inevitable and that the gangs are not invincible . 
`` People are looking past supply to lower interest rates , but they 're also worried about being whipsawed by the volatility in the stock market . '' 
Amex issues with big percentage price gains included two Eastern Air Lines preferred stocks , reacting to the news about improved recovery in flight schedules after the company filed for bankruptcy protection . 
In Spain , anyway , the 73-year-old Mr. Cela enjoys some renown for the novels and travel books he wrote during the parched Franco years , the everyday poverty and stagnant atmosphere of which he described in brutally direct , vivid prose , beginning with `` The Family of Pascal Duarte '' ( 1942 ) . 
But how sweet it is . 
El Paso owns and operates a petroleum refinery . 
He cited the example of San Francisco 's financial district , where many new glass towers survived almost unscathed . 
And Alcan Aluminium Ltd. yesterday reported net income slid 30 % to $ 180 million , or 77 cents a share , from $ 258 million , or $ 1.07 a share . 
All of the companies are units of Panhandle Eastern Corp. , which acquired Texas Eastern Corp. earlier this year . 
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept . 
A new drug to prevent the rejection of transplanted organs has been successfully used on more than 100 patients at the University of Pittsburgh , according to researchers . 
Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January , where he had been chairman , president and chief executive , to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in solid waste and recycling , telecommunications and international venture capital . 
Novell , a computer networking concern , fell 1 1\/2 to 30 on 152,000 shares . 
Brush Wellman Inc. said its board increased the number of shares of common stock to be purchased under a previously authorized program to 3.9 million from 2.9 million . 
Three gambling casinos have opened in Poland . 
`` I think the current plan is sufficiently flawed in a sufficient number of bondholders ' eyes that substantial revisions will be required to get it done , '' says analyst Craig Davis of R.D. Smith & Co. here . 
Thursday , Nov. 2 , 9-10 p.m. EST , on A&E ( repeated at 1 a.m. and on Nov. 5 ) : `` Third and Oak : The Pool Hall . '' 
On a percentage basis , Germany Fund Inc. led the gainers , leaping to 67,972 shares from three shares . 
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions . 
You can take them with you . '' 
The major gateway to Asia and one of the nation 's 10 busiest airports was closed to all but emergency traffic from the time the quake hit Tuesday afternoon , until 6 a.m. PDT yesterday when controllers returned to the tower . 
The dispute between Eastern and its pilots is over a `` pay parity '' clause in the pilots ' contract . 
Piggybacking on government assertions that General Electric Co. may have covered up fraudulent billings to the Pentagon , two shareholders have filed a civil racketeering suit against the company . 
And you can look to the leadership and ask them why that is the perception of the American people . '' 
Georgia-Pacific closed down $ 2.50 , at $ 50.875 in Big Board trading . 
Leonard Bickwit , a Washington attorney for Lincoln 's parent corporation , said in an interview , `` We deny any criminal behavior by the association or its officers . '' 
Westamerica has about $ 1.3 billion of assets and is the largest independent bank in northern California . 
Meanwhile , Sotheby 's guarantee is raising eyebrows in the art world . 
One of its power generators was damaged , though the company said there wo n't be any financial impact . 
In such an environment , a market maker can absorb huge losses . 
`` Sometimes , with the release of stress , you hear ` oohs ' and ` ahs ' coming out of the room , '' explains Morgan Banks , the agency 's health specialist . 
Dow will own 60 % of the venture , with Eli Lilly holding the rest . 
They grew up with more brand choices than any generation and have shown less allegiance so far . 
Eagle , which controls Bristol Federal Savings Bank and First Federal Savings & Loan Association of Torrington , had assets of $ 469.6 million on that date . 
Rate settlements in Minnesota and Colorado depressed U S West 's third-quarter profit . 
White children empty the wastepaper baskets and squeegee the windows . 
The consultants help the defense lawyers find such jurors by asking questions about potential jurors ' attitudes toward volunteer work , or toward particular movies or books . 
Sears then went back to AEW , the Boston pension adviser that had proposed a convertible debt deal during the first round of bids last spring . 
Hubert Pedroli , managing director of foreign exchange at Credit Suisse in New York , adds , `` The market sees this as the last piece of good news . '' 
Fortunately , the nations of southern Africa have n't totally surrendered their sovereignty . 
In Armonk , N.Y. , a spokesman said that although IBM did n't view its spending as necessarily a way to support the stock , it thought the purchases were a good way to improve such financial measurements as per-share earnings and return on equity . 
`` The sustainability of U.S. foreign policy is essential , '' he explains . 
Warner Communications Inc. and Sony Corp. resumed settlement talks on their legal battle over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters , but continued to level strong accusations at each other in legal documents . 
At June 30 , Webster , which owns First Federal Savings & Loan Association of Waterbury , had assets of $ 699 million . 
In place of the games , ABC said it planned to broadcast next week 's episodes of its prime-time Wednesday and Thursday lineups , except for a one-hour special on the earthquake at 10 p.m. last night . 
In Toronto Stock Exchange trading , Bank of Montreal closed at C$ 33.25 , up 87.5 Canadian cents . 
It is an aftershock , one of about 2,000 since the earthquake , and it makes her uneasy . 
Ford , on the other hand , has said it 's willing to bid for all of Jaguar , despite the objections of Jaguar chairman Sir John Egan . 
Opponents show that there are already more funds available than commendable reform efforts . 
This is reflected in a built-in mortality cost -- in effect , your share of the company 's estimated liability in paying off beneficiaries of people who had the effrontery to die while under its protection . 
`` But if he 's sharp and quick , he has a chance . '' 
Its victories include more than $ 30 million in Sheraton Corp. business and an assignment from Dun & Bradstreet worth $ 5 million to $ 10 million . 
A handful of small U.S. companies are struggling to develop the technology to build the screens for the thin , high-quality televisions that are expected to hang on living room walls by the end of the 1990s . 
A poll conducted in July by a Gallup affiliate showed that 64 % of Costa Ricans believe that if their country is militarily attacked by either Nicaragua or Panama , the U.S. will come to its defense . 
UAL , the parent company of United Airlines , swung within a 14-point range during the course of the session before closing at 191 3\/4 , down 6 1\/4 , on 2.3 million shares . 
In recent years , Mrs. Thi has started to diversify the company , taking a 20 % stake in newly established , partly private Industrial and Commercial Bank , and setting up Saigon Petro , which owns and operates Vietnam 's first oil refinery . 
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement . 
A new in-house magazine , Kidder World -- which will focus on the firm 's synergy strategy , says Mr. Carpenter -- confides that on weekends Mr. Newquist `` often gets value-added ideas while flying his single-engine Cessna Centurion on the way to Nantucket . '' 
Cray Research expects supercomputer sales to be flat next year , the latest in a series of negative announcements by the company . 
Immunex will contract with the spinoff to provide the research , development and initial testing of the new agents . 
`` It would be damaging to industry and to the financial sector in general , to say nothing of banks , if prudence does not guide the financing of leveraged transactions . '' 
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully . 
But he put off a firm decision while his aides and legislators searched for a compromise that would tighten requirements for such abortions in a way acceptable to the president . 
A buy-and-hold approach to stocks continues to be the rule among respondents . 
And perhaps with good reason . 
-- Football player , class unspecified . 
Mr. Kriz of Moody 's said the problems in the securities portfolio stem largely from positions taken last year . 
Kellogg surged 4 1\/4 to 75 . 
The size of the issue was increased from an originally planned $ 3 billion . 
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % . 
The stock was trading at 69 just two weeks ago . 
For the killer and thief , Said Mahran , fame flows from the barrel of a gun . 
The Steppenwolf Theatre Company , back from a critical and box office success in London with its adaptation of Steinbeck 's `` The Grapes of Wrath , '' opened the new season with Harold Pinter 's `` The Homecoming , '' first produced by the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1965 . 
Its $ 309 million , or $ 1.32 a share , gain from the sale of 75 million Mitsubishi shares made net $ 331 million , or $ 1.42 a share . 
`` Saturday Night '' has cast actors to appear in future stories ranging from the abortion rights of teen-agers to a Nov. 4 segment on a man named Willie Bosket , who calls himself a `` monster '' and is reputed to be the toughest prisoner in New York . 
Kemper also blasted the Big Board for ignoring the interests of individual and institutional holders . 
While most American employees have their own private space , Japanese `` salarymen '' usually share large , common tables and rely heavily on old-fashioned personal contact . 
`` The balloon had been blown up so big that when somebody came along with a pin -- in this case the UAL deal -- we got a little pop . '' 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Instead , China is likely to shell out ever-greater subsidies to its coddled state-run enterprises , which ate up $ 18 billion in bailouts last year . 
He also repeated Justin 's denial of Sony 's charges . 
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41-lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health-care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers . 
Under the earlier plan , Norfolk was authorized in 1987 to buy up to 20 million shares . 
The difference of just 1.35 points on the scale , designed by Charles Richter of CalTech in the 1930s , means the older quake was `` 10 to 20 times stronger , '' says Lane Johnson , director of the University of California Berkeley Seismographic Station . 
`` Mr. Semel said absolutely nothing to indicate Warner would have any objection to our assuming management positions at Columbia , '' Mr. Guber says . 
The dividend represents the balance of its regular quarterly payout of 10 cents a share , of which half was paid July 17 in a final distribution prior to its merger with B.B. Real Estate Investment Corp. , also in July . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note convertible Dec. 4 , 1989 , through March 17 , 1994 , at a 5 % premium over closing share price Nov. 1 , when terms are fixed . 
The only way to catch an electronic thief , he said , is to set him up with erroneous information . 
Perhaps an arrangement could be worked out to `` sponsor '' El Espectador journalists and staff by paying for added security in exchange for exclusive stories . 
The court often weighs deductions of sideline-business costs : Do they stem from a profit-seeking activity or a nondeductible hobby ? 
Mr. Redford , like it or not , is like a braking system on a runaway truck , kind of slowing it down into control . 
Cycads , the most popular of which is the Sago Palm , are doll-sized versions of California 's famous long-necked palms , with stubby trunks and fern-like fronds . 
Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and , more important , among his officers and instructors . 
THE MILEAGE RATE allowed for business use of a car in 1989 has risen to 25.5 cents a mile for the first 15,000 from 24 cents in 1988 , the IRS says ; the rate stays 11 cents for each added mile . 
Stores in the company 's core middle-class market will get more frozen and quick-to-prepare foods and a greater selection of bottled water . 
By a 325-92 margin , the Appropriations Committee leadership beat back an early challenge by House Banking Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) to the FHA provision . 
( The lower house 's five-year term expires in January ; the Parliament 's upper house is appointed . ) 
His new stake would be in the form of preferred shares , which receive higher dividends but have voting rights only in extraordinary shareholders assemblies . 
We 're talking real money . 
The industrial average recovered to close only 3.69 points lower , but petroleum futures never shook off the chill . 
An EC spokesman said the two companies will be notified so they can begin negotiations with Brussels on how to modify the pact . 
The National Restaurant Association says quick-service restaurant units in the U.S. rose 14 % to 131,146 between 1983 and 1987 , the last year for which figures are available . 
December delivery gold eased 40 cents an ounce to $ 380.80 . 
Profits from U.S. exploration and production operations totaled $ 58 million , after the property sale loss , compared with a year-earlier $ 44 million loss that included a $ 16 million reorganization charge . 
At one point , almost all of the shares in the 20-stock Major Market Index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher . 
And it is preparing to set up shop in Chicago , New York and 10 other cities where court-reporting agencies can tie conference rooms into the network . 
A video sent to association members , featuring shots of the Alamo , cowboys , fajitas and a statue of Sam Houston , does n't mince words . 
The mural , now valued at $ 1.3 million according to appraisers , was tossed in a trash heap in 1971 by workers who were renovating the building . 
The estimated $ 40 million from the new pre-merger notification fee would be divided between the Justice Department 's Antitrust Division and the Federal Trade Commission , which both face serious cuts if the income is n't realized . 
The other involves the sale of about 35 of the company 's high-end workstations to the National Institutes of Health . 
Edward Carlson awoke one morning last month to find eight holes in his front yard where his prized miniature palms , called cycads , once stood . 
`` Putting it all together , we have a negative scenario that does n't look like it will improve overnight , '' he said . 
Crossland Savings Bank 's stock plummeted after management recommended a suspension of dividend payments on both its common and preferred stock because Crossland may not meet the new government capital criteria effective Dec. 7 . 
As it now stands , the U.S. can bomb Tripoli , but ca n't `` assassinate '' Colonel Gadhafi . 
Amid a riot of jousting knights , circus clowns , gold-leaf centurions and creatures of the wild , lesser competitors will fall . 
His chief advantage in the fight : his intimate knowledge of American ways and weaknesses . 
Steel shares fell back after advancing for three days . 
Whether she can meet that ambitious goal is still far from certain . 
Still other projects that have been announced but not yet started could put expenditures above $ 3 billion over the next few years . 
The Bartlesville , Okla. , oil company late yesterday still had n't said officially what caused the explosions and fires , which sent columns of heavy black smoke billowing high into the air . 
The network 's own production company , NBC Productions , supplies a half-hour family-oriented show titled `` Saved By The Bell . '' 
Asked for comment , Walker Merryman , a vice president of the Tobacco Institute , said new efforts to restrict tobacco advertising in the U.S. could violate the First Amendment protection of free speech . 
The reputed wealth of the Unification Church is another matter of contention . 
But it could be much worse . 
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland . 
Even in the wake of Hurricane Hugo 750 people turned out in a remote Virginia town in September for a `` family tribute '' to Mr. North given by two dozen conservative members of Congress . 
`` I tell people it 's the groundup bones of saints , '' he says . 
First and foremost , the vignettes presented by the various scientists represent a general consensus among specialists working in the respective aspects of the global environment . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
They took more than 25 % casualties ; journalists report that they faced minefields without mine detectors . 
During the balloting , 26 members of the 500-seat Parliament voted against Krenz , a move considered unprecedented in the country 's 40-year history . 
-- Taxes of between 15 % and 50 % a year on `` excessive '' profits from the resale of property , or the sale of idle land to the government . 
When Mr. Glass decides to get really fancy , he crosses his hands and hits a resonant bass note with his right hand . 
Dictaphone 's picocassette recorder is one of 13 case studies in the TRIAD Design Project , sponsored by the Design Management Institute of Boston and Harvard Business School . 
`` It 's not too surprising that the auction was sloppy , given the volatility in the bond market because of stocks , '' said Robert T. McGee , a senior vice president at Tokai Bank Ltd . 
Is that the forecast ? '' Mr. O'Brien asks , trying to pin down the economist . 
These trade-offs would evolve priorities by revealing when the cost of the B-2 became prohibitive . 
The government may ease repression in some areas , but it still keeps a tight grip in others . 
Mr. Renzas , among others , said the quake will prod companies in certain industries , like semiconductors , computers and aerospace , to consider moving operations that involve particularly sensitive machinery to locations outside California . 
Leveraged buy-outs may be curbed by two rules in pending congressional legislation . 
The failed bank had assets of about $ 129.6 million . 
Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases . 
Other venture capitalists are already there : MMG Patricof Group and its Alan Patricof Associates , New York ; Burr , Egan , Deleage & Co. , Boston ; and San Francisco 's Hambrecht & Quist have about $ 800 million to invest in European companies . 
But traders on the exchange floor , who can observe the computer-guided trading activity on monitor screens , said most of the top program-trading firms were active both days . 
Nixdorf , Bull and others will also sell versions of the machine , said Mips President Robert Miller . 
The Justice Department scrambled to play down the significance of its new guidelines concerning prosecutions under the federal racketeering law . 
So when next year 's psyllium crop is harvested in March , it may be smaller than the 16,000 metric tons of the past few years -- right at the crest of the psyllium boom . 
Commercial vegetables , led by lettuce and tomatoes , rose 19 % in October ; oranges and other fruits rose 5 % . 
It is not surprising that parents find this romantic extravagance so attractive . 
Despite fears the mine may be partially nationalized by the new Namibian government following next month 's elections freeing the country from South African control , De Beers engineers are working to extend the mine 's productive life for another 25 years , from the current estimate of 10 . 
Her view is that stock prices have three major props : merger and buy-out proposals , earnings and the economic outlook . 
Pharmaceuticals were mostly higher , with SS Pharmaceutical gaining 140 to 1,980 . 
Birmingham , Ala. : 
In July a year later , Warner agreed to release the producers from their old contract when Messrs. Guber , Peters and Sugarman made a $ 100 million offer to buy 25 % of MGM\/UA . 
And while it 's too soon to tell how sales will fare in the important 1989 Christmas season , some companies take steps to ease the usual 11th-hour crush . 
But in 1986 , the badges and the `` do n't speak out of turn '' rule were abolished -- early steps in a cultural revolution still rolling on with all the subtlety of a freight train . 
But the figures reinforced the view of many private analysts that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has run out of steam . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.38 % 30 days ; 8.28 % 60 days ; 8.23 % 90 days ; 8.13 % 120 days ; 8.03 % 150 days ; 7.93 % 180 days . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , shares of the Akron , Ohio-based company fell $ 1.375 to $ 49.125 . 
For the six months , the company reported a more than sixfold increase in earnings to $ 4.7 million , or 26 cents a share , from $ 625,000 , or four cents a share a year ago . 
142.43 yen , up 0.73 ; 1.8578 marks , up 0.0108 . 
Not including thrifts under government conservatorship , S&Ls reduced their assets by $ 10.1 billion from the previous month , and deposit outflows totaled $ 3.9 billion . 
The tenor of Mr. Stevens 's remarks seemed to indicate that British Air will take a more active , high-profile role in pursuing any new bid . 
Some even see a silver lining in the dark clouds . 
The rates were up from last week 's auction , when they were 7.37 % and 7.42 % , respectively . 
Mr. Gras said he expects a definitive agreement between the two companies to be completed in the next few months . 
The court , in a 3-0 ruling , threw out a deadline set by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for settling old contract disputes over gas that the pipeline companies reserved but did n't use . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
`` It 's just going to be sloppy , both on our side and theirs { the Warsaw Pact 's } , '' says one NATO analyst . 
`` Things are a little less overpriced '' after Friday 's jolt in the market . 
Large U.S. companies are interested in other segments of the HDTV business , such as signal-processing and broadcast equipment . 
Revenue was $ 41.2 million , up from $ 27.5 million . 
Rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P , the noncallable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. will announce today a software program that allows computers in a network to speed up computing tasks by sending the tasks to each other . 
Put more simply , GOP candidates for president are looked on more kindly by voters than Republican candidates for the Senate when the prisoner 's dilemma is more severe . 
The giant foods , tobacco and brewing company said it will issue common-share purchase rights to shareholders of record Nov. 8 . 
On May 19 , the FDA began detaining Chinese mushrooms in 68-ounce cans after more than 100 people in Mississippi , New York and Pennsylvania became ill from eating tainted mushrooms . 
A number of those polled predict the dollar will slip as the Federal Reserve eases interest rates . 
Calgene , an agricultural biotechnology concern , said initial work will concentrate on a proprietary strain of Bacillus subtilis which has shown promise for controlling aflatoxin . 
Even expect stolen bases , says the wiry and fit Mr. Campaneris : `` If you know how to slide , it 's no problem , '' he says . 
He divorced his first wife three years ago and married the daughter of his court clerk . 
The union called the strike in April after Pittston refused to sign the UMW 's national labor pact . 
At Saks Fifth Avenue , Paul Leblang , senior vice president , marketing , agreed that lower prices will help his management team in their proposed LBO . 
Milan-based Odeon , which draws about 3 % of Italian TV viewers , has debt of 250 billion lire ( $ 181.9 million ) , Mr. Fiorini said . 
He says courts have held that antitrust considerations are outweighed in such cases by the need to protect consumers from deceptive marketing . 
Transportation department officials , however , said they were as surprised as anyone by the Cypress destruction . 
Aerojet General Corp. , a unit of GenCorp Inc. , was awarded a $ 40.1 million Air Force contract for Minuteman missile rocket motors . 
The two unions already had significant leverage simply because their employer has yet to settle with either on new contracts . 
It requires financial planners to register with states , pass competency tests and reveal to customers any conflicts of interest . 
Mr. Kloves has put together some priceless moments . 
David Wyss , chief financial economist at Data Resources Inc. , Boston , said that the purchasers ' index `` does miss occasionally , '' adding : `` When it misses one month it tends to miss the next month , too . '' 
In February 1987 , Bally thwarted a possible hostile takeover bid from Mr. Trump by agreeing to buy 2.6 million of Mr. Trump 's 3.1 million Bally shares for $ 83.7 million -- more than $ 18 million above market price . 
For instance , British Air is continuing to negotiate with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines about each acquiring a 20 % stake in Sabena World Airlines , the air transport subsidiary of the Belgian national airline . 
Big franchise groups `` can ride out the storm a lot longer , '' says Mr. Harty , the Burger King operator in New York . 
Johnson & Johnson reported a 10 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 12 % sales increase - results that were driven particularly by new products including pharmaceuticals and the company 's professional operations . 
But some investors continued to switch out of high-risk , high-yield junk funds despite yesterday 's rebound from that market 's recent price declines . 
`` We 've had a few bombs , '' admits Mr. Peters . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters refuse to concede that they may have made a tactical error in accepting the Sony offer before taking it up with Warner . 
Caere , a new software issue , surged from its offering price of 12 to close at 16 1\/8 . 
One person familiar with Georgia-Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion . 
And before it does , they 're trying to cut back on the clutter that created the situation in the first place . 
Even before the China crisis , weak U.S. demand was slowing local economic growth . 
He served as Mr. Roderick 's front man in tense negotiations for the 1982 purchase of Marathon Oil for $ 5.9 billion . 
The quake knocked The Well out for six hours , but when it came back up , it teemed with emotional first-hand reports . 
Ronald Edwin Parsons Ballwin , Mo . 
Wells Rich 's New Partner 
They say that the earthquake , by preventing many banks from operating at full capacity , has given the Fed an additional reason to keep liquidity at a high level . 
But what about the debt burden ? 
The 6 1\/2-foot-tall turtle , Pong Pagong , is a character who stars in the children 's television show `` Batibot . '' 
Merchants Bank of New York lost 1 to 106 after reporting that its third-quarter net income fell to $ 1.62 a share from last year 's $ 1.67 a share . 
There is a scene at the end of the first week 's show where Mancuso attends the unveiling of the memorial to his dead partner David . 
Your story was tasteless and insensitive . 
At one point , the reader is two steps ahead of Marlowe in catching on to a double identity scam -- and Marlowe is supposed to be the pro . 
The upshot ? 
But along with such treasured artifacts as Lord Nelson 's spyglass , Lloyd 's also brought its outmoded ways of doing business . 
Executives at Time Inc . Magazine Co. , a subsidiary of Time Warner , have said the joint venture with Mr. Lang was n't a good one . 
He can match Jackie Mason with his own Robert `` Sonny '' Carson , an angry street organizer who was convicted of kidnapping in 1974 . 
Few specialists said they expect the quake to have much of an effect on most California property values . 
THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY 'S 1988 costs of fund raising and administration were $ 72.4 million , or 23.2 % of its revenue . 
`` Noriega managed the whole thing . 
`` I 've told my staff and clients that they still have the ability to exercise their options , because they are guaranteed by the Options Clearing Corp. , '' said Michael Schwartz , a senior registered options strategist at Oppenheimer & Co . 
Each legislator , after all , is only one out of 535 when it comes to national policy making . 
`` I am ready at any moment to compete with a state farm . '' 
Hassan Kamel Ali is a card shark and dope dealer who has a simple creed : `` I live in this world , assuming that there is no morality , God or police . '' 
SMYRNA , Ga. -- 
However , if the secretary concludes that a transaction has made a carrier unfit to operate , the department may revoke its certificate , grounding the airline . 
The Treasury contended that TVA could n't borrow from both it and the public debt market . 
The magazine Success , however , was for years lackluster and unfocused . 
Mr. Horton , who oversaw Gulf Power 's governmental-affairs efforts , died mysteriously in a plane crash in April after learning he might be fired following the uncovering of irregularities in a company audit . 
AB Bofors , a unit of Nobel Industries Sweden AB , enters into a $ 1.4 billion contract with India 's Defense Ministry to supply 400 Bofors FH-77B 155-mm field howitzer guns . 
Standard-issue portraits of flaky Californians , snobbish homosexuals and Neanderthal union leaders undermine the force of the author 's perceptions . 
That means making sure that copies of vital computer software and company records are out of harm 's way . 
But skeptics question whether asset-backed bonds offer sufficient rewards to compensate for the extra risks . 
Traders said Goldman Sachs , Shearson Lehman Hutton and Salomon Brothers were the main force behind the futures buying at the pivotal moment . 
At first UAL did n't open because of an order imbalance . 
And the industry was rife with brokers trying to secure big client orders by using kickbacks , gifts , women and junkets . 
Tuesday , October 24 , 1989 
While such changes might sound minor , they are n't : Merrill Lynch manages or oversees some $ 300 billion in retail accounts that include everything from mutual funds to individual annuities . 
EARNINGS : 
The pilots ' contract with Eastern calls for a mutually acceptable private arbitrator to resolve such grievances . 
That 's an important distinction because some analysts and brokers , who perennially predict that small stocks are about to outperform bigger issues , may use any spurt in growth issues to help them sell all small stocks . 
He is president and chief executive officer of Comerica Inc. in Detroit . 
Sometimes , like now , it 's gray . 
Local service revenue increased 3.5 % and directory and unregulated business revenue jumped 9.5 % . 
Share prices also closed lower in Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Manila , Wellington and Seoul . 
Sales rose 2.2 % to $ 711.9 million from $ 696.1 million . 
Christopher Cox 's Oct. 13 editorial-page article `` Toward More Crippling Lawsuits ... '' misses the point . 
Jack Kemp wants to abolish it . 
Economists have been anticipating a slump for months , but they now say it will be deeper and longer than they had thought . 
However , `` we are n't currently doing anything . 
They note that he has adorned his office with five photos of George Bush , one of them featuring the First Dog , Millie . 
The economic loss , jobs lost , anguish , frustration and humiliation are beyond measure . 
Officials hinted , however , that SAS would take a stake of at least 6 % in Finnair , valued at about $ 40 million at current market prices . 
West German government bonds fell as much as 0.60 point in light , nervous trading . 
Judge Keenan also directed the prosecutors to show that Mrs. Marcos 's Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination wo n't be violated . 
Federal , on its own , had n't been doing very well overseas . 
Owings , Md . 
But the appropriations set in motion spending that adds to an already grim budget picture for fiscal 1991 . 
Japanese machinery makers received orders totaling 1.465 trillion yen ( $ 10.33 billion ) in August , up 14 % from a year earlier , the Economic Planning Agency said . 
`` But they did n't have to choose this particular moment . '' 
CHEVRON CORP. , San Francisco , oil company , annual sales of $ 25.2 billion , NYSE , had minor damage to downtown headquarters , but structural damage closed two of its seven buildings in San Ramone industrial park . 
The offer would give the transaction an indicated value of $ 189 million , based on the 18.9 million shares the group does n't already own . 
His other agreements to promote products have expired . 
`` I 'm not saying everything is hunky-dory , but we have completed the transition , '' Robert M. Price , chairman and chief executive , said in an interview . 
Valley National Corp. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 72.2 million , or $ 3.65 a share , and suspended its quarterly dividend because of potential losses on its Arizona real estate holdings . 
Another guy who thinks they 're out there and closing fast is Whitley Strieber , whose new novel , `` Majestic '' ( Putnam , 317 pages , $ 18.95 ) , takes a look at a reported 1947 UFO crash near the Roswell Army Air Field in a New Mexico desert . 
`` A lot of people think I will give away the store , but I can assure you I will not , '' he says . 
At the current price , the USAir holding represents 9 % of all the assets that Mr. Steinhardt manages . 
One administration official said notification was required even if the U.S. `` gets wind '' of somebody else 's coup plans that seem likely to endanger a dictator 's life . 
That 's because airline earnings , like those of auto makers , have been subject to the cyclical ups-and-downs of the economy . 
When the shah died , President Carter was so scared that the shah 's ghost would blame him for shoving him out to make way for the ayatollah that he declared the Carter Doctrine . 
Still , Boeing went through its normal verbal gymnastics and played up the downside . 
On my four-mile drive to farm headquarters each morning , I drive by another four empty houses . 
Michael Frawley , metals trader for PaineWebber Inc. in New York , said there is good technical support between $ 1.10 and $ 1.12 a pound for December copper , which ended Friday at $ 1.1580 a pound , up 1.6 cents . 
And at 9:15 , they posted a $ 135 to $ 155 `` first indication , '' or the price range in which the stock would probably open . 
Adolph Coors Co. said its Coors Brewing Co. unit will test market a new line of bottled water in the West beginning early next year . 
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988-model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6-liter fuel-injected engines to replace the oil filler cap . 
He graduated near the top of his class , serving on the school law review with Richard Thornburgh , who went on to become governor of Pennsylvania and , now , U.S. Attorney General . 
The agreement provides that Ikegai Corp. will remain a supplier to Ikegai-Goss , which makes printing presses for the newspaper industry . 
Estimated volume was a heavy seven million ounces . 
Consider Spendthrift Farm , a prominent Lexington horse farm that went public in 1983 but hit hard times and filed for bankruptcy-court protection last year . 
It is generally agreed that when CFCs rise from earth to stratosphere , the chlorine in them is capable of interfering with the process through which ultraviolet rays split oxygen molecules and form ozone . 
In addition to expected losses tied to the labor strike , the coal group has spent almost $ 20 million since the strike began for security , the company said . 
He was n't protecting the Freedom Marchers ; he was tailing them as subversives . 
`` It 's an attractive market with good growth opportunities , '' he added . 
The yield on six-month Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction , for example , was just 7.77 % . 
The hot-dipped galvanized segment is one of the fastest-growing and most profitable segments of the steel market , coveted by all major integrated steelmakers wanting to maintain an edge over smaller minimills and reconstructed mills -- those spun off to employees . 
While he did n't describe the partnerships ' financial condition , he said their operations `` continue to drain the resources of Equitec . '' 
Then cast-iron sewer pipe and the flush toilet were followed by sewage - and water-treatment plants toward the end of the 19th century . 
Mattel Inc. said third-quarter net income rose 73 % , to $ 38 million , or 76 cents a share , from $ 21.9 million , or 45 cents a share , a year ago . 
Commission income from domestic stock and bond sales accounts form a large portion of Japanese securities companies ' earnings . 
Mr. Louis-Dreyfus , in a recent interview , said he might sell `` a marginal agency or office . '' 
The Macy 's issue closed up about one point at a bid price of 97 . 
`` We kind of got caught between bureaucracies , '' says President William F. Brooks Jr . 
But British analysts are beginning to link the issues . 
A deep trench now runs along its north wall , exposed when the house lurched two feet off its foundation during last week 's earthquake . 
That would require fourth-quarter net of more than about 22 cents to 24 cents a share , assuming that Mr. Stein 's third-quarter estimate proves accurate . 
That 's about half the price of comparably equipped IBM mainframes . 
Michael F. Klatman , director of corporate public relations at Data General Corp. , was named to the new position of vice president , corporate communications , of this maker of data storage equipment . 
He also noted that the federal Drug Enforcement Administration has established a federal-local task force responsible since April for 106 arrests and more than $ 2 million in seizures of drug dealers ' assets . 
The new generation of plants will possess the flourishing , high-production trait known as `` hybrid vigor , '' similar to that now seen in hybrid corn . 
None of the officials was available for comment . 
Mr. Conway is no longer at the exchange . 
The bank holding company also reported that third-quarter profit dropped 41 % , to $ 42.7 million , or 61 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 72.3 million , or $ 1.04 a share . 
In developing that theme at Interpublic Group of Cos . ' Lintas : New York unit , account supervisor Lisa Buksbaum says she made a `` couple of phone calls '' to Dallas ad friends and reported her `` findings '' to a team of writers . 
Latest approvals : Bell Atlantic 's New Jersey Bell and General Dynamics . 
But Mr. Corr 's tenure was shorter than most . 
Also excluded will be investments in companies with `` significant '' business stemming from weapons manufacture , alcoholic beverages or tobacco . 
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22-year-old student from Pasadena , Calif . 
The extent of the disaster stemmed from years of chicanery and bureaucratic indifference . 
Mr. Schwarz says the competition `` broadens the base of opportunity for us . '' 
Sanwa Shutter Corp. said its affiliated company in Malaysia , established this April , will begin manufacturing steel doors Wednesday . 
Wisely Ms. Bogart has kept Gorky 's time and place intact . 
`` Our markets move so fast and they are so volatile , there 's no way the average investor can compete with the pros . '' 
Currently , the company has about six million common shares outstanding . 
`` The issue was very well-received -- Disney is such a well-known , you can say world-wide , name , '' said Vernon Dempsey , head trader of European equities at Kleinwort Benson Ltd. , which is making a market in the issue . 
The appeals court said the defense is valid only if federal officials did more than rubber stamp a company 's design or plans and engaged in a `` substantive review and evaluation '' on a par with a policy decision . 
In the quarter ended July 31 , Jayark had an average of 5.6 million shares outstanding . 
The fallout for investors lately has been painful . 
Treasury Securities 
The French electronics and defense group said attributable consolidated net profit for the first six months of 1989 totaled 244 million francs ( $ 38.4 million ) , compared with 130 million francs ( $ 20.5 million ) in the corresponding period of 
The venture , which involves adding sophisticated equipment to make cast-iron mill rolls , is part of a two-pronged effort to shore up a division that has posted continuing operating losses for several years . 
A piece down , the computer resigned . 
The appeals court also said the agency had to consider a company 's long-term ability to fund pension plans , not just short-term improved financial status . 
Concord Camera Corp. completed the acquisition of Peter Bauser G.m.b . H. , a West German photographic products distributor . 
Mr. Miles 's newly purchased shares are now worth $ 1,068,000 , based on Philip Morris 's closing price of $ 44.50 , up 62.5 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday . 
David Hubel , a Nobel laureate at Harvard , has taken the lead in defending research with animals , as has Dr. Michael DeBakey . 
Baby Ruth and Butterfinger are both among the top-selling 15 chocolate bars in the U.S. , but RJR 's overall share of the roughly $ 5.1 billion market is less than 5 % . 
But despite the differences in what they say , according to some analysts here , economic constraints mean the next president may not have many choices about what he does . 
`` We certainly see an increasing trend toward that , '' she added . 
She expects both revenue and profit to gain this year . 
The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index lost 3.11 to 379.46 . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : 
The idea for Movieline actually was dreamed up by an old friend of the Volokhs , Boris Krutchensky ( who has the title of co-publisher ) , and Laurie Halpern Smith , now the magazine 's co-editor . 
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex-accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either . 
Alex Henderson , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities , said that while Nashua 's performance this year has been `` atrocious , '' the company nonetheless is attractive as a `` classic breakup candidate because there 's no similarity between its { four } businesses . '' 
( Think what these numbers mean -- considering the headline space devoted to hundreds of deaths in Lebanon , a small country of little strategic importance ! ) 
`` Hurricane Hugo losses and the continuing industrywide downturn in the property and casualty insurance business were the major factors affecting quarterly comparisons , '' said Rand V. Araskog , chairman and chief executive officer . 
If I am catching your attention , then read a bold and informative article in this September 's issue of Science by Ethan Nadelmann on this subject . 
The main issue in the strike at the Ohio facility was health-care benefits , Mr. Stein said . 
Also , the broker-dealer subsidiary , Integrated Resources Equity Corp. , was renamed Royal Alliance Associates Inc . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Lep Group said a possible course of action may include acquiring some or all of the Profit Systems shares it does n't already own . 
Earlier this month , another effort to choose a commissioner failed . 
Scenario 3 , the `` Current Dollar Freeze , '' has been the approximate position of the House of Representatives for about four years . 
NUCLEAR REACTOR FOR ISRAEL ? 
And a Democratic aide to a Banking Committee member remarks , `` I too am astounded by it , because Gonzalez has certainly placed a lot of Democratic senators in a very bad position . '' 
The debt issues involved and the proposed consent fees and cash tender offer prices ( expressed per $ 1,000 of principal amount ) are as follows : 10 1\/2 % senior notes due 1994 at 101 % ; 11 % subordinated debt due 1999 at 102 % ; 9 3\/8 % notes due 1993 at 100 % ; and 8 3\/8 % notes due 1996 at 95.25 % . 
`` They 're trying to keep planes flying on days they 'd normally park them , '' says Roger Bard , president of Mr. Mitchell Travel Service in Burnsville , N.C . 
Instead of hoping to sell his USAir stake at analysts ' estimated buy-out price of $ 80 a share , Mr. Steinhardt is stuck with roughly 3.7 million USAir shares that cost him $ 45 , on average , but yesterday closed at 40 1\/2 , up 1\/4 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for disposable diapers and tissue products , and from increased sales , primarily for feminine-care products , the company said . 
The implication is that your permanent-insurance policy is really some kind of CD or mutual-fund account with an added feature . 
Much of the business has gone to the institute , an association of more than 100 insurers , including Cigna Corp. , Allianz Versicherungs AG of West Germany and Britain 's Commercial Union Assurance PLC . 
Nationwide Health said it has `` numerous financing activities '' under way to remedy the problem and will make up the dividend payment later if possible . 
`` Power names like that do n't hurt the city 's reputation , '' Mr. Miller says . 
Lonrho PLC of Britain is to come to the rescue of the French distribution group Societe Commerciale de l'Ouest Africaine in an operation that has been engineered with the Paribas financial group , Societe Commerciale 's main shareholder . 
The offering is rated doubleA-2 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , based on the quality of the underlying auto loans and a guarantee covering 9 % of the deal from Ford Motor Credit . 
He added B.A.T `` has no expectation of a material impact on Farmers . 
`` The slowdown is taking hold a lot more quickly and devastatingly than anyone had expected . '' 
Oil imports to Japan rose 12 % in September from year-earlier levels , according to statistics released by the government 's Ministry of International Trade and Industry . 
In August , a conservative weekly magazine reported that a pachinko industry organization donated money to Japan Socialist Party members . 
Since then , Eastern has been negotiating with creditors over revisions , but the creditors committee has been having problems with the revisions . 
According to news reports , the abrupt termination was due to fears that VOA transmissions could interfere with the peace process . 
Capital Associates dropped 1 to 5 3\/8 . 
Would he suggest that employees of an American company doing business in Japan conform to their new bosses ' culture and philosophy ? 
The sale , expected to close before the end of the year , also includes a manufacturing plant in Franklin Park , Ill . 
Yet , the unassuming Mr. Corry helped chart USX 's transition from Big Steel to Big Oil . 
Mr. Noriega 's initial retainer was only $ 50 to $ 100 a month , plus occasional gifts of liquor or groceries from the American PX , a former intelligence official says . 
`` New technologies are changing the way we deal with each other and the way we work , '' says Janlori Goldman , a staff attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union . 
In California and New York , state officials have opposed Channel One . 
Perhaps most important , Carl Icahn , who had once threatened a hostile takeover bid , was subdued . 
Many takeover-related stocks rose after news that a group obtained financing commitments for the proposed buy-out of American Medical International Inc . 
He adds that `` they were aware of the propensity for earthquakes and the San Andreas Fault . '' 
Therefore , the debate about poison pills will continue to rage in the boardrooms of corporations and the halls of academia . 
Nashua 's stock has fluctuated sharply on takeover speculation , rising to a high for the year of $ 42.875 a share in June from $ 29.75 in March . 
BEWARE OF HEAVY DEBT . 
Qintex Entertainment dropped 2 5\/8 to 1 1\/2 after seeking protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code for itself and its two operating subsidiaries , Hal Roach Studios and Qintex Productions . 
Sun , Hewlett-Packard and others say Intel is n't wholly to blame for the snafu . 
Safeco fell 1\/8 to 32 5\/8 on 462,900 shares . 
Reports by the Office of Technology Assessment do n't prescribe any specific legislative action but suggest a range of options that Congress may pursue . 
Analysts expect the spirits operations and some California vineyards that also are being sold to fetch about # 500 million ( $ 788.8 million ) . 
Soon the whole purpose of the demonstration is lost in mob mania . 
Cuba has been suspended from OAS membership , but the organization 's members are discussing Cuba 's reinstatement . 
CNBC is available to 13 million cable households . 
Prices were lower in Frankfurt , Zurich , Paris and Amsterdam . 
Exxon will use a Parker Drilling Co. rig built in 1981 that can go down 9 1\/2 miles . 
The electronics , automotive and aerospace concern said third-quarter net was $ 60 million , or 98 cents a share , down from $ 68 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier . 
Expo enthusiasts argue that holding the fair would attract businesses , create jobs and help renovate abandoned sections of town . 
Quantum is Sharon 's largest unsecured creditor . 
Excluding special gains from tax-loss carry-forwards , earnings in the latest quarter were $ 117.7 million , or $ 1.12 a share , compared with $ 187.4 million , or $ 1.76 a share . 
Some traders noted individual investors dumped NTT shares amid growing expectation for a division of the company as suggested by a recent government-sponsored panel . 
Market participants note that the mark continues to post heftier gains against its U.S. counterpart than any other major currency , particularly the yen . 
One advantage the buy-out group intends to press with the board is that pilots have agreed to make $ 200 million in annual cost concessions to help finance a bid . 
NRM suspended its common distribution in June 1988 and the distribution on its $ 2 cumulative convertible acquisition preferred units in September . 
Accepted bids ranged from 8.38 % to 8.395 % . 
The Senate convicted U.S. District Judge Alcee Hastings of Florida of eight impeachment articles , removing the 53-year-old judge from his $ 89,500-a-year , lifetime job . 
Strategy is not a game between the Pentagon and Congress ; it is the art of the possible in a world where constraints force us to choose between unpleasant or imperfect alternatives . 
Moreover , Suez had just finished winning an even larger battle last year for control of Societe Generale de Belgique . 
Traders said many of the sell programs are positions being established ahead of this Friday 's expiration . 
Mr. Kane said he expects several other companies to join some time after the venture completes a business plan , probably later this week . 
However , investment bankers say that banks are n't likely to lend the almost $ 5 billion that would be necessary for a takeover even at a lower price without someone putting up a hefty wad of cash -- probably even greater than the 17 % in cash put up by investors in the leveraged takeover of Northwest Airlines parent NWA Corp. in July . 
The Usinor unit has agreed to provide technology and expertise to install a so-called spin caster by early next fall . 
But parents ' craving for a top-rated education for their children is growing like their taste for fancy wheels and vintage wine . 
On it , a quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce three-quarters of its grain , beef , eggs and milk , and nine-tenths of its fruit , vegetables and potatoes . 
Your narrow focus appears to be a contrived attempt to show the people of that historic city to be doddering fools . 
Du Pont 's stock rose $ 2.50 a share to close at $ 117.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
Many Atlantans thought Pittsburgh was an unworthy heir . 
`` We will support it , we will thank him , and we will augment it where appropriate , '' said Rep. Vic Fazio ( D. , Calif . ) . 
But some large insurers , such as State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. , do n't purchase reinsurance , but fund their own program . 
`` So before I start to be really critical of NBC , I would like to know more about what happened . '' 
Pinkerton 's world headquarters today is a nondescript , two-story office building across the street from the small Van Nuys Airport . 
On Friday , Hambrecht & Quist added St. Jude Medical to the list of 20 stocks it strongly recommends . 
It said it does n't anticipate any loss of principal on two of the loans , comprising $ 85 million of these credits . 
A cell filled with heavy water is producing 1.0 to 1.5 watts more heat than an identical electrolytic cell filled with ordinary water next to it , reported Turgut M. Gur , an associate of materials scientist Robert A. Huggins , head of the Stanford experimental team . 
Simulated golf games , in which players hit golf balls into nets , have been installed at airports in Denver and Pittsburgh ... . 
Overall , Salomon reported program trading volume of 75.2 million shares . 
A spokesman for the city would n't confirm the size of the bond issue , but did say that a general obligation offering is in the works and should be priced sometime in the next two weeks , before the November mayoral election . 
When Walter Yetnikoff , the president of Sony Corp. 's CBS Records , last month told producer Peter Guber that Sony was about to make a $ 3.4 billion bid for Columbia Pictures and needed someone to run the studio , Mr. Guber jumped at the chance . 
A program called Notes , which is under development by Lotus , also is designed to sort E-mail sent within work groups . 
With that authority , of course , goes an unambiguous accountability . 
Independent estimates of output in those industries , including one by the Department of Labor for banking , suggests that productivity in finance and services appears to have risen by an average of at least 1.5 % a year between 1948 and 1988 . 
Breeders are betting on the common folk . 
After years of wild swings , oil prices over the last 12 months have settled at around $ 15 to $ 20 a barrel . 
Mr. Frank told Mr. Pilson that Olympics officials wanted $ 290 million or more for TV rights to the 1994 Winter Games in Norway . 
Massachusetts -- $ 230 million of general obligation bonds , consolidated loan of 1989 , Series D , due 1990-2009 , through a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group . 
Proponents of simplification fear that the chances of getting it into the final bill are waning . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Eaton closed at $ 57.50 a share , down $ 2.50 . 
Valley National had been paying a quarterly dividend of 36 cents a share . 
Jay Stevens , an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds , said he expected the Sunnyvale , Calif. , company to earn 35 cents a share for the quarter and said the firm 's weaker profit was partly the result of increased competition from International Business Machines Corp. , Amdahl 's principal competitor for mainframe sales . 
Some analysts said they believed Mr. Trump , whose towering ego had been viewed by some as a reason to believe he would n't back out , might come back with a lower bid . 
Consumers Power and Bechtel Power Corp. last year announced a joint venture to buy the plant , currently owned completely by the utility . 
The bonds are rated double-A-2 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , according to the lead underwriter . 
Buying from willing shareholders makes an unfriendly takeover impossible , Mr. Rey contends . 
Moreover , the interest on asset-backed securities is fully taxable , while interest on Treasury issues is tax-free at the state and local level . 
Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan meets regularly for lunch with Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady and talks frequently with Budget Director Richard Darman and Michael Boskin , chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers . 
NASA said it will take about a week before it knows exactly how many centers of the 6,000 connected to Internet were affected and the extent of the damage , if any . 
Kidder Peabody & Co. says it monitors bond-trading conversations between brokers and customers to safeguard order accuracy . 
In recent years , for example , Grand Metropolitan PLC of Britain acquired Heublein Inc. , while another British company , Guinness PLC , took over United Distillers Group and Schenley Industries Inc . 
`` You have n't seen the full effect of that yet . '' 
One roustabout , hanging by his hands from a ladder , bounces his weight on a three-foot wrench to loosen a stuck fitting . 
Without this basic level of attention to reality , our policies on Cuba will continue to be as counterproductive as they have for 30 years . 
Tandy had 86.3 million shares outstanding at Sept. 30 , down from 90 million a year earlier . 
Sales of Prozac , an anti-depressant , led drug-sales increases . 
Korean car exports have slid about 40 % so far this year , but auto makers here are n't panicking . 
The adjuster had n't completed all the calculations , but says : `` We 're talking policy limits . '' 
The Kabul regime would fall . 
Continental Cablevision Inc. , via underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. , priced $ 350 million of junk bonds at par to yield 12 7\/8 % . 
A month ago , a similar survey predicted the dollar would be trading at 1.8690 marks and 139.75 yen by the end of October . 
I have a question for Mr. Laband : How do I explain to the single mother of three standing in line next to me for the past three hours that the two bags of ice she needs to keep her children 's food edible will take her last $ 20 ? 
The Postels did not give permission . 
The fund 's lawyers work in an Athenian grove of potted trees . 
Polls bear out this warning , but after a decade of increased Republican influence here , the new politics of abortion have contributed to a world turned upside down for Mr. Courter . 
Noting that Sweden wound up wasting state subsidies of about 35 billion Swedish kronor ( $ 5.47 billion ) during the 1970s in a vain attempt to salvage its shipbuilding industry , one analyst suggested that Mr. Suominen may have decided to cut Finland 's losses once and for all . 
Cie . Generale des Eaux reported that net profit climbed 30 % in the first half of 1989 and said that it expects a gain of about 25 % for the full year . 
Ad Notes ... . 
One of the test schools , Withrow High School in Cincinnati , rejected the project . 
At the San Mateo Bridge , which connects the San Francisco peninsula with the East Bay , police were surprised at the speed with which traffic moved . 
`` I have to come here to read the walls , '' says the doctor , `` because it 's information I still ca n't get through the newspapers . '' 
Mr. Wakeman was vice president of the instrument and controls division of closely held Omega Engineering Inc. , another company controlled by Mr. Hollander . 
He says `` blaming futures is like blaming the messenger . '' 
If this battle were a movie , the producers would be fighting over two scripts with nothing but an opening scene in common . 
Texaco Inc. reported an 11 % increase in third-quarter earnings , which it attributed partly to the company 's massive restructuring after it emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings 18 months ago . 
For every dollar earned over $ 8,880 , Social Security recipients lose 50 cents of their Social Security benefits ; it 's like a 50 % marginal tax . 
The move , which was expected , marks the first time since Prohibition that Coors has sold a non-alcoholic beverage , and marks the company 's entry into a crowded , but fast-growing market that generated about $ 2.2 billion in sales last year . 
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares . 
Seagram closed at $ 84.75 , up 12.5 cents a share in Big Board trading . 
In France ? ? ! ! '' 
In the fiscal nine months ended June 30 , reports Raymond P. Keenan , assistant commissioner for collection , they examined about 13,000 employers , assessed more than $ 67 million in delinquent employment taxes , and reclassified about 56,000 workers as employees instead of self-employed contractors . 
Without the increase in defense bookings , September orders would have plummeted 3.9 % . 
Investigators cite the case of Matthew Valentine , who is currently serving a six-year sentence at Lompoc Federal Prison for his role in Intech Investment Corp. , which promised investors returns of as much as 625 % on precious metals . 
Many investors expected damage from the hurricane to be the catalyst for higher rates in the industry , which has been depressed because of low rates arising from intense competition . 
Some fund managers say inflows could increase in coming days as a result of stock selling in the wake of Friday 's 190.58 point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
Loud rock music accompanies all the scene changes , even those in the convent . 
And despite their share of duds , they make movies that make money . 
Iowa 's will be the second highest -- at $ 4.65 an hour in January 1992 -- but small-business lobbyists won an exclusion for tiny concerns and a lower training rate . 
For the second time , in a movie called `` The Bear , '' French director Jean-Jacques Annaud demonstrates just how powerful pictures can be . 
For more than 50 years , it has been the apple of our eye . 
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . '' 
`` Ken was my key contact , '' said J. Nicholas Hahn , president and chief executive officer of Cotton Inc. , which represents cotton producers . 
That information , he argued , is critical to reconstructing sharp market moves , such as the one nearly two weeks ago . 
J.C. Penney Co. is extending its involvement in a televised home-shopping service by five to 10 years . 
The commission said that EC television producers lost `` important market shares '' and suffered an `` unsustainable '' pressure on prices because of the Korean companies ' marketing and pricing policies , which it said were `` in clear violation '' of international trade rules . 
Before the 1987 crash , the P\/E was more than 20 . 
Many investors are unaware their funds have borrowed to speculate in such a risky market . 
The Beebes alleged that toxic fumes from the carpets made them sick . 
No single bill this year includes more discretionary spending for domestic programs and , apart from the space station , the measure incorporates far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
The three establishments -- two in Warsaw and one in Krakow -- accept only foreign currency and are joint ventures between Polish firms and Western companies . 
Worse , every week it suffers audience drop-off from `` Murphy Brown '' and viewership on CBS picks up again once `` Teddy Z '' is over and is followed by `` Designing Women . '' 
For the fourth quarter , Bristol-Myers Squibb will report one set of earnings . 
Each of the four parties bidding for PS of New Hampshire proposes a complex financial package to satisfy creditors and shareholders and also proposes a formula to limit rate increases to satisfy the state . 
Overall they increased 2.8 % to 12.1 million , putting U S West over the 12 million mark for the first time . 
Mr. Dorsch says the HIAA is working on a proposal to establish a privately funded reinsurance mechanism to help cover small groups that ca n't get insurance without excluding certain employees . 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. has them under review . 
The computer maker said net jumped to $ 87 million , or $ 2.02 a share , from $ 58 million , or $ 1.40 a share , a year earlier . 
CBS will pay an average of $ 82 million more each year than ABC and NBC had paid together -- and those two networks expect losses on baseball this season . 
That is , with capital gains cut , the glue of the 1986 accord will be gone , and political realities will push up income-tax rates . 
Banco Exterior was created in 1929 to provide subsidized credits for Spanish exports . 
On Friday , 13 % of volume was in computer-guided program trades . 
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago . 
Mr. Rosen , though , believes imports have reinvigorated the industry in which he has worked for most of his 57 years . 
The announcement of the buy-out 's troubles triggered the market 's nose dive a week ago . 
That introduction comes only two weeks after Compaq Computer Corp. , believing it had a lead of three to six months on competitors , introduced the first U.S. notebook computer with such features . 
Based on his control of about 45 % of Winnebago 's 24.7 million shares , his annual dividend income would be cut to about $ 2.2 million from $ 4.4 million . 
Granges did n't say what impact the moves would have on total gold output or earnings , and company officials were n't available . 
They scooped up hundreds of S&P futures when the market needed it most . 
The union represents about 28,000 engineers and technical workers . 
Panamanian dictator Torrijos , he was told , had granted the shah of Iran asylum in Panama as a favor to Washington . 
Despite his reluctance to take the latter step , the judge indicated he would move quickly after hearing testimony later this week in the bitter dispute between Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. and Minpeco S.A. , a minerals concern owned by the Peruvian governmemt . 
L.J. Hooker Corp. is expected to reach an agreement in principle this week to sell Merksamer Jewelers Inc. to management , say executives familiar with the talks . 
As well , reinsurers and insurance brokerage companies will have improved profits . 
The only U.S. liability in the region is what remains of the link to Mr. Barre , and that should be cut fast . 
Spokesmen for Wendy 's and McDonald 's criticized Mr. Rohs 's calculations . 
`` Do n't take this as some big opening for major movement on economic cooperation , or arms control , or the environment , '' he said . 
Still , says Mr. Lee : `` We need to educate people that they need to get to a phone somehow , some way , to let someone know what their status is . '' 
Critics have complained that the law unfairly strips defendants of assets before a jury determines they have committed a crime and that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can ruin corporate defendants or force them into unfavorable plea bargains . 
In over-the-counter national trading , Bowater Inc. jumped $ 1.50 to $ 27.50 . 
Kellogg dropped 1 3\/4 to 73 1\/4 . 
`` If the two sides are n't careful , U.S.-China ties could spin downward , out of control , '' says a U.S. official in Beijing . 
The scare over Alar , a growth regulator that makes apples redder and crunchier but may be carcinogenic , made consumers shy away from the Delicious , though they were less affected than the McIntosh . 
The Vatican , which denies any wrongdoing , paid $ 250 million to the Milan bank 's creditors as a `` goodwill gesture '' in 1985 . 
Some badly managed partnerships have burned investors , sometimes after they received advice from industry `` consultants . '' 
But the people familiar with the talks said that Warner is n't expected to get any cash in the settlement . 
Only twice since the 1960s has annual gross domestic product growth here fallen below 5 % for two or more consecutive years . 
Mr. Mason says he 's convinced the public still wants to invest in common stocks , even though they believe the deck is stacked against them . 
One of those new computers , called Sparcstation 1 , accounted for nearly half of the 28,000 systems Sun shipped in the quarter , he said . 
Republicans countered that long-range revenue estimates were unreliable . 
In the outfield , Paul Blair , the Orioles ' eight-time Gold Glove winner , elegantly shags a fly . 
A few months later , CBS 's college and pro football contracts come up for renewal ; they could go for close to $ 100 million more than CBS now pays , a 40 % to 50 % rise . 
Another significant factor in the capitalgains debate is the extent to which it has become a purely political battle between President Bush and Senate Majority Leader Mitchell . 
Sales rose 2.9 % to $ 5.42 billion , from $ 5.27 billion . 
But will it ? 
The ordinance , in Moon Township , prohibits locating a group home for the handicapped within a mile of another such facility . 
( The company did n't put out a public announcement . 
It is not quite true , for example , that the Mexican government has `` privatized '' Mexicana de Aviacion , as Mr. Ortiz claims . 
The state began such work after a 1971 tremblor in Southern California , when numerous bridges collapsed . 
In over-the-counter trading , MGM Grand was bid at $ 17.50 a share . 
As the strike enters its 15th day today , some members are getting nervous , the spokesman conceded , but the majority of the 55,000 Machinists are prepared to `` wait it out as long as it takes . 
RESIDENTIAL builders , faced with a more competitive market , are turning to a traditional consumer marketing technique to establish brand-name identity . 
`` What this means is that Europeans will have these machines in their offices before Americans do , '' the spokesman said . 
Another reason for the weakness , he said , may be that mortgage rates have hit a plateau since they began edging down after a peak in March . 
That 's because it reduces the cost of the stock by the amount of premium received from the sale of the call . 
At least 40 companies are coming to the capital market to raise $ 6 billion , an amount never thought possible in India . 
The effective date of the registration is to be determined by the SEC . 
For corporations , the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 33 % from the current top rate of 34 % . 
`` Only a decade ago cancer was a black box about which we knew nothing at the molecular level . 
`` We have no independent evidence linking Fatah to any acts of terrorism since Dec. 15 , 1988 , '' he said , referring to the specific PLO group that Mr. Arafat heads . 
{ During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . } 
Judges will write the real bill as suits roll through the courts . 
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast-moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not . 
This is the way government is supposed to work , with politicians taking responsibility for votes that their constituents can identify , instead of concealing them in the great reconciliation garbage truck . 
Mr. Thal says that Elizabeth Taylor , a client , `` hates being called ` Liz . ' ... 
City building codes require construction that can resist temblors . 
Lawyers for the Garcias said they plan to appeal . 
Said Earl Ellis , a Jacobson partner who got involved in the UAL action , `` It all starts all over again '' today . 
Running a charity does cost money , but reputable organizations manage to get the lion 's share of donations out to where they are really needed . 
Analysts worry that the disk-drive and leasing problems will last at least through the first quarter . 
He should chop out both unconstitutional provisions and budget pork . 
They said the agreement will be submitted to their respective supervisory boards next Wednesday . 
The jury also convicted them of extortion in obtaining a $ 20,000 interest-free loan from an officer of the defunct defense contractor . 
The markets are complex , as is the environment in which they function . 
Cost is a key consideration because of the global sweep of the financial markets . 
Columbia , S.C . 
Most have read the pre-trial documents , however , and estimate Kodak will be ordered to pay $ 1 billion to $ 1.5 billion for infringing on seven Polaroid patents . 
It certainly wo n't get there on looks . 
Olin said its chemical segment had profit of $ 22 million , up from $ 15 million a year ago , largely because of gains in electrochemicals such as caustic soda . 
The 6 3\/4 % notes due April 1994 were up 0.10 point to 97.85 to yield 7.31 % . 
What 's more , he believes seasonal swings in the auto industry this year are n't occurring at the same time as in the past , because of production and pricing differences that are curbing the accuracy of seasonal adjustments built into the employment data . 
Early in his political career , as a city councilman in San Antonio , he walked out of a meeting when political supporters asked that the police chief be replaced , denouncing the closed-door affair publicly as a `` bat-roost meeting . '' 
Both of these actions are n't characteristic of real Hells Angels , Mr. Christie said . 
MEA CULPA . 
By taking power in a deal with the Peasant Party 's onetime Communist stooges , Solidarity has spooked the rural entrepreneur . 
At one point , the Dow Jones Industrial average fell about 80 points on news that UAL Corp. decided to remain independent . 
Berlitz will borrow an amount equal to its expected net proceeds from the offerings , plus $ 50 million , in connection with a credit agreement with lenders . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Norfolk Southern shares closed at $ 37.875 , up $ 1.125 . 
`` We call this land of ours Great Britain , and there may be those who believe this a somewhat immodest practice . 
What that will mean for manufacturers is anybody 's guess . '' 
It had profit of $ 48.6 million , or $ 2.46 a share , in the 1988 period . 
Mr. Darby called it a `` disappointment '' but predicted exports will pick up again . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Bay closed at $ 2.625 , down 25 cents . 
The governments of Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba have strongly opposed federal regulation of their telephone companies . 
The wage stickiness , which OECD studies confirm is particularly high in Britain , gives its economy a structural bias toward inflation . 
A company spokesman said the decision to eliminate the dividend resulted from a quarterly appraisal and that circumstances had changed since the December announcement . 
Quebecor started the Philadelphia Journal , a daily tabloid , in 1977 and closed it three years later . 
With that possibility in mind , analysts said the transaction was a positive move for First City . 
It also saves money . 
Mr. Kristol , an American Enterprise Institute fellow , co-edits The Public Interest and publishes The National Interest . 
At the time , the company said it was recalling one of its drugs and had stopped selling two others . 
One Washington couple recently sold their liquor store after 34 years in business that included four robbery deaths and 16 robberies or burglaries on the premises . 
Prior to the introduction of financial futures in the late 1970s , most trading firms clustered around the LaSalle Street financial district here were family operations handed down from one generation to the next . 
When that agreement expires , Torstar will be free to increase its 22.4 % stake in Southam , or to make an offer for the whole company . 
Christian legislators are insisting on a Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon before agreeing to political changes giving the nation 's Moslems a greater role in Beirut 's government . 
Tennessee and North Carolina , home states of the two Democratic chairmen of the House and Senate military construction subcommittees , receive $ 243.2 million , or 25 % above the Pentagon 's request . 
With most legislatures adjourned for the year , small business is tallying its scorecard . 
He correctly says he has been down on Noriega for some time , hence his criticism of administration mishandling of the attempted coup . 
But he said JAL is talking to Lufthansa and Air France about some sort of cargo venture . 
The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much-larger Paribas . 
Jack Greenberg , executive vice president and chief financial officer of McDonald 's , says the company does n't compute , much less disclose , inflation-adjusted , same-store sales . 
`` Unless he changes , they lose , '' said a Democratic leadership aide . 
The thrifts had a combined loss of $ 487.8 million in the second quarter . 
`` He asked me not to resign . 
The guide scoops into a pail and puts a frantically wiggling croaker on the hook . 
Japan , the world 's third-largest liquor market after the U.S. and Britain , helped American companies in April when it lowered its tax on imported spirits and levied a tax on many domestic products . 
General Motors Corp. 's GMC Truck division put a $ 750 cash incentive on its 1990 full-sized Jimmy and Suburban trucks . 
`` To slow the rise in total spending , it will be necessary to reduce per-capita use of services , '' the NAM warns in a policy statement . 
The procedure involves encasing the concrete columns with steel , then connecting them more securely to the double-decker roadbed . 
General Motors , for example , uses metric terms for its automobile bodies and power trains . 
An attorney will be able to use the network for an hourly fee of between $ 200 and $ 400 , depending on the quality of the picture , to take depositions from witnesses in any of the connected cities . 
Bond dealers said the rates for the long-term tax-exempt New York City bonds were among the highest , as a percentage of Treasury rates , for any New York City issue in recent memory . 
Great Western Financial said third-quarter profit rose slightly to $ 68.4 million , or 52 cents a share , from $ 67.9 million , or 53 cents a share , from a year ago . 
For one thing , Digital , Maynard , Mass. , has sold fewer machines . 
The company also posted third-quarter earnings that were in line with analysts ' forecasts . 
Michael Carstens , an analyst with Tucker Anthony & R.L. Day , added that the sale of assets would allow Sea Containers to focus on its core container businesses . 
The stocks of computer-related companies located outside California improved , too . 
The in-home health care services provider said it will sell 1.8 million of the new shares , while Home Nutritional Services will sell the remaining 2.2 million . 
Lawrence B. Seidman , 41 years old , was named chairman of this savings and loan institution . 
Although manufacturers often are quick to call for lower interest rates , 60 % of the executives said they would prefer that the Fed keep inflation-fighting as its top priority even if that means higher rates . 
He surveys the prospective investors gathered in the board room of the Philippine government 's Asset Privatization Trust for the sale of a 36 % interest in the country 's largest paper mill . 
Mr. Baker will relinquish his previous positions , but a successor for him has n't been named yet . 
Spending by average Japanese households in August fell an adjusted 1.9 % from a year earlier , the Statistics Bureau of the Prime Minister 's Office said . 
Margins were raised or lowered about a dozen times since the crash Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
The figure also may reflect initial claims filed by striking Nynex Corp. workers who have become eligible for unemployment benefits , the official said . 
Under other laws applying to pesticide use , however , that same chemical could be allowed to be used on fresh food if it fell within the EPA 's tolerance level . 
Erich Krampe , president of the U.S. sales arm of West German auto maker Daimler Benz AG , predicted luxury-car sales will rise to 840,000 in 1990 from 830,000 this year primarily because of the new Japanese makes . 
As Brooks Brothers jumps into the fashion fray , it will be playing catch up . 
According to testimony in a public , 80-page grand-jury report handed up to the state attorney general , Judge O'Kicki extorted cash from lawyers , muscled favorable loans from banks and bullied local businesses for more than a decade . 
Perhaps the most disturbing finding is that the bowling alley may be an endangered American institution . 
About 1.1 million Class C warrants were issued , the company said . 
By comparison , Republicans have held closer to the anti-abortion movement . 
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures . 
It was down a little . 
A REVISED BID FOR UAL is being prepared by a labor-management group , sources said . 
As matters stand , the Salinger ruling , torn from context and broadly construed , is controlling . 
A major difference is that a snapped wooden pencil will have a slivered break while a plastic model will break cleanly . 
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country . 
Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses . 
The name Maidenform was coined by a third business partner , Enid Bissett . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
Cable & Wireless PLC of Britain won the other license . 
A four-stock portfolio is still exposed to a great deal of unnecessary risk . 
About a year ago , it ended an on-again , off-again internal production war that had put prices on a roller coaster and pitched oil towns from Houston to Caracas into recession . 
Southwestern Bell Corp. said net dropped 8.7 % , mainly the result of four extraordinary items : a franchise tax refund that its Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. unit received last year ; a production shift of several Yellow Pages directories to the fourth quarter from the third ; a rate refund in Missouri and a one-time adjustment to phone company revenues . 
Forecasting is only one part of Litigation Sciences ' work . 
The hotel and Gaming company said Merrill Lynch Capital Markets will lead the underwriters . 
`` North , '' the document went on , referring to Oliver North , `` has told Noriega 's representative that U.S. law forbade such actions . 
Japan is going on a capital-spending binge that could make its trade surpluses even harder to shrink . 
Despite objections by the CIA , Mr. Bush also has agreed to the establishment of an inspector general at the CIA who would be independent of the CIA director . 
Most of that increase came in the first hour after the phone lines opened at 8 a.m . 
But then it turned out that President Siad Barrah was not at all a nice person and the Navy pointed out that the base he promised us in Berbera had silted up about a hundred years ago and anyway was 1,244 miles from the mouth of the Gulf . 
Robert Schneider of Duff & Phelps sees paper-company stock prices falling 10 % to 15 % in 1990 , perhaps 25 % if there 's a recession . 
Both said the new plan would n't work . 
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being . 
The man who wore out his shoes wandering around Guadalajara in 1958 , describing in his travel book `` Viaje a la Alcarria '' how he scrounged for food and stayed in squalid inns , now tours Spain in a Rolls-Royce . 
First , there 's the name : `` asset-backed securities . '' 
Analysts are concerned that much of the high-yield market will remain treacherous for investors . 
So why did advertising pages plunge by almost 10 % and ad revenue by 7.2 % in the first half ? 
That 's certainly good news for such companies as Compaq Computer Corp. , Houston , which has only a four-day supply of microprocessors from the Valley on hand because of a just-in-time manufacturing approach that limits the buildup of inventory . 
But he said the downturn probably wo n't become a `` major contraction '' similar to those of 1974 and 1982 . 
The fibers business , whose products go into textiles , carpeting and myriad industrial uses , now accounts for only 20 % of Akzo 's sales . 
Exactly right . 
`` We went to six companies over two days pitching the prospect , '' says Tim Parker , a Santa Fe exploration manager . 
There are , according to several securities commissioners , at least 16 states that are either close to settlements with Drexel or who do n't appear opposed to settling . 
In any new proposal , British Air would expect a greater rate of return than the 20%-plus in the original proposal . 
He lived with her . 
Howell , a Port Washington , N.Y. , construction concern , was established in 1891 . 
Who cares ? 
The sale of the company 's cable franchise brought an after-tax gain of $ 193.3 million , part of which will be used to reduce debt . 
Indeed , a few economists maintain that global forces will continue to govern Hong Kong 's economic rhythm . 
Part of the reason for the heavy activity in derivative markets is that underwriters are repackaging mortgage securities being sold by thrifts . 
Since gold tends to soar when inflation is high , that finding suggests that people believe inflation remains under control . 
It was the first day of trading following the suspension of Navigation Mixte shares last Monday , when Paribas announced its plan to pay 1,850 francs for each Navigation Mixte share . 
Like Mr. Brown , they sometimes go to surprising lengths to meet that overarching corporate goal : delivering the goods on time . 
The pilots could play hardball by noting they are crucial to any sale or restructuring because they can refuse to fly the airplanes . 
Though details were sketchy in the aftermath of the violent earthquake that shook the high-tech corridor along with the rest of the San Francisco Bay area , a spot check of computer makers turned up little , if any , potentially lingering damage to facilities or fabrication equipment . 
Why did East Bloc participants unanimously endorse market-based pollution approaches ? 
The vehemence of the emotions aroused by the case testifies to its symbolic importance in the war that Thurber accepted as an eternal part of the human condition . 
Cummins Engine Co. , Columbus , Ind. , hurt by a drop in engine orders from heavy-truck makers , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 39.7 million , or $ 4.12 a share , on essentially flat sales of $ 807.6 million . 
FileNet said it does n't believe the state has a valid basis of default and is reviewing its legal rights under the contract , but said it ca n't predict the outcome of the dispute . 
The margin of error for subgroups -- for example , married women with children at home -- would be larger . 
That may be the last thing she needs . 
Mr. Lang will do away with expensive circulation drives , not to mention sales staff , and attempt to publish the 17-year-old magazine supported by circulation revenue alone . 
The Financial Services division has guaranteed the Dorrance family that it will receive a minimum of $ 100 million for the collection , regardless of what the bids for the art works total , people close to the transaction say . 
COCA-COLA Co . ( Atlanta ) -- 
Grand Metropolitan PLC , the United Kingdom food and beverage group that owns Pillsbury Inc. of the U.S. , announced a reshuffling of board-level executive duties intended to fit the company 's recent expansion . 
Now the Senate 's stripped-down bill omits any proposal to deal with the corporate tax . 
Trifari , whose national ads earlier this year included paper cutouts of its costume finery , takes a tamer approach . 
Meanwhile , U.S. Attorney Jerry Rafferty in Denver is reviewing the report prepared by MiniScribe 's outside directors , to determine if criminal charges should be brought before a grand jury . 
`` On occasion , he paid a high price , '' Mr. Wachter concedes , but he says those who bid less and dropped out were dealers who would then have marked up the paintings to resell them at a profit to collectors . 
Mr. Price `` wanted to run the MTM business '' and may have regretted selling the company to TVS , suggested Charles Denton , managing director of Zenith Productions , a subsidiary of Carlton Communications PLC , London . 
`` I 'll stay with BART , '' said one secretary , swallowing her fears about using the transbay tube . 
Markets usually get noticed because they soar or plunge . 
Triad Solutions says software producers had each invested hundreds of thousands of dollars in programs that now have no use . 
Through the first nine months of the year , Kidder ranks a distant 10th among underwriters of U.S. stocks and bonds , with a 2.8 % market share , up slightly from 2.5 % in the year-earlier period , according to Securities Data Co . 
Short interest in the American depositary receipts of Jaguar , the target of both Ford Motor and General Motors , more than doubled . 
A more blue-collar panel became a second aim . 
That would force the buy-out firm and the target company 's management to reduce their level of ownership . 
Per capita income , a widely used measure of a nation 's economic health , hit a record in 1988 , rising 1.7 % after inflation adjustment to $ 13,120 . 
Many streets and sidewalks buckled , and subterranean water mains and service connections ruptured . 
At the end of this period , the poison pill would be eliminated automatically , unless a new poison pill were approved by the then-current shareholders , who would have an opportunity to evaluate the corporation 's strategy and management team at that time . 
In 1900 , for instance , less than 8 % of assets went into bank deposits . 
Prenatal diagnosis of genetic defects as early as the sixth week of pregnancy is increasingly common today . 
William C. Barksdale Jr . 
While the market expects little reaction from news of U.S. durable goods orders , scheduled for release today , participants note that the figures will probably serve to reinforce this bearish sentiment . 
Power is back on , and UCSF { medical center } seems to have quieted down for the night ( they were doing triage out in the parking lot from the sound and lights of it ) . 
Mr. Garcia acknowledges the problem and says the Asset Trust will study why the bidding failed and what changes the agency may be able to offer . 
In a statement , Jacques-Francois Martin , director general of Merieux , said the French company is still determined to acquire Connaught . 
For now , traders say the foreign exchange market is scrutinizing both federal funds and events on Wall Street . 
Mr. Courter is further hobbled by a record of votes opposed to government regulation on behalf of consumers . 
Mitsubishi Trust & Banking Corp . ( Japan ) -- 200 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with a fixed 0.75 % coupon at par , via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
Jim Beam Brands has a distribution partnership with Nikka Whiskey Co. , a distiller . 
Harsco Corp. said it obtained a $ 33.1 million export order for armored recovery vehicles and related support equipment . 
But Richard Anderson , head of the Forum for College Financing Alternatives , at Columbia University , a research group partly financed by the federal government , says zeros are particularly ill-suited . 
These states have been entering into settlements with Drexel as part of the firm 's efforts to operate freely anywhere in the U.S. despite its record as an admitted felon . 
The state 's suit alleges that Exxon 's response to the spill failed to prevent contamination of hundreds of miles of shoreline along Prince William Sound . 
Investors bailed out of New York City bonds in droves last week , driving prices lower and boosting yields . 
The main argument for growth stocks is their usually superior performance in a slowing economy . 
Continental is Texas Air 's flagship and was built painfully to its present size under Mr. Lorenzo after emerging from bankruptcy proceedings in 1986 . 
Unlike the earlier U.S. farm-trade proposal which struck European countries as too extreme , the latest plan would provide some room for maneuver . 
Mr. Percival declined to comment . 
The independent-contractor project , which began in 1988 , involves about 350 IRS agents . 
Another murderer on death row has appealed Mr. Simmons 's death sentence in a `` next friend '' capacity . 
But owning index futures is n't the same as owning the underlying stocks . 
It is merely the most obvious . 
A number of developments were negatively interpreted by traders . 
The U.S. had been under pressure from several Cocom members , especially France , West Germany and Italy , to ease restrictions on some types of machine tools , which those countries argued were now widely available to East Bloc countries from non-Cocom members . 
Half-year production was up 3.4 % compared with the same period a year earlier . 
`` When they talk mega-issues , they 're truly talking mega , '' says S.A. Dave , chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India . 
Short interest in Nasdaq over-the-counter stocks rose 6 % as of mid-October , its biggest jump since 6.3 % last April . 
The Charter Revision Commission has made it clear that in response to the expectations of the Justice Department and the commission 's own commitment to enhancing minority political leadership , the new district lines will be drawn to maximize the number of solidly minority districts . 
If the political establishment is reluctant to forgive sexual misadventures , the private sector sometimes will . 
The No. 3 U.S. auto maker had a 23.7 % plunge in car sales to 22,336 and a 17.5 % drop in truck sales to 22,925 , which include its minivans and Jeeps . 
Previously , he noted , gold producers tended to back off from a rising gold market , letting prices rise as much as possible before selling . 
Mr. Inouye , who chairs the select committee on Indian Affairs , used his power to move $ 400,000 from the Air Force to the Bureau of Indian Affairs to assist in renovating a decommissoned base to accommodate a drug and alcohol rehabilitation center . 
`` Everybody pretty much pitched in and cooperated , '' said Stan Perez , a sergeant with the California Highway Patrol . 
That is the truth . '' 
Mr. Toussie said he would respond to Lionel 's suit after his lawyers review it . 
Markets -- 
But `` the check arrived in the mail , '' said Stephen Kidder , Massachusetts Commissioner of Revenue . 
r - Revised . 
She declines to show them . 
It was the first time anyone had showed that the loss of both copies of the same gene could lead to the eruption of a cancer . 
Specifically , Fujitsu won the right to design the specifications for a computerized system that will show water lines throughout the city . 
The machines will cost around $ 16,250 on average in Europe . 
The company 's stock ended at $ 48.375 , up 25 cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Loews , the parent of CNA Financial , rose 1 3\/8 to 123 1\/8 . 
Labor costs continued to rise more rapidly in service industries than in goods-producing industries , the report showed . 
Coke and Pepsi are all the same to me , and I usually buy whichever brand of coffee happens to be on sale . '' 
Although the rate briefly drifted even lower following the stock market sell-off that occurred Oct. 13 , it ended Friday at about 8 11\/16 % . 
The Fed delayed approval of First Union 's $ 849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks pending a review of First Union 's lending practices in low-income neighborhoods . 
The two objectives most commonly thought to be legitimate competitors for the attention of the Fed are high employment and rapid real growth . 
All of the bidders contemplate full payment including interest to secured creditors . 
But to avoid the risk of rejection , the group does n't plan to submit the plan formally at a UAL board meeting today . 
A spokesman for Southam declined to comment on the price the company is seeking or on estimates of the paper 's annual losses , which most analysts place at between C$ 4 million and C$ 7 million . 
Her sister-in-law ( Amy Wright ) is a sniveling prude afraid that Kate will seduce all the married men in town , including a particularly loathsome fellow named Tucker , whose idea of fun is to leave his wife at home tending to her bruises and cigarette burns , while he bullies Kate into a dance that consists of drooling on her while trying to break her ribs . 
In his climb to the top , Mr. Dozen also headed the company 's stock-exchange division , its fixed-income units and its international operations . 
Allied-Signal reported that net rose 1.7 % to $ 121 million , or 81 cents a share , from $ 119 million , or 80 cents a share , the year earlier . 
Although imports account for less than 1 % of beer sales in Japan , Asahi Breweries Ltd. , which has been gaining share with its popular dry beer , plans to fend off Japanese competitors by pouring $ 1.06 billion into facilities to brew 50 % more beer . 
Pilots , as well , routinely fly overtime to ensure that none are furloughed during seasonal lows . 
Supporters of the bill are concerned an airline might sacrifice costly safety measures in order to repay debt . 
It said the situation is caused by efforts to streamline bloated factory payrolls . 
La Jolla is the parent company of La Jolla Bank & Trust Co. , which has 12 branches in San Diego County . 
To simplify the calculations , commissions on the option and underlying stock are n't included in the table . 
Members of the Senate Banking Committee know Mr. Breeden from working on the thrift-bailout bill , and the relationship generally remains warm . 
The latest 10-year Treasury was quoted at 100 22\/32 to yield 7.88 % , compared with 100 17\/32 to yield 7.9 % . 
For more than a decade , Mr. Etzioni , the sociologist , has been a leading critic of the masseurs . 
He added that Petco remained in compliance with all industry capital requirements during the market 's rapid plunge Friday and Monday 's rebound . 
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey -- $ 55.8 million of Series C bonds priced by a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group . 
East Rock Partners Limited Partnership said it proposed to acquire A.P. Green Industries Inc. for $ 40 a share . 
But , with public demonstrations in the country growing in size and intensity , Mr. Honecker and several key allies lost out in this battle , officials say . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Shaw 's shares closed ex-dividend at $ 26.125 , up $ 2.25 . 
The rest were withdrawn for lack of acceptable bids . ) 
To make it to top-10 status , it would have to leapfrog over such formidable forces as Grey Advertising , D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles and Omnicom 's DDB Needham . 
A United spokesman said 14 of its 21 gates were unusable , mainly because of water damage caused when a sprinkler system was triggered by the tremors . 
The increase reflects spending on the S&L rescue as well as payroll and Social Security checks normally issued in October that were issued in September this year because Oct. 1 fell on a Sunday . 
He has canceled numerous campaign appointments and was largely inaccessible to the media until the stock story broke . 
The issue is backed by Freddie Mac 8 1\/2 % securities . 
Joseph Grano , president of retail sales and marketing at PaineWebber Group Inc. , still thinks that individual investors will eventually go back into the stock market . 
That suit is pending . 
Siemens is West Germany 's largest electronics group . 
The chains `` used to offer discounts during winter when business was slow , but in the last year or so , discounting has become a 12-month thing , '' says Donald Harty , president of Charisma Group Inc. , a New York franchisee of Grand Metropolitan PLC 's Burger King chain . 
`` The current backlog of orders is strong throughout the corporation , '' he said . 
Earlier this month the St. Louis Fed held a conference to assess the system 's first 75 years . 
Despite the drop in prices for thoroughbreds , owning one still is n't cheap . 
Analysts are skeptical Provigo will be able to sell the non-food businesses as a group for at least book value , and are expecting write-downs . 
The Soviet State Bank announced a 90 % devaluation of the ruble against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb the nation 's rapidly growing black market for hard currency . 
The Navy awarded Litton Industries Inc. 's Ingalls Shipbuilding division $ 15.5 million for shipyard services on the Aegis cruiser program . 
He is an avuncular figure who remembers the birthdays of colleagues ' children , opens doors for women , and almost never has a bad word to say about anybody . 
The wait was miserable . 
Rather than scaring off white voters , as many predicted he would , Mr. Dinkins attracted many whites precisely because of his reputation for having a cool head . 
Marshall Y. Taylor 
Soybean and corn futures prices moved higher on the strength of buying from commodity pool managers trying to profit from technical price trends , as well as continued export strength . 
Everyone was extremely long on sterling , '' Mr. Beale said . 
And expenses , up 7.9 % in the quarter , have stayed stubbornly high . 
The value of the jets , including spares , is in excess of $ 250 million . 
Lebanon 's Gen. Aoun placed Christian military forces on alert in case of renewed fighting with Syrian-backed Moslems after Lebanon 's two main Shiite militias rejected an Arab-sponsored peace accord . 
General Dynamics credited significant earnings gains in its general aviation and material service segments , an earnings recovery in submarine operations , and higher military aircraft sales . 
If the contract is as successful as some expect , it may do much to restore confidence in futures trading in Hong Kong . 
One team at the Federal Express Ground Operations station in Natick , Mass. , focused on a particularly time-sensitive operation : the morning package sort . 
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes . 
The question , as many people see it , is how long such uncertainty will last . 
A shadow jury is a way to do that in a more systematic and organized way . '' 
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds . 
American Medical said it would pursue the inquiries from the companies , but would n't identify them unless they make firm offers . 
Surveys repeatedly show that small-business owners rank the availability and rising cost of health insurance as one of their biggest concerns . 
The state has endorsed the New England Electric plan , which promises to limit rate increases to 4.8 % annually for seven years . 
The champion apparently was not worried at all about D.T. 's strong points . 
MCA strongly opposed the Drabinsky group 's move . 
Italy should close the Leaning Tower of Pisa because it 's a danger to tourists , government-appointed experts said . 
The same issue threatens to spill over to the foreign aid debate , and Mr. Bush also is threatening to veto any agreement that preserves Senate-passed provisions renewing U.S. support for the United Nations Fund for Population Activities . 
On Farmers , Mr. Prideaux said it is too early to quantify the level of potential claims . 
Compiled by Publishers Weekly from data from large-city bookstores , bookstore chains and local bestseller lists across the U.S. . 
`` I know it 's not over , '' a sober-faced Mr. Corry acknowledged while greeting steel suppliers in New York on Oct. 12 and inviting them to a buffet of salmon and sushi in honor of Kobe Steel Ltd. , USX 's partner in a steel mill in Lorain , Ohio . 
The move is part of Chase 's strategy to consolidate its back offices under one roof . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
The assets backing the securities come from some of the country 's biggest -- and most secure -- institutions . 
To be sure , the full Senate , facing a fast-approaching budget deadline , last Friday stripped away all of the tax breaks that were contained in the Finance Committee bill . 
The airline had allowed them to move ahead of some union members in seniority following the 1985 strike , a move the union had contested in a previous lawsuit . 
As the stock market recovered some of its losses later in the day , bond prices retreated . 
`` The Americans have left him without a way out . 
The second portion will be completed the following year . 
In the Treasury market , the benchmark 30-year bond rose seven-eighths point , or $ 8.75 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Like other major American cities , the San Francisco -- Oakland area owes its current prosperity more to its infrastructure of fiber-optic cables linking thousands of computer terminals and telephones than to its location astride one of the world 's great natural harbors . 
But a congressional source close to the panel said the rule only covered coup plans directly involving the U.S. . 
Those companies are paying the price for taking the risk . '' 
Lucas Industries , a British automotive and aerospace concern , rose 13 pence to 614 pence after it said its pretax profit for the year rose 28 % . 
The northern piers of the span lie in estuarian deposits that were of a type to have liquefied easily during the 1906 quake . 
A broker may have to approach as many as 20 underwriters who insure the endeavors on behalf of the syndicates . 
The company attributed the earnings drop to lower volume related to seasonal demand and the soft consumer durable market , especially in the automotive sector . 
And she said , ` Hello . ' 
But some militant SCI TV junk-holders say that 's not enough . 
Markets -- 
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry . 
Along with two larger models , the company claims 18 % of the domestic market . 
Further ammunition came from left legal theorist Ronald Dworkin , who in the New York Review of Books painted a picture of a constitutional zombie willfully reading his personal prejudices into the Constitution , particularly in the area of `` original intent . '' 
And CBS takes in the least money in prime time ; ABC and NBC charge 30 % to 35 % more for ads , according to a Variety survey . 
This is particularly good news for those who hate risk , who are incapable of doing extensive amounts of planning and who refuse to see their life styles hurt in any way . 
In Japan , government bond prices fell . 
Last year , the company earned $ 480.4 million , or $ 3.90 a share , on sales of $ 4.3 billion . 
Jerell paid Ms. Garratt royalties for the line known as Multiples by Sandra Garratt , which are sold primarily through department stores . 
Mr. Gatward has spent a lot of time since late September at MTM 's headquarters ; he eliminated three departments and fired six executives , according to the TVS spokesman . 
Insurance stocks were sold at the opening amid concerns about the level of damage claims the companies would receive as a result of the earthquake . 
But because the growth of the German economy has been stronger than expected , Mr. Mulford said , it 's difficult for the U.S. to argue that Germany ought to adopt more stimulative monetary and fiscal policies . 
First Capital Holdings Corp. , proposed offering of $ 275 million of floating rate senior notes , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
While the two are among the world 's biggest advertisers , most makers of upscale cosmetics spend relatively little on national ads . 
The previous sale was $ 436,000 on Oct. 17 ; the last time prices were that low was November 1985 , when a seat sold for $ 425,000 . 
GPA is indeed talking about leasing Western planes to Aeroflot and even about buying Soviet-built Tupolev 204s . 
And half the employees surveyed think companies dole out too little to them . 
Sen. Alan Dixon ( D , Ill. ) , chairman of the subcommittee on consumer and regulatory affairs , said , `` I 'm not a statistician . 
`` It 's a very small shop . '' 
NCAA Executive Director Richard Schultz , in accepting a place on the Knight Commission , urged that the panel take a `` balanced '' view , which looks for all the world like a plea not to rock the boat too much , and the presidents ' recommendations could face considerable opposition at the NCAA 's full convention in January , which will vote on them . 
As previously reported , Helionetics emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy-law protection in February . 
`` Most of the West 's leaders have finally concluded that we all want perestroika { Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev 's policy of economic restructuring } to succeed , '' says Hubert Vedrine , security adviser to Mr. Mitterrand . 
He added that `` hopefully LIN will conduct a fair auction . '' 
`` I pay a lot to the farmer and five times the state salary to my employees , '' he says . 
Why , when a key witness disappears , does Mancuso trash her apartment , tearing down drapes , smashing walls ? 
However , competitors say that Kidder 's hiring binge involving executive-level staffers , some with multiple-year contract guarantees , could backfire unless there are results . 
Although external events have contributed to the morass , the principal causes of the current crisis are internal and generic to all programs . 
`` What they want us to do just is n't practical , '' he says , noting that he employs 16 blacks . 
$ 400 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 16 classes by Bear , Stearns & Co . 
Instead , they 're scrambling to protect the very programs at the heart of the HUD scandal . 
Those rumors were confirmed after the end of trading yesterday when the U.S. Agriculture Department announced that the Soviets had bought 1.2 million metric tons of U.S. corn , bringing their U.S. corn purchases confirmed so far this month to about five million metric tons . 
Revenue nearly tripled to $ 479 million , from $ 160 million . 
Ing . 
`` Magazines could , like other brands , find that they have only a limited life . '' 
The tough regulatory stance portends large future losses , especially at the state 's thrifts . 
What does this mean for trade policy ? 
Stores in Hispanic areas will stock an assortment of Spanish-language magazines , Mexican cooking items and candies . 
At its strongest , the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond rose more than a point , or more than $ 10 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
According to lawyers familiar with the settlement talks , the verbal agreement to end a lawsuit filed more than two years ago was reached last week and will soon be submitted to a federal judge in Camden , N.J . 
With a six-shooter in one hand and bourbon in the other . 
The magnitude of the exchange 's problems may not become known for some time because of Lloyd 's practice of leaving the books open for three years to allow for the settlement of claims . 
Arkla said it will report $ 179 milllion in one-time charges against continuing operations for the third quarter , reflecting settlement of certain natural gas contracts . 
Mitchell will get a half-interest in the oil . 
Such moves would greatly reduce the power of government ministries , who now jealously guard their turf and are seen as one of the major obstacles blocking economic reform . 
But increasing volatility in the sector has exhausted investors who try to follow its dips and swings . 
`` I ca n't remember a time when virtually everyone can agree on what the problem is , '' says Mr. Seidman , who heads the AFL-CIO 's department dealing with health matters . 
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 . 
And she further stunned her listeners by revealing her secret garden design method : Commissioning a friend to spend `` five or six thousand dollars ... on books that I ultimately cut up . '' 
It 's a flimsy structure , built up on supports , and it was really rocking around . 
The people of the Delta are waiting for that big factory to open , river traffic to increase , government spending to fund job-training programs or public schools to educate apathetic students . 
Some equipment going to work is almost new . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to 
And the egg producers have done a pretty good job . 
Qintex 's $ 1.5 billion pact to buy MGM\/UA collapsed recently . 
Mr. Reed admitted he conspired to conceal an agreement not to enforce loan guarantees executed by Dallas real-estate developers A. Starke Taylor III and George S. Watson , both of whom were FirstSouth stockholders . 
Kellogg 's current share is believed to be slightly under 40 % while General Mills ' share is about 27 % . 
The guidelines , which discourage prosecutors from seeking court orders seizing the assets of certain racketeering defendants prior to trial , were first disclosed this week . 
William O'Neill , research director for Elders Futures Inc. in New York , said the price action for all of last week is the best he has seen on a weekly basis in more than a year . 
Under the agreement , Westinghouse will be able to purchase smaller combustion turbines from its Japanese partner , and package and sell them with its own generators and other equipment . 
The U.S. administration said its plan would allow considerable flexibility in determining how and when the free-trade goals would be achieved . 
Ortega cited renewed attacks by the U.S.backed rebels . 
Not so the Soviets . 
Mr. Miller said that Wang has already sold some $ 12 million of miscellaneous assets and disclosed that it had received $ 13 million from Compaq Computer Corp. , Houston , in the previously announced sale of its Stirling , Scotland , plant . 
The letter to Mr. Bush was signed by Reps. Bruce Vento ( D. , Minn. ) , the chairman of the Banking Committee 's RTC Task Force , Thomas McMillen ( D. , Md. ) , Kweisi Mfume ( D. , Md . ) and Paul Kanjorski ( D. , Pa . ) . 
Shortly after announcing its quarterly loss , USAir 's stock tumbled $ 3 a share . 
It did n't help when , in 1986 , she was charged ( and then cleared ) on allegations of public drunkenness . 
Two Air Force facilities near Sacramento , and Travis Air Force Base , 50 miles northeast of San Francisco , were designated to serve as medical-airlift centers . 
Instead , his Merrill broker put him in a zero-coupon CD , which is sold at a deep discount to its face value . 
Director Michael Engler has assembled a top-flight cast to carry out the impersonations of well-known political figures and to play the stock characters who invariably show up at congressional hearings . 
The collagen corneal shield helps speed healing of the cornea after eye surgery . 
Mr. Downey 's previous show , a one-hour shout fest , syndciated by MCA Inc. and produced by Quantum Media Inc. , was canceled in July after advertisers and stations abandoned it . 
Still , two-thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios , says Brian Mattes , a vice president . 
At the 1988 GOP convention , abortion was barely discussed at all , though delegates were evenly divided on the question of an anti-abortion constitutional amendment . 
The head of the DEA at the time , John Ingersoll , scotched the assassination plan . 
The # 76.6 million ( $ 120.6 million ) in pretax profit for the 12 months to June 30 was down from # 160 million ( $ 252 million ) a year earlier and below market expectations of # 80 million and # 90 million . 
Glenn and Sharon Beebe of Cincinnati had sued the com - pany in 1981 after installing Burlington carpets in their office . 
Within a few years , the outcome in most states is likely to be that abortion will be more restricted , but not completely banned . 
( It matches her voice . ) 
The announcements also should help IBM go on the offensive against Digital Equipment Corp. on the plant floor . 
`` If you 're in the bond business playing the relative-performance derby , then even an extra 25 basis points ( 0.25 percentage point ) becomes an important consideration on a career basis , '' says Mr. Grant . 
Economists generally agree that the rate was lowered by the Fed from around 9 % , where it had been since July , to about 8 3\/4 % in early October on the heels of a weak employment report . 
Probably the most clear-cut Soviet violation , for example , is the Krasnoyarsk radar . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Their motivation , however , has a strong practical aspect : Program trading is hazardous to their paychecks . 
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . '' 
This kind of contingency analysis is common in war planning and business planning . 
The $ 3.18 billion bid , which had been rumored since last week , `` creates a better feeling that there 's value in the market at current levels and renews prospects for a hot tape , '' says A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research Corp . 
One exception is a continuing experiment at Stanford University where as much as 10 watts of energy are being put into the electrolytic cells . 
A quadrennial commission appointed by Health and Human Services Secretary Louis Sullivan is taking a broad look at the economics of Medicare for the elderly , Medicaid for the poor and the health system in general . 
`` No magic bullet will be discovered next year , an election year , '' says Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif . ) 
`` We think we 're getting only 10 % of the integration dollars our customers are spending , '' he said . 
Had the suit been filed in time , they said , `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' would have been suppressed . 
The statement angered Chairman Greenspan , but it was greeted with applause by the Bush administration and the financial markets . 
The loyal servant has come full circle . 
Crude oil for November delivery edged up by 16 cents a barrel to $ 20.75 a barrel . 
There are also other provisions requiring Congressmen to join treaty-negotiating teams and new restrictions on OMB . 
Profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items climbed 27 % to # 143.4 million from # 112.5 million , with earnings per share rising to 85.1 pence ( $ 1.35 ) from 79.4 pence ( $ 1.26 ) . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 17.01 points to 2596.72 in active trading . 
It was supposed to be a routine courtesy call . 
The schools ' central mission , educating children , became subsumed by the competing interests of bureaucrats , politicians and unions . 
Dun & Bradstreet Corp. 's Market Data Retrieval unit said it acquired School and College Construction Reports service from Intelligence for Education Inc . 
Although it ultimately was n't offered to him , he will be on retainer to American Express as an adviser on international matters . 
Indeed , the stakes are high . 
The music is not especially pianistic ; indeed , it 's hard to imagine a bad performance of it . 
AN EARTHQUAKE STRUCK Northern California , killing more than 50 people . 
The number of people registered as jobless at the end of October declined by 900 from September to 78,600 . 
Rep. Edward Markey ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee , is pushing the idea of a circuit breaker for computer-driven program trading in hopes that would curb `` turmoil '' in the marketplace . 
Unlike many lawmakers , Chairman Gonzalez says he considers intervening with regulators to be improper . 
Pinnacle 's SunCor Development Co . real-estate unit 's loss narrowed to $ 13.8 million from $ 78.4 million . 
`` The Bay Area has three very dangerous faults , the San Andreas , the Hayward fault and the Calaveras fault . 
Having only a Republican measure makes the task harder . 
HomeFed Corp. said its main subsidiary , Home Federal Savings & Loan , converted from a federal savings and loan to a federal savings bank and changed its name to HomeFed Bank . 
`` The bottom line is , it seems to me that the economic environment has become very , very competitve for a lot of businesses , '' he said . 
A Texas legislator proposes color-coding drivers ' licenses of some drug offenders . 
Westinghouse 's own role as a supplier also is changing . 
Among other restructuring measures , the bank said it will close its loan production offices in Chicago , New York and Philadelphia . 
The United spokesman said none of its people were injured at the airport ; in fact , as the airport was being evacuated Tuesday night , two babies were born . 
Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Amsterdam , Brussels and Stockholm , and were mixed in Milan . 
Traders who stand on the pit 's top step , where most customer orders are executed , ca n't trade for themselves . 
Congress sent to Bush an $ 8.5 billion military construction bill that cuts spending for new installations by 16 % . 
MCA owns WWOR in New York and Paramount last month agreed to purchase a 79 % stake in the TVX Broadcast Group from Salomon Inc. in a deal valued at $ 140 million . 
In this way , the house is not dumped on to a glutted market . 
Overall , the government contends that GE 's disclosure efforts largely were intended to `` curry favor '' with Pentagon officials without detailing the extent of the management lapses and allegedly pervasive billing irregularities uncovered by company investigations . 
Quotron also provides trading and other systems , services for brokerage firms , and communications-network services . 
Short-term rates were unchanged to slightly lower . 
Circus Circus 's flagship casino has become the envy of competitors for its ability to vacuum cash from the pockets of vacationing families . 
`` Such determination may translate into extreme physical , emotional and financial costs , '' the letter warns . 
The dealer said the quantity mentioned in the Japanese announcement is so small that it 's meaningless . 
The officials said that most Japanese banks prefer the losses they 'd suffer in either of the latter options to the risk of new lending . 
One apparent side effect is a minor increase in a brain hormone . 
The Soviets have agreed to complete a treaty cutting strategic weapons without including restrictions on space-based defenses . 
The chamber also sent to Bush a nearly $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 measure that includes the first construction funds for a space station . 
When that happened , `` seismic '' tremors of fear -- much like the shock waves created by an earthquake -- coursed through the market and increased the market 's volatility . 
Ford 's share purchases undoubtedly accounted for much of Monday 's heavy trading . 
Moreover , the company , whose go-it-alone approach nearly proved fatal , now sees alliances with others as the way back to prosperity in what it calls `` the data solutions '' business . 
The reorganization will `` focus on the value and potential of assets , '' Mr. Spruell said . 
Cineplex traded on the New York Stock Exchange at $ 11.25 a share , up $ 1.125 , before trading was halted . 
This means that no allowance is made for possible increases in output per unit of labor . 
The air-waybill number was changed en route , and paper work showing that the crates had cleared customs was misplaced , so it was a week before three of the four crates could be located in a bonded warehouse and the Gauguin discovered missing . 
But due to dramatic events on the battlefield over the past few days and weeks , those Soviet bases may soon be as endangered and as lonely as the American runway . 
For distilled spirits , operating profit rose 36 % , to $ 24.8 million . 
In addition , Boeing said it also will reorganize all its work in Wichita into military and commercial divisions . 
Exports of rum surged 54 % to 814,000 proof gallons . 
The broadcast and publishing company reported net climbed to $ 80.8 million , or $ 4.56 a share , from $ 62.6 million , or $ 3.55 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Double Check 
The company is negotiating with the Soviets to build a Thermo King truck-refrigeration plant that would produce about 10,000 units annually . 
If the company can start to ship during this quarter , it could stem some , if not all of the red ink , he said . 
LIN , which has agreed with BellSouth Corp. to merge their cellular-telephone businesses , said then that it would n't take a position on McCaw 's revised tender offer . 
The index moved above 35670 at midmorning , nearly reaching the record of 35689.98 set Sept. 28 . 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills . 
Cineplex shareholders responded coolly to yesterday 's announcement . 
In one , the lawyer for a 20-year-old resident of Columbia , Mo. , who was charged with drunk driving , argued that his client should be treated as a 21-year-old adult because his actual age should be calculated from conception , not from birth . 
In response to this , the Socialist prime minister has simply cited his free-market accomplishments . 
But he has been getting heat from all sides over program trading . 
Mr. Saltzburg , who teaches evidence at the University of Virginia School of Law and was a deputy assistant attorney general in the U.S. Justice Department until August , submitted his resignation earlier this month to federal Judge Robert R. Merhige Jr. , in Richmond , Va . 
Your article points out the traps people fall into , but when reviewing those traps one sees just about all of them could have been avoided . 
Nissan 's pace of new-model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch-rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars . 
Managers learn to spot opportunities to increase customer satisfaction through speed , and shift some responsibility for analyzing , improving and streamlining work processes from themselves to teams of employees . 
As followers of the debate over a capital-gains tax cut know , there is much talk in Congress and indeed all over Washington about the need to `` encourage '' long-term investment and discourage the financial sector 's presumed obsession with the short term . 
There were no details available on the pricing of the issue , Freddie Mac 's Series 108 . 
Unfortunately , the author simply does n't supply the philosophical frame to sustain his reportorial talents . 
More than 20 new managing directors and senior vice presidents have been hired since January . 
Kathie Huff , a respondent in the Journal survey from Spokane , Wash. , says her husband is adamant about eating only Hunt 's ketchup . 
In today 's markets , specialists ( on the New York Stock Exchange ) and `` upstairs '' market makers ( in the over-the-counter market ) are the only market participants allowed to play a direct role in the price-determination process . 
William Bennett , the White House drug-policy director , accused local officials in the Washington area of blocking construction of prison facilities to house convicted drug dealers . 
China 's land and labor offer inexpensive alternatives to local industry . 
Inexplicably costumed as a rabbinical student , tottering around on lifts , Mr. Shicoff hardly seemed the fellow to catch a fancy cocotte 's eye . 
The level of interest in the RTC 's properties has been greater than expected , and has come from larger companies than initially anticipated , says Stan Ross , Leventhal 's co-managing partner . 
The golden share was scheduled to expire at the beginning of 
The unpopular Mr. Sarney , whose task was to bring about a smooth transition to democracy after 21 years of military rule , is n't seeking re-election . 
What am I doing in Jackson Hole ? 
Revenue from business-telephone operations grew 3.3 % to $ 618.9 million from $ 599.4 million a year ago . 
CORPORATE security directors increasingly worry that merger mania spawns a rise in employee dishonesty . 
Aside from slashing costs and investing heavily in its plants , Akzo has spent 3.9 billion guilders ( $ 1.88 billion ) on acquisitions since 1983 to give it better balance . 
Perhaps it 's entertaining for those like you to discount the concerns of environmentalists , suggesting that their save-the-earth initiatives are `` whacky '' and referring to so many citizens as `` la-la activists . '' 
Indeed , many traders said that uncertainty about today 's monthly expiration of stocks-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks , prompted a lot of buying by speculative traders who were unwinding positions that were bets on declining stock prices . 
Mr. Bergsma said prices for U.S. pharmaceutical companies remain too high , making it unlikely that Akzo will pursue any major acquisitions in that area . 
`` They are going to catch up , '' said David Claridge , an analyst with Hambrecht & Quist . 
The second hotel , to be called the Budapest Hotel , is to be constructed at a site even closer to Red Square . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Mr. Terra said he sold 263,684 First Illinois common shares from Aug. 9 to Aug. 28 for $ 9.9375 to $ 10.5625 a share . 
When a Louisville woman complained that a ghost was haunting her attic , Mr. Baker discovered a rat dragging a trap across the rafters . 
Its 1988 revenue was $ 25 million . 
If the railroad is valued on a private market basis -- at the same multiple of earnings as in the recent sale of CNW -- it would have a value of $ 1.65 billion . 
`` Nothing has changed fundamentally in the Tokyo market . '' 
The firm has made 17 previous shifts from one type of asset to another in its 10-year history . 
So far , one test of restricting dual trading has worked well . 
He said this improvement means it is still possible to reach the targeted current account surplus of four billion rand for 1989 . 
Misunderstanding conversations with us , Mr. Tomsho argued that Mr. Redford 's environmental views are at odds with Utah residents . 
Because they also detected tritium and indications of nuclear radiation , they asserted that the `` excess '' heat energy must be coming from energy released by the nuclear fusion of deuterium atoms inside the palladium rod . 
Mr. Smith 's managers have , at times , been called `` Ho Chi Minh 's Guerrillas . '' 
Here 's a look at some of the alternatives : 
The Internal Revenue Service said it is willing to let the U.S. Tax Court decide how much oil man William Herbert Hunt will owe the government after his assets are liquidated . 
Real estate operating income for the first nine months fell to $ 71.9 million from $ 143 million a year earlier , the company said . 
But it is n't clear why that should be so . 
That came to a combined $ 37.7 million under the $ 300-a-share buy-out , but just $ 21.3 million at yesterday 's close . 
Eight people , including a supervisor of Security Pacific National Bank 's central vault , were arrested in an investigation of an alleged drug money-laundering operation . 
The year-ago results , however , included the operations of a bottling business , which was sold last December . 
Goodson also announced that it hired the former president and senior vice president of Ingersoll to run the Goodson papers . 
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates . 
`` There is no difference of opinion between ( Chairman ) Lord King and Sir Colin on any aspect of company policy . 
That trend could increase demand for hot-dipped galvanized sheet . 
Indeed , according to West German government sources , he was one of the leaders in the power struggle that toppled Mr. Honecker . 
Mrs. Thi did n't wait for the reforms to get her start . 
Predictably , guarantees outstanding have risen by $ 130 billion since 1985 , while direct loans outstanding have fallen by $ 30 billion . 
Michael Fisher , general manager of KTXL , a Fox affiliate in Sacramento , Calif. , said , `` The real question is whether the Paramount-MCA offering is practical . 
California state transportation officials interviewed by telephone say they nevertheless do n't expect serious problems for commerce in and out of the Bay area . 
Mr. Conway was executive vice president and chief investment officer of Union Central Life Insurance Co. , of Cincinnati , in 1987 , when Union Central bought a 54 % interest in Manhattan National Corp . 
The company expects the chips eventually to be used in devices that mimic a whole range of computer memory equipment , including floppy-disk and hard-disk drives . 
Another major factor in this positive trend was Ronald Reagan 's decision early in his presidency to fight the budget war on the expenditure side rather than raising taxes . 
`` We believe that there are numerous other candidates more qualified for this important position and we encourage you to give them your thorough consideration before making this key RTC appointment , '' the letter said . 
Mr. Melloan quotes Peter Teagan and invokes the name of Arthur D. Little Inc. to support his statement . 
Mr. Pissocra , 56 years old , will be responsible for the company 's 10 banks in the Eastern region . 
Was 300 ft. out on a pier in San Rafael . 
Some analysts are especially wary of credit-card issues . 
Retailers could get a boost this year from the calendar . 
Until then , options had been traded only in the over-the-counter market , mostly in New York , and in an almost invisible secondary market operating chiefly by telephone . 
Revenue rose 77 % to $ 72.6 million , from last year 's $ 41 million . 
Lyrics from `` Ghostbusters '' by Ray S. Parker Jr. 1984 by Golden Torch Music Corp. ( ASCAP ) and Raydiola Music ( ASCAP ) . 
Tuesday , the shares regained SKr20 , closing at SKr225 . 
Ortega had threatened to end a 19-month-old ceasefire . 
In the first nine months , net rose 21 % to $ 93 million , or $ 4.52 a share , from $ 77 million , or $ 3.62 a share a year ago . 
`` We think Gen-Probe has technology important to people 's health , '' he said , adding : `` We think it is important for us to have such technology . '' 
StatesWest asked Mesa to repond by Oct. 31 . 
( True , a succession of Fed chairmen has given color to the notion that the Secretary of the Treasury belongs on the Fed . 
`` It may take five years to break even in Japan , '' says John A. Siniscal , who runs the Asia-Pacific office for McCormack & Dodge , a U.S. software company . 
This is in response to Atsushi Kageyama 's Manager 's Journal , `` Looking for the Real Thing in Sony '' ( editorial page , Oct. 2 ) . 
Northrop Corp. received a $ 93.5 million contract by the U.S. Air Force for production tooling and test equipment for the Tacit Rainbow defense-suppression missile . 
Meanwhile , `` the bottom end of the market is becoming less loyal , '' says Laurel Cutler , vice chairman of the ad agency FCB\/Leber Katz Partners . 
Normally , a company pays a portion of the total cost of a ship as it reaches various stages of construction . 
Warner , which is in the process of being acquired by New York-based Time Warner Inc. , also said it paid the two producers a fixed annual salary of $ 3 million . 
But though `` people in town may ask why Guber needs Peters , it 's good to have a partner , and obviously the chemistry works , '' says Steven Tisch , a producer who once worked for Mr. Guber . 
By contrast , in 19th-century Russia an authoritarian government owned the bank and had the power to revoke payment whenever it chose , much as it would in today 's Soviet Union . 
`` We 're committed to deliver the customer 's package by a stated time , usually 10:30 , '' notes Glenn Mortimer , a Federal Express courier who led the Natick team . 
BART has increased service to 24 hours a day in preparation for the onslaught . 
An estimated 14.7 million Cray Computer shares will be distributed , Cray Research said . 
Last year it funded its high employment by heavy borrowing , and it suffered huge losses when sales turned down instead of rising . 
Three companies began trading over the counter . 
No sophisticated professional expects economists to be right all the time . 
The most ruthless dictatorships have not censored their press more brutally than the drug mafias censor Colombia 's . 
It would bring 13 gas fields into production at a combined rate of about 1.2 billion cubic feet a day . 
Much of Bond Corp. 's losses stemmed from one-time write-downs of the value of some of Bond Corp. 's assets and those of its units . 
When supplies are short , it often hands them over only in exchange for milk or grain . 
The Galileo worm apparently was hatched on a computer in France hooked up to NASA 's Space Physics Analysis Network , Mr. Redmond said . 
New York real estate brokerage Edward S. Gordon Co. will have the difficult task of finding new tenants . 
Management Horizons forecasts a 1.4 % profit decline for non-auto retailers this year , after annual drops that averaged 4.5 % in 1988 and 1987 . 
Out of the $ 2 charge , the law firm pockets about $ 1.55 . 
But China 's official Xinhua News Agency reported that the number of foreign businessmen was greater than the previous fair -- without providing statistics . 
`` Peter is the bright , sympathetic guy when you 're doing a deal , '' says one agent . 
Mr. Boesky was a piker compared to Jay Gould and Jim Fiske , and Commodore Vanderbilt thought nothing of bribing judges and legislators . 
If the whole market thinks what you 're doing is crazy you do n't have much competition . '' 
Cabanne Smith , president of a money management company bearing his name , predicts that investment companies using computers to identify companies with earnings `` momentum '' will climb on the growth-stock bandwagon as the overall corporate earnings outlook deteriorates further . 
Most of the allegations no longer pending were ethics charges withdrawn by state prosecutors as part of a pre-trial agreement . 
The Hindu newspaper publishes facsimiles of bank documents for foreign-exchange remittances and letters between Bofors and certain private companies related to the sale of the guns to India . 
Before the recent tumult in global financial markets , B.A.T officials , holders and analysts had expected a substantial part of the restructuring to be complete by the end of the first half . 
A bill that would permit the Securities and Exchange Commission to monitor the financial condition of securities firms ' holding companies is facing tough opposition from some Wall Street firms , which argue that the legislation is unnecessary . 
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . '' 
Maine Republican William Cohen said the plan might violate the assassination ban . 
The sales pitch might n't be as farfetched as it seems . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
The figure was incorrectly shown as a net loss in a chart accompanying Friday 's Heard on the Street column . 
In an extraordinary mix of cultures and church-state powers , Rep. Robert Dornan ( R. , Calif . ) lectured his fellow Roman Catholics -- including Mr. Florio -- for having the `` chutzpah '' to disagree with the hierarchy of their church on abortion . 
While Mr. Timbers explained he 's `` not totally convinced index arbitrage changes the overall level of the stock market , '' he said that `` on an intraday basis , it has major effects . 
The Senate rejected a constitutional amendment that President Bush sought to protect the U.S. flag from desecration . 
They were 103 or 206 . 
The worker 's tart reply : `` It 's more than just travel . 
President Bush signed a disaster declaration covering seven Northern California counties . 
The supply of experienced civil engineers , though , is tighter . 
Shanghai Investment & Trust Co. , known as Sitco , is the city 's main financier for trading business . 
The companies said the acquisition is subject to a definitive agreement . 
Nikon Corp. said unconsolidated pretax profit increased 70 % to 12.12 billion yen ( $ 85.3 million ) in the first half ended Sept. 30 , from 7.12 billion yen a year ago . 
It also bars future suits against Robins company officials , members of the Robins family and Robins 's former insurer , Aetna Life & Casualty Co . 
The Association of California Insurance Companies estimated damage to residential property could total $ 500 million , but only $ 100 million to $ 150 million is insured , it said . 
A surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 . 
Of course these turf battles are unseemly , wasteful and potentially dangerous and should be resolved in the interest of national security , but Mr. Lehman seems to be part of the problem rather than part of the answer . 
Underclass neighborhoods offer relatively few employment opportunities , contributing to the poverty of local residents . 
Serial certificates yield to 7.10 % in 2004 . 
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations . 
Colony banks have a major stake in how interest rates move because of their enormous Hong Kong-dollar exposure . 
But the move lagged a stronger rise in New York Stock Exchange issues . 
The now-standard price of $ 1 a share came about by accident . 
Now the 33-year-old housewife , whose husband earns a modest salary as an assistant professor of economics , is saving harder than ever . 
In February , Mr. Thornburgh announced his plan to abolish the units . 
It even directed newspapers not to publish anything that might stain the honor of the Turkish sultan 's wives . 
You do n't want to own anything long except gold stocks . '' 
The rub , he says , is that `` the junk market is n't as deep '' as before . 
The family 's long absence is understandable . 
To win their seats on the council , these political leaders have had to listen to all the voices in their district and devise public policies that would benefit all . 
`` Options traders , arbitrage traders -- everyone , '' said Mr. Bates , cooling down with a carton of apple juice after the close yesterday . 
`` The { influence of the } U.S. is not being felt in Central America ; Washington 's decisions do not respond to a policy , and are divorced from reality , '' says Fernando Volio , a Costa Rican congressman and former foreign minister . 
In addition , the two companies will develop new steam turbine technology , such as the plants ordered by Florida Power , and even utilize each other 's plants at times to take advantage of currency fluctuations . 
Of that amount , $ 20 billion has already been borrowed by the Treasury Department . 
Nobody can estimate the toll , but John Gargan , a Tampa , Fla. , planner and head of one trade group , the International Association of Registered Financial Planners , thinks the danger to investors from incompetence is `` humongous , '' far greater than that from crookery . 
It also recommends that employees be aware of everyday office items that could be used for emergency care or shelter . 
Now , sterilized intervention may have some effect . 
What is even more ironic is that all over the world nations are learning that well-intentioned public programs often backfire . 
And the feature is so new , he adds , that no insurer has yet established a track record for actually making such payments . 
Fireman 's Fund insures 37,300 homes and autos and 35,000 businesses in the Bay area . 
The units are the Edelmann , Ideal and Plews divisions . 
The son of a Seagram 's executive who was stationed in many countries around the world , Mr. McDonough was born in Tokyo and attended 19 schools in places ranging from Hong Kong to Shaker Heights , Ohio , before entering Dartmouth College . 
Carrying the new message on the road , Mr. Straszheim meets confrontation that often occurs in inverse proportion to the size of the client . 
In five years , Petronas , which became the dominant shareholder in a 1984 rescue exercise , has spent about M$ 3.5 billion to prop up the troubled bank . 
Du Pont Co. in a couple of units has installed objective tests based on earnings or return on equity . 
Excluding the provision , Republic earned $ 44.6 million , up 15 % from a year ago . 
Prudential-Bache Securities analyst Leslie Steppel said reduced labor costs helped boost margins , although she doubted `` that kind of performance is sustainable . '' 
Last year she boasted to HG magazine : `` I 'd never looked at a garden in my life . '' 
Nevertheless , the administration 's criticisms appeared to have made some headway with Sens. Boren and Cohen after their Oct. 12 meeting with the president . 
He has good control . 
Mr. Rockefeller , buried beneath a 180-foot-tall granite obelisk , did n't seem right for an ad either . 
In a forward-rate agreement , a client agrees to an exchange rate on a future currency transaction . 
Many of the morning-session winners turned out to be losers by afternoon . 
Aer Lingus is in discussions with the Soviet carrier about a cargo venture and other possibilities . 
And returns on cash investments may continue to exceed inflation by a wider margin than they did over the long-term past . 
But Digital 's move into mainframes will target IBM 's home turf , where it has a commanding 70 % share of the market . 
The places renowned for breeding bunco , like the Miami neighborhood known as the `` Maggot Mile '' and Las Vegas 's flashy strip of casinos , invariably offer fast cars , high rollers , glamorous women and lots of sunshine . 
Separately , two more of the nation 's top steelmakers -- Armco Inc. and National Intergroup Inc. -- reported lower operating earnings in their steel businesses , marking what is generally believed to be the end of a two-year boom in the industry . 
Sterling , which estimated the value of the contract at $ 150 million , said NASA selected another bidder for final negotiations . 
The Senate Banking Committee will begin hearings next week on their proposal to expand existing federal housing programs . 
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year . 
The businesses subscribing to Mr. Laband 's effective price system will be remembered when normalcy returns . 
If I survived , I would have achieved every journalist 's highest wish . 
He 's had a history of deception and this is the latest chapter . '' 
Her Institute for Family and Work Relationships in La Jolla , Calif. , has noted a doubling in the number of couples seeking help the past two years . 
Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . 
The British conglomerate , planning its own defensive restructuring to fight off a # 13.35 billion ( $ 21.03 billion ) takeover bid by Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith , intends to press ahead with an extraordinary shareholder vote today to clear the way for its value-boosting measures . 
James F. Gero , former chairman and chief executive officer of Varo Inc. , and Richard J. Hatchett III , a Dallas investment banker , were elected directors of this medical-products concern , boosting the board to seven members . 
In terms of diversions , Denver 's Stapleton International may have experienced the most far-flung : A United flight from Japan was rerouted there . 
But the 57-year-old publisher has moved quickly and boldly to deal with the magazines ' problems . 
And in most cases , a huge hunk of your premium in the initial year or two of the the policy is , in effect , paying the salesman 's commission as well ; investment returns on most policies are actually negative for several years , largely because of this . 
Closely held Intelligence in Education , of Larchmont , N.Y. , is an educational publisher and consultant . 
Both companies declined to comment on the rumors , but several industry analysts told the Professional Investor Report they believed it was plausible that Pennzoil may be buying Chevron shares as a prelude to pushing for a restructuring of the company . 
Even the minority of them who must register with the Securities and Exchange Commission as `` investment advisers '' -- people who are in the business of counseling others on the buying and selling of securities specifically -- have been enough to swamp the agency 's capacity . 
As opposed to the $ 1.4 million deficit of the 1987-88 season , the 1988-89 year concluded with a $ 200,000 surplus and a $ 500,000 cash reserve . 
Using cinema , television and print ads , the company pitches Southern Comfort as a grand old drink of the antebellum American South . 
The diplomat adds that Mr. Krenz has several things going for him . 
They talked of the home run . 
But many predicted that the commercial disruption would be short-lived . 
Viacom Broadcasting Inc. definitively agreed to acquire KOFY ( AM ) and KOFY-FM in San Francisco for about $ 19.5 million from Pacific FM Inc . 
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big-name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture . 
The offering used at-market pricing . 
He does n't fully succeed , although Mr. Straszheim lists an array of interest-rate scenarios . 
Market uncertainty also clouds the outlook for B.A.T 's attracting a premium price for its U.S. retailing properties . 
In the 1960s , Mayo Clinic researchers developed magnetic devices to stimulate motor nerves in the hand and other limbs . 
He declines to go into specifics . 
Some provisions would let me collect a percentage of the policy 's face value to pay for long-term care such as nursing-home stays ; others would allow payments for catastrophic illnesses and conditions such as cancer , heart attarcks , renal failure and kidney transplants . 
More bothersome , there are several apparent anachronisms . 
Adds Candice Ohlman , the 35-year-old masseuse who plies her trade in the Grand Rapids office , `` They fall in love with my hands . '' 
LIN said it expects to borrow the money to pay the dividend , but commitments from banks still have n't been obtained . 
Nearby , six dolphins will frolic in a 1.5 million-gallon saltwater aquarium . 
A year earlier , the company had profit from discontinued operations of $ 24.9 million from sale of a pipeline , a refinery and an interest in a second refinery . 
`` The non-food operations were largely Mr. Lortie 's creation { and } his strategy did n't work , '' said Steven Holt , a financial analyst with Midland Doherty Ltd . 
The bonds , rated single-A by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1992 to 7.26 % in 2019 . 
The executives were accused of improperly deferring expenses and booking revenue early , in an effort to dress up results -- and perhaps bolster performance-related bonuses . 
Given China 's far-from-conciliatory statements to its own people , Mr. Bush may be unable to prevent new sanctions . 
Most of Kidder 's program trading is for its own account , according to the New York Stock Exchange . 
It would also affect the perceptions of the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System , and the informed public generally , as to what constitutes a reasonable degree of price stability . 
The issue has been simmering for years . 
The drop in earnings had been anticipated by most Wall Street analysts , but the results were reported after the market closed . 
Revenue jumped nearly 17 % to $ 223.3 million from $ 191.4 million . 
At a June EC summit , Mrs. Thatcher appeared to ease her opposition to full EMS membership , saying Britain would join once its inflation rate fell and the EC liberalized capital movements . 
In the latest nine months , Ford earned $ 3.52 billion , or $ 7.51 a share , compared with $ 4.14 billion , or $ 8.53 a share . 
Jaguar shareholders would have to bless such a far-reaching accord . 
At least some economists , of course , would argue that inflation deserves a lot of emphasis . 
What few comments he has initiated have been oblique , such as urging `` greater efforts toward the protection of human life '' at a meeting of Catholic lawyers in Boston last month . 
`` They may feel emotionally secure now because they are not heavily in the stock market , '' says John H. Cammack , a financial planner with Alexandra Armstrong Advisors Inc. in Washington . 
They let me down when the Japanese came down { during World War II } ... . 
Strategy is not a separate event in an idealized sequence of discrete events ; it is a way of thinking that neutralizes threats to our interests in a manner consistent with our financial , cultural and physical limitations . 
But that may not be possible , because recessions often take investors by surprise . 
In times past , life-insurance salesmen targeted heads of household , meaning men , but ours is a two-income family and accustomed to it . 
The lightning moves show that the stock market remains fragile and volatile -- ready to jump at the slightest rumor -- a few days after its shocking 190.58-point plunge . 
Why not watch or hear your experience historicized while you were living it ? 
California expects to rely on federal emergency funds and its $ 1.06 billion in general fund reserves to meet the estimated $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in damages resulting from the quake , according to a state official . 
Pitcher = lanzador . 
They also address such taboo subjects as the likelihood of unemployment and high inflation , and recommend ways to soften the social consequences . 
For the private domestic business economy , the bias was a bit over 0.5 percentage point . 
Both can be extremely aggressive at pricing such products as soaps and diapers -- to the extent that some industry consultants predict cents-off coupons for mascara could result from their entry into the field . 
To make skiing more convenient for time-strapped visitors , several resorts are buying or starting their own travel agencies . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 15\/16 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 7\/8 % offered . 
Place a phone order through most any catalog and chances are the clerk who answers wo n't be the only one on the line . 
If so , the damages could be tripled . 
But the actual head count of non-farm employment payroll jobs is likely to be muddied by the impact of Hurricane Hugo , strikes , and less-than-perfect seasonal adjustments , economists said . 
Because of a lack of information and access , many investors -- including the very ones whose buying power could restore stability and damp volatility -- are forced to stand on the sidelines when they are most needed , because of their ignorance of important market information . 
He said the current market `` is all about sentiment , and the sentiment in London is 90 % anxiety and worry . '' 
Well , `` Days of Rage '' airing with before-and-after packaging , and after repeated delays , was a beginning . 
Mr. Thompson will have to face some of the consequences of those subpoenas . 
In Singapore , per-capita consumption is about one-third that of the U.S. . 
Integrated said that it would continue to pursue `` other alternatives '' to sell the five core companies and that a group of senior executives plans to make a proposal to purchase three of the companies -- Integrated Resources Equity Corp. , Resources Trust Co. and Integrated Resources Asset Management Corp . 
Arguably , both were on notice that their behavior was at least risky . 
The report says that `` the restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will principally involve the transfer and termination of employees in our U.S. operations . '' 
Arnold Celnicker Assistant Professor Ohio State University 
The Nasdaq industrial index climbed 8.17 to 458.52 , and the `` other finance '' index , made up of commercial banks and real estate and brokerage firms , rose 3.97 to 545.96 . 
Whether Polly Peck 's acquisition makes sense remains to be seen , but at the news conference , Mr. Nadir brimmed with self-confidence that he can turn Sansui around . 
But Mr. Noriega was convinced the Reagan White House would n't act against him , recalls his close ally Jose Blandon , because he had an insurance policy : his involvement with the Contra rebels in Nicaragua . 
The humanitarian assistance , which pays for supplies such as food and clothing for the rebels amassed along the Nicaraguan border with Honduras , replaced the military aid cut off by Congress in February 1988 . 
Every day , Mr. Levy checks orders from Campeau department store chains , trying to guess if he will be paid . 
12:06 a.m . 
`` I 've been recruiting every single day since it 's been identified that many AIDS patients come from the inner city , '' she says . 
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . '' 
Mr. Ramirez , who arrived late at the Sharpshooter with his crew because he had started early in the morning setting up tanks at another site , just got the first raise he can remember in eight years , to $ 8.50 an hour from $ 8 . 
The zero-coupon subordinated notes have no periodic interest payments . 
West Germany 's biggest union , IG Metall , said it is ready to back demands for more pay and shorter hours with strikes against the nation 's automotive , steel and engineering industries . 
Failures in seven of nine regional areas fell more than 10 % in the nine months . 
Consumers pay the bill for all this in the price of a refrigerator or an air-conditioned car . 
Now there are more lines connected to the chairman 's office , and the market-monitoring computer has been moved next to his desk . 
The Stick did n't fall . 
So , following both the style he pursued as President Ford 's national security adviser and the recommendations of the Tower Commission , Gen. Scowcroft has pruned the NSC staff and tried to ensure that it sticks to its assigned tasks -- namely , gathering the views of the State Department , Pentagon and intelligence community ; serving as an honest broker in distilling that information for the president and then making sure presidential decisions are carried out . 
Among other concerns , the agency says researchers with business ties are more likely to falsify findings in order to tout new drugs . 
Some Wall Street firms monitor for recordkeeping purposes . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 5.39 , or 1.2 % to 452.76 on Friday . 
The average publicly offered commodity fund fell 4.2 % in September , largely because of the volatile markets in foreign currencies , according to Norwood Securities . 
The legislation would open the way for more telephone services and more competition in the telephone business in the three provinces , federal officials said . 
Vice President Quayle and Budget Director Darman said recently they 've joined the search . 
But does it have to be so soon ? 
Sales were $ 4.66 billion , up 1.3 % from $ 4.6 billion . 
Mr. Krutchensky approached Ms. Volokh five years ago about backing the publication , which started out as a listing guide . 
So Mr. Lawson had to resign . 
Charles D . Way , president of this restaurant operator , assumed the additional post of chief executive officer . 
Call from Sept. 30 , 1993 , at 100 3\/16 , declining by 1\/16 point a year to to par . 
`` The biggest problem we have is that investors realize , after the fact , that they did n't understand what they were investing in . '' 
Although accountants are n't noted as `` being deeply emotional , they really hold it all in , '' said Mr. Burton , former chief accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
The sheets tell how the medicine works , describe how to use it and list its possible side effects . 
The court , agreeing with pipeline companies , found the March 31 deadline was `` arbitrary and capricious '' and `` highly prejudicial to the bargaining power of pipelines '' that were forced to negotiate settlement of the old take-or-pay contracts to meet the deadline . 
Because of the vagaries of Gramm-Rudman , the immediate impact is relatively small . 
The Arabs had tried embargos before . 
Fans of Anthony Andrews ( `` Brideshead Revisited '' ) will relish watching him play the title role ( s ) in the 19th-century Robert Louis Stevenson pre-Freudian drama of schizoid horror . 
`` The Famous Teddy Z , '' which CBS Inc. had hoped would emerge as one of the few bright spots in its otherwise lackluster prime-time schedule , is n't turning out to be the hit the network envisaged . 
`` But instead of gathering their input piecemeal , we formed the team , which reached consensus on the proposal objectives and produced a statement of work to guide all the functions that were involved . '' 
HEALTHDYNE Inc. , Atlanta , said its subsidiary , Home Nutritional Services Inc. , registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission an initial public offering of four million shares of common . 
`` I do n't think the Bush administration has done anything , '' he says . 
Manville said it made the offer within the past several weeks as part of an effort to improve shareholder value . 
One airline official said about three times as many free-travel coupons are being turned in as in previous years -- not surprisingly , as the airlines last year allowed many travelers to build up mileage at triple the normal rate . 
Rebuilding that team , Mr. Lee predicted , will take another 10 years . 
Tuesday , Nov. 7 , 8-9 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Hurricane ! '' 
Kemper officials declined to identify the firms but acknowledged a long-simmering dispute with four securities firms and said the list of brokers it wo n't do business with may be lengthened in the months ahead . 
Mr. Nogales , the first Hispanic person to serve as a Coors director , is an addition to the board , increasing its membership to nine . 
At the time , Mr. Gonzalez said several senators told him that they `` could get some roadblocks out of the way if there could be some understanding on Garn 's insistence on Wall . '' 
Second , a long-term shareholder of a good company need n't worry too much when the stock price drops temporarily : It will bounce back . 
Maryland Stadium Authority -- $ 137,550,000 of sports facilities lease revenue Alternative Minimum Tax ( AMT ) bonds , Series 1989 D , via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group . 
Gregory Damonne Brown of Fremont , Calif. , a hardworking , reclusive young bachelor , told that story to the Tax Court . 
Television last week carried a new report on East Berlin 's main wallpaper factory and the need to boost production . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Central Fund was unchanged at $ 4.6875 a share . 
He also thinks foreign investors , who are showing signs of more discriminate investing , will join the pursuit and pump up prices . 
But he implores that the splendor be played down . 
But the scope of Seagram 's Chivas promotion sets it apart . 
But some traders thought there was less to the rally than met the eye . 
Answers to a dozen questions in the 1986 , 1987 , 1988 and 1989 national surveys reveal that men and women in the 18 to 24 age bracket are considerably more liberal on race and gender than were the 18 to 24 year olds in NORC 's polling in the early 1970s and early 1980s . 
Imo Industries Inc. -- $ 150 million of senior subordinated debentures due 2001 , priced at par to yield 12 % . 
Upping the ante could slow economic development even further , as countries delay market-opening steps in anticipation of richer multilateral support . 
Already , he notes , the 76 charges originally filed against him have been trimmed to 27 . 
They concede that much of the government meddling that torments them is essential to the public good , and even to their own businesses . 
`` If you 're selling equities , you do n't start getting proceeds for five to seven days , '' said Frank Rachwalski , who manages the Kemper Money Market Fund . 
The small U.S. firms are persisting because of their strong positions in patents , and because the prize is still there to be seized . 
For the government , it has become a highly volatile political issue . 
Bush met in Washington with Spain 's Prime Minister Gonzalez and discussed what the president called `` the unique role '' that Madrid can play in furthering democracy in Eastern Europe and Latin America . 
All the issues were priced at a spread of 37 basis points above the Treasury strips with similar maturities . 
`` They even drop semi-obscure names like Wolfgang Flottl , whom everybody these days apparently has heard of but no one really knows , '' says Mr. Revson . 
Adm. Goupil rejected Dassault 's proposal to renovate the Crusaders , saying the cost was impossible to estimate . 
One group of middle-aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city . 
Their relationship with Mr. Sugarman soured shortly thereafter . 
PAPERS : 
It gets more mail in a month than McCall 's got in a year , and it 's not from mothers . 
The convertible capital appreciation bonds all yield 7.25 % to their respective conversion dates , when they become 7 1\/4 % current interest-bearing bonds until maturity . 
Pitney Bowes said the decision was based on a long-term analysis of the compatibility of Wheeler Group 's marketing business with other Pitney Bowes operations . 
They question if Drexel is getting easier treatment than the many small penny-stock firms whose brokerage licenses are routinely revoked . 
The producer of paper used in magazines and by commercial printers said spending on the expansion is planned to begin in the first quarter of 1990 . 
Delta has benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub . 
His point was there is no reason for East Germany to copy Soviet-style changes . 
Results included a $ 37 million gain from the sale of rights from Chevron 's investment in Amax Inc. , and a loss of $ 30 million from the sale of California oil and gas properties . 
That is due mostly to payments from Allianz for most of the 50 % stake it has agreed to acquire in Navigation Mixte 's insurance business . 
The harder he tried to push them into large piles , the closer he came to breaking the rake and straining his back . 
HRH : 
January platinum closed down $ 2.80 an ounce at $ 486.30 , nearly $ 4 above its low for the day . 
The Guber-Peters side has said Warner is particularly concerned about the prospect of a huge Japanese company controlling important segments of the U.S. entertainment business . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Inland closed yesterday at $ 35.875 a share , down $ 1 . 
Colgate-Palmolive advanced 1 5\/8 to 63 after saying it was comfortable with analysts ' projections that third-quarter net income from continuing operations would be between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share , up from 69 cents a year ago . 
Moreover , he says , Irish companies are small but spunky . 
When the tremors struck , the region 's largely unseen high-tech fabric held up surprisingly well despite the devastation visible from the air . 
The U.S. soon found new cause for concern : gun-running . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.55 % three months ; 8.35 % six months . 
Three competitors bid between 300,000 yen and 500,000 yen , according to the Hiroshima government office . 
And by basing donations on BK Doubles , a new double-hamburger line the fast-food chain is trying to push , Burger King works a sales pitch into its public-service message . 
The company said Mr. McKinney plans to retire because the process of affiliating American Fletcher into Banc One `` is considered completed . '' 
The dollar was barely changed against the West German mark and up marginally against the Japanese yen . 
State laws previously used as a yardstick minimum percentages of income -- usually half -- that had to be spent on the program rather than overhead , but these have been overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court . 
`` Customized '' baskets of fewer stocks will also be available . 
Big gains for the ultra-right Republicans party in Baden-Wuerttemburg state municipal elections Sunday showed eroding support for Chancellor Helmut Kohl in a traditional bastion for his Christian Democratic Union . 
Mayer , Brown & Platt , Chicago , added two partners to its Houston office , Eddy J. Roger Jr. , and Jeff C. Dodd ... . 
-- `` Whether the installation is for early warning or space track , it clearly is not deployed , '' the lawmakers said . 
BUELL INDUSTRIES Inc. halved its quarterly dividend to five cents a share , payable Nov. 17 to stock of record Nov. 3 . 
Authorities in Honduras launched an investigation into the cause of Saturday 's crash of a Honduran jetliner that killed 132 of the 146 people aboard . 
The nation 's largest pension fund , which oversees $ 80 billion for college employees , plans to offer two new investment options to its 1.2 million participants . 
It was just those kinds of ultimatums that last week succeeded in turning up the heat in the debate . 
But they are stalwart socialists . 
Kelly\/Varnell had put South Gardens ' carrying capacity at four people per room , or about 100 humans overall . 
Meanwhile , competition from rivals unencumbered by history is intensifying . 
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community . 
But critics consider the changes regressive . 
`` You see these in just about every LBO , '' said Robert Willens , senior vice president in charge of tax issues at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. in New York . 
`` We 're not running that ad campaign any more , '' Mr. Straszheim snaps in a rare show of irritation . 
The South Korean government had been projecting a 5 % consumer price increase for the entire year . 
Last May , he sold his 24 % stake in Barris to a passive Australian investor and Barris was renamed Guber Peters Entertainment Co . 
The death rate from lung cancer of white males aged 35 to 44 in the mid-1970s was 13.4 per 100,000 , but the mortality rate of the same age group in the mid-1980s was 9.6 , a decline of 28.7 % . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
For years , a strict regimen governed the staff meetings at Nissan Motor Co. 's technical center in Tokyo 's western suburbs . 
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions . 
For the real estate industry , a watchword for the 1990s will be buy , more than build . 
But it has only the Fed to pursue price-level stability . 
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . '' 
It was a jarring day for investors in Genetics Institute . 
He would n't specify what it was . 
Altogether , Macy and its subsidiaries own or lease 149 department stores and 61 specialty stores nationwide . 
The committee is to recommend at the end of the month whether DOE should support cold fusion research . 
He added that , after an initial surge triggered by an advertising blitz in March , Sears expected that the pricing program would n't have any effect on revenue . 
The award exercises a Navy option to extend a contract given in 1984 . 
Meanwhile , PaineWebber remains among the leaders in efforts to simply persuade investors to keep giving Wall Street their money . 
Coffield Ungaretti Harris & Slavin brought in Howard A. Menell as a partner in its Washington , D.C. , office , which opened Oct. 1 . 
The merged agency 's game plan to attract multinational packaged-goods advertisers may prove equally difficult . 
A former executive agreed that the departures do n't reflect major problems , adding : `` If you see any company that grows as fast as Reebok did , it is going to have people coming and going . '' 
Which , it should be added , does n't prevent the charities from raking in a lot of money anyway . 
But once the pound steadied with help from purchases by the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , the dollar was dragged down , traders say , by the stock-market slump that left the Dow Jones Industrial Average with a loss of 17.01 points . 
He adds that gold stocks had been down so long they were `` ready for a bounce . '' 
Legislation to this effect has been introduced in Congress in this session by Rep. Stephen Neal ( D. , N.C . ) . 
Despite the progress , Boeing indicated that the work stoppage , now in its 27th day , will have `` a serious adverse impact '' on the current quarter . 
Other large firms , including Bear , Stearns & Co. and Morgan Stanley & Co. , last week announced a pullback from index arbitrage , but only for the firms ' own accounts . 
At this point , the truce between feminism and sensationalism gets mighty uneasy . 
With flat corporate profits on the horizon for 1990 , money managers say price-earnings multiples that look cheap today might go on being cheap for a long time . 
3 . Decide whether you want a panel system or a single adjudicator . 
Issues typically come with `` credit enhancements , '' such as a bank letter of credit , and thus have received high credit ratings . 
He also said tragic results could follow any `` hint of weakening '' of the U.S. defense commitment to Seoul . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 5.04 , or 1.1 % , to 460.33 . 
`` Most people ca n't even remember his name . '' 
The Fed is easily assigned the blame for unpleasantness , like high interest rates or slow economic growth , while the politicians can escape responsibility by pointing to the Fed 's independence . 
Personal spending grew 0.2 % in September to a $ 3.526 trillion annual rate , the Commerce Department said . 
The largest sale in the competitive arena was a $ 55.7 million issue of school financing bonds from the Virginia Public School Authority . 
The shocks generated nerve impulses that traveled via spine to brain and showed up clearly on a brain-wave monitor , indicating no damage to the delicate spinal tissue . 
Officials said South Korean exports to Europe dropped 5.3 % to $ 3.02 billion while imports from there went up 17 % to $ 2.61 billion . 
Exxon claims that use of dispersants , which break an oil slick into microscopic droplets , was a crucial part of its immediate-response plan and that state officials banned their use during the two days of fair weather following the spill . 
The plaintiffs accused Irving of paying less interest than promised in a marketing brochure . 
( In last week 's rape case , for example , the girl turns out to have been a victim of incest , and the biggest villains are the politicians who exploit the case . ) 
Some residents defied orders and returned to `` red '' buildings to retrieve goods . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 5\/8 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered . 
Indeed , Wright said all his life that the greatest lessons he learned were derived from the study of nature . 
The agency 's three California offices , previously called AC&R\/CCL Advertising , will now be called AC&R Advertising to match the name of its New York office . 
The Pentagon has led the charge , particularly as military alliances spread world-wide . 
Dr. Kobayashi responded that he thought the antibody could potentially kill all infected cells . 
A committee representing the unsecured creditors agreed to accept 24 cents on the dollar , Eagle said . 
Going into the 1990s , the GOP is paying a price for the same conservative social agenda that it used to torment Democrats in the past . 
Earnings for fiscal 1989 were $ 14.4 million , or 80 cents a share , on sales of $ 257.8 million . 
Your Sept. 27 page-one article `` Charleston Lost Quite a Lot to Hugo , Especially Gentility '' leaves the impression that the storm was little more than an inconvenience . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Thursday , gold was quoted at $ 368.24 an ounce . 
Mr. Paul had no right to buy art for the S&L in the first place -- it is n't on the comptroller 's `` permissible '' list -- without seeking a special dispensation , which he did not do . 
Both are mining concerns . 
Most of the country 's 20,000 judges and judicial employees joined the work stoppage . 
Efforts to fight the blaze were hampered because water mains were severed as well . 
One analyst said he thought the market continued to be supported to some degree by a delay in the Cuban sugar harvest caused by adverse weather . 
Separately , the commission intervened in a Connecticut state judge 's age-bias suit in federal court in New Haven . 
`` At the end of their day , they are zombies , '' says John Galipault , president of the Aviation Safety Institute , a public-interest group in Worthington , Ohio . 
Rejection has been the major obstacle in the approximately 30,000 organ transplants performed world-wide each year . 
By contrast , surgical abortion is 99 % effective . 
`` The company 's product businesses , with the exception of electronic components , had higher operating earnings for the first nine months of 1989 , '' the company said . 
The threat to China 's balance of payments is further aggravated by the plunge in its foreign-exchange reserves , excluding gold holdings . 
Currency traders , suspecting Mr. Major wo n't defend the pound strenuously , sent the British currency sharply lower Friday against the dollar and West German mark . 
`` The results seem to be very premature , '' said Mitsuru Miyata , editor of Nikkei Biotechnology , a leading Japanese industry newsletter . 
Stoneridge Resources Inc. said it will begin an offering of rights equivalent to 2.6 million common shares and valued at $ 22,750,000 . 
And in suburban Boston , developers are bracing for cutbacks in the computer industry , a major user of office space . 
But he adds : `` Everybody and his sister have opened up M&A shops . 
The deal was symbolized by the restoration of the Shi'ite Sultan Ali Keshtmand to the Afghan prime ministry . 
On Friday , selling dominated the afternoon `` curb '' session in London , which takes place at noon EDT . 
At the same time , the sheer size of the loss , coupled with a slowing of orders , made some securities analysts wonder just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense-electronics concern . 
Mr. Icahn , a much more practiced raider than Mr. Steinhardt , eventually sold a big USAir stake at a tiny profit through Bear , Stearns . 
In addition , its railroad lost a $ 750 million antitrust suit , which is on appeal , and which analysts say could be settled for one-third that amount . 
`` There are no facts { behind the assertions } that we sent any kind of signal , '' he declared in an interview . 
After a recent merger , it is also the only province-wide distributor of magazines and newspapers in Quebec . 
The test project -- which reportedly survived Tuesday 's earthquake -- was a prelude to a state plan to retrofit that critical section of the freeway with the steel casings . 
And Dave Grusin 's witty score embraces the banal requirements of banquet-hall musicianship ( `` Feelings '' is a must ) without condescension . 
One is the Pao , a tiny coupe with a peelback canvas top and tilted headlights that give it a droopy-eyed look . 
`` We ca n't police the many organizations that have sprung up in the last few years using part of our name . 
Despite the dollar 's lackluster performance , some foreign-exchange traders maintain that the U.S. unit remains relatively well bid . 
But he struck out with the decimal system of metric weights and measures the French had invented . 
`` Just imagine how exciting that would be if that 's your horse , '' he says . 
Julie Amparano Lopez in Philadelphia also contributed to this article . 
Direct marketers were especially alarmed when General Motors -- one of the country 's largest companies and a big direct-mail user itself -- entered the junk-mail battle . 
`` Now , they 'll have to increase their coffers to protect for the future and that means rate increases . '' 
The city is full of aging bridges , water mains and roadways that are in need of billions of dollars worth of repair . 
`` We think we 're on target in looking for renewed economic deterioration , '' he said . 
Housing starts sank 5.2 % in September to a seven-year low . 
Among the other actively traded blue-chip issues , Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 to # 10.86 , Hanson skidded 9.5 to 200.5 , and British Telecom fell 10 to 250 . 
Officials at some Rockefeller units are said to be unhappy with the agreement . 
And Mr. Straszheim conceded after a recent drop in manufacturing jobs that `` it may prove to be the case that we got whipsawed -- that we pulled the recession forecast at just the wrong time . '' 
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so . 
My vision is to change human consciousness towards touch . 
It involved the athletics director , two different football coaching staffs , and school trustees and governors -- just about everybody , it seemed , but Donald Shields , the university 's president . 
Though growers ca n't always keep the worm from the apple , they can protect themselves against the price vagaries of any one variety by diversifying -- into the recently imported Gala , a sweet New Zealand native ; the Esopus Spitzenburg , reportedly Thomas Jefferson 's favorite apple ; disease-resistant kinds like the Liberty . 
Expect brushbacks but no beanballs , says Mr. McEnaney . 
Behind the silly posturing lies a real dispute . 
From its peak in 1972 of $ 198.41 , the average American weekly wage had fallen to $ 169.28 in 1987 -- both figures being expressed in 1977 dollars . 
Made in USA . 
I refer essentially to petroleum , electric power , banking and newsprint . 
Delivery of the first aircraft is set for early November , a second for December and two for April 1990 . 
The luxury auto maker last year sold 1,214 cars in the U.S. 
Although the half-hour situation comedy seen Mondays at 9:30 p.m . Eastern and Pacific time is n't a candidate for cancellation , it is slated for fine-tuning and by next week the network may announce `` Teddy Z '' is moving to 8:30 p.m. from its 9:30 time slot , replacing `` The People Next Door , '' which became the first network show to be canceled this season . 
Commodore , West Chester , Pa. , had said in August that it was consolidating manufacturing to cut costs and expected to be profitable in the fiscal first quarter . 
A large number of those leaving are managers and professionals . 
In addition to free massages , there was free counseling , phone calls and a free shuttle bus to a health club , which offered up its showers , saunas and hot tubs . 
Suffering from a downturn in heavy truck production that cut orders for its engines , Caterpillar also said it will indefinitely lay off about 325 workers in the Peoria area and temporarily shut its plant in York , Pa. , for two weeks in both November and December . 
-- In most states , increasing expenditures on education , in our current circumstances , will probably make things worse , not better . 
But it is n't clear that banks would lend sufficient money to deliver a big enough price to shareholders . 
The federal funds rate is the overnight lending rate that banks charge each other . 
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J . 
It adds that births were `` extremely unlikely '' after the fourth cycle and concludes couples who do n't achieve a pregnancy after four to six procedures should be advised that success is unlikely . 
However , one person familiar with UAL said the signs pointed to Coniston because Mr. Trump has n't asked for permission to buy more than $ 15 million of stock under federal antitrust rules . 
For the first nine months of 1989 , Central earned $ 2 million . 
Certificates of deposit do n't pay 23 % a year , for example , but that did n't give pause to clients of one Alabama planner . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is convertible from Nov. 20 , 1989 , to March 17 , 1994 , at a 5 % premium over the closing share price Oct. 21 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
Such authority is more than adequate , say opponents of the legislation . 
Several big securities firms backed off from program trading a few months after the 1987 crash . 
Unincorporated Business : Partnerships and sole proprietorships , professional corporations . 
Sales slipped 1.3 % to $ 2.82 billion from $ 2.86 billion . 
And especially , as the Cobb Parkway strip attests , in cars . 
CONTROL DATA Corp. said it is offering to purchase the $ 154.2 million amount of its 12 3\/4 % senior notes due June 15 , 1991 , at par , plus accrued interest to the Dec. 8 purchase date . 
Many of the buildings , mostly condominiums and apartments , were flattened almost instantly as the underlying soil -- much of it landfill -- was literally turned to ooze by the quake 's intensive shaking , rupturing gas lines . 
To wit , my maiden voyage ( and novitiates are referred to as virgins ) began at dawn on a dew-sodden fairway and ended at noon in a soggy field . 
When the Trinity Repertory Theater named Anne Bogart its artistic director last spring , the nation 's theatrical cognoscenti arched a collective eyebrow . 
Today , the Treasury Department will sell $ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills at the regular weekly auction . 
Does Mr. Steinhardt regret his incursion into the takeover-threat game ? 
But the computer giant appears to have lost a second key contract with Kodak to archrival Digital Equipment Corp . 
They chance alienating the customers they hope to woo by looking like opportunistic sharks . 
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues . 
Joseph Flom , of Skadden , Arps , Slote , Meagher & Flom , which became a leading legal firm in merger cases , said the case `` made takeovers respectable . '' 
She said , `` I would say K mart 's number one job is to address its market-share loss { in discount stores } , which longer-term will lead to improved profit margins . 
The Mouth is back . 
Increasing labor costs , Mr. Tyszkiewicz argued , would only put the countries at a further disadvantage in competing in the barrier-free EC market planned for after 1992 . 
Meanwhile , more computer makers now are competing for the new business . 
$ 75.1 million , two-part offering of bonds apparently was won by a Merrill Lynch Capital Markets group . 
That 's just the beginning , '' he says . 
But the greatest damage was visited on buildings and roadways perched upon landfill , as were the Marina District of San Francisco and the Bay Bridge -- two areas of maximum devastation . 
So far , instead of teaming up , GE Capital staffers and Kidder investment bankers have bickered . 
Firms are permitted wide flexibility in the child-care arrangements they provide . 
The earthquake is likely to reduce GNP negligibly in the near term and then could raise it a bit as rebuilding begins . 
They confront stubborn inflation and a sagging economy , that is to say , stagflation . 
American Home Products Corp. wants to acquire Robins , but only if all legal challenges to the plan are exhausted . 
Allied-Lyons , while powerful in whiskey , does n't own any major white-spirit brands . 
The British firm has begun court proceedings in London to prevent the use of the name `` Deloitte '' by Deloitte , Haskins & Sells and Touche Ross & Co. in England and the rest of the world . 
Enviropact said the two divisions account for about $ 8 million of the company 's $ 20 million in annual revenue . 
Most importantly , the Senate traded away the Bush administration 's controversial plan to finance the bailout , which was partly reinstated later . 
The exempt amount for beneficiaries under 65 will rise to $ 6,840 from $ 6,480 . 
They were priced to yield from 6.00 % in 1990 to 7.20 % in 2009 . 
Mr. Schlesinger is Albert Schweitzer professor of the humanities at the City University of New York and a winner of Pulitzer Prizes in history and biography . 
`` There 's a question whether brokers at the time were fully aware '' of the risks . 
At Chase Manhattan Bank in New York , for example , the yield on a small denomination six-month CD fell about a quarter of a percentage point to 8.06 % . 
Underwriting syndicates at Lloyd 's , the world 's largest insurance market , generally do n't close their accounts for three years , to allow for the filing of claims and litigation . 
Justice has finally recognized its employees ' abuses , thanks largely to the demands for reform by former U.S. attorney in Washington Joseph diGenova , who wants to salvage RICO for real criminals . 
Sales rose 8.5 % to 195.19 billion yen from 179.916 billion yen . 
In May , Mr. Brierley 's stake shrank to 8.7 % after ranging between 9 % and 11 % for much of the previous year . 
The maker of animal health and nutrition products said the business , Creations Aromatiques of Port Valais , Switzerland , and Woodside , N.Y. , is a division of its Mallinckrodt Inc. subsidiary and had sales of about $ 30 million for its most recent year . 
In its new ad campaign , created by D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles Inc. , Chicago , the ski industry is trying to change its image as a sport primarily for young white people . 
Sir John Egan , Jaguar 's chairman , so far has refused to meet with Ford officials , but he is believed to be willing to consider a specific bid proposal . 
His client , Mr. Davis , used just such a letter from Citicorp in pursuing UAL ; Citicorp later agreed to work with a competing UAL buy-out group . 
Breaking into the raucous Chicago Bears-Cleveland Browns match during last week 's Monday night football game , it was nothing but simple block letters superimposed on the TV screen . 
The 1980s have spawned an explosion of consumer choice in America , in everything from phone companies to colas . 
Pioneer Electronic and Sony , both of which dominated buying earlier this month , continued to fall Wednesday . 
All administrative rights for the U.S. jointly controlled by both companies . 
`` We are n't inclined to prune stock portfolios now , '' says Steven G. Einhorn , chairman of the investment policy committee of Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
At the GOP convention last year , he again came out for an amendment with exceptions for rape , incest and life endangerment . 
The meeting offered stark evidence of a dramatic fall in scientific interest in cold fusion research . 
Jaguar officials in the U.S. noted that Ford , as Jaguar 's largest shareholder , now has the power to call for such a meeting . 
That ratio is dangerously close to the ratio of 19.7 that prevailed before the 1987 stock-market crash , Mr. Arbel says . 
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . '' 
For Eurocom , meanwhile , the move gives it a strong U.S. foothold in Della Femina , and more than quadruples the size of its ad agency business world-wide . 
We do n't want to be party to a second rejection , '' he said , adding that coming up with a revised offer could easily take several weeks . 
Most of the mailers are free , but Denver-based Financial Programs sells , for $ 15 , a version customized to the age of the child and the college of choice . 
Last year , 25 % of the 10 million bicycles sold in the U.S. were mountain bikes . 
The bank says it 's interested in purchasing banks in Morocco , Portugal and Puerto Rico . 
Unfortunately for Mr. Maynard , another branch of the USDA , the Agricultural Marketing Service , was in charge of eggs . 
With inflation surging , the pound began falling against the mark . 
That would give the Pentagon flexibility that no other federal agency has . 
Polaroid Corp. , benefiting from staff-reduction savings , reported a strong gain in third-quarter operating results and net income of $ 29.9 million , or 40 cents a share , after preferred-stock requirements . 
These and other modern trading methods `` tend to promote dramatic shifts in assets , '' says George Douglas , first vice president at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Ford said yesterday it will halt imports of the Merkur Scorpio , a $ 28,000 luxury sedan built by Ford of Europe in West Germany . 
Some entrepreneurs are still active , though . 
While his company 's hotel is building a retail complex in Beverly Hills style and redoing existing rooms , it has decreased the number of its rooms . 
But the issue is stickier than it seems . 
A new specialty court was sought by patent experts , who believed that the generalists had botched too many important , multimillion-dollar cases . 
In fact , a sister company , Daewoo Shipbuilding and Heavy Machinery , plans to build 240,000 minicars by the mid-1990s . 
The business includes Beefeater gin . 
Insurance analysts say the exchange 's downturn in profitability is likely to be aggravated by more than $ 600 million in aviation losses ( including the 1988 Pan Am airline disaster over Lockerbie , Scotland ) and a still-uncalculated chunk of claims from September 's Hurricane Hugo . 
I add two others . 
And , just recently , Merrill Lynch cut the recommended bondholdings back to 50 % . 
Nevertheless , the company said that in the latest quarter there were increased material and labor costs , including a new employee profit-sharing plan . 
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re-establish control in Eastern Europe . 
`` That 's really where the leverage hurt , '' says Thomas Herzfeld , a Miami-based investment manager who specializes in closed-end funds . 
These are curious times in South African politics . 
The market 's wild week may speed along the market-reform legislation that has been pending for months in the aftermath of the 1987 crash . 
Other stocks in the Dow industrials that failed to benefit from the market 's rebound included United Technologies , which dropped 1 to 53 5\/8 , and Bethle hem Steel , which fell 1 to 16 7\/8 . 
I sense that it 's going to continue to grow . 
`` Things have grown worse since June 4 , '' Mr. Lai says . 
St. Jude 's market value on Nasdaq exceeds $ 1 billion , so it is n't a small stock . 
Mr. Huggins , 39 years old , formerly was controller and chief accounting officer at Harte-Hanks Communications Inc . 
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines . 
A mild slowdown probably would have run its course by early 1991 , economists say , while the grueling downturn now expected could stretch into 1992 . 
If there 's going to be a race to the courthouse , it has n't started yet . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
If Eastern can get creditor support , court confirmation of its plan could be relatively swift . 
The company 's current management found itself `` locked into this , '' he said . 
The agreement is contingent on certain government approvals and should be completed later this year . 
At the same time , last week 's consumer price index showed that inflation is moderating . 
Pretax profit was estimated at 23.0 billion yen , down from 25.51 billion yen , while net income was estimated at 12 billion yen , up from 11.95 billion yen . 
-- Mayor Art Agnos stands in the glare of television lights trying to explain for the 20th time why the city is severely restricting access to badly damaged structures . 
Courts and legislatures make decisions in very different ways and are each susceptible to very different kinds of errors . 
The agency wo n't allow mushrooms that were canned or packed in brine at any Chinese plant to enter the U.S. until `` satisfactory sanitation-control measures are implemented in China to prevent '' bacterial contamination . 
But again , they may need the help of the machinists . 
The dollar also declined . 
The New York bank holding company 's assets at Sept. 30 climbed to $ 59.4 billion from $ 57.9 billion . 
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit . 
In the name of civic pride and from the desire to nullify a negative image , some city promoters seek to link their municipality with the most recognizable names the city has to offer . 
Chemical profits fell to $ 78 million from $ 98 million . 
Northern Trust Corp. said its board adopted a shareholder rights plan aimed at deterring unwanted takeover bids , but said it 's not aware of any plan to acquire the banking concern . 
The Big Three U.S. auto makers posted losses in their core North American automotive businesses for the third quarter , and expectations of continued slow vehicle sales and price wars are casting a pall over the fourth period . 
However , home builders would have to bear the full costs of such beach-house construction . 
Another major electronics problem faces Mr. Thompson -- the creation of a 24-hour trading system that can be used outside normal trading hours . 
\* USX , LTV , Bethlehem , Inland , Armco , National Steel 
Similarly , the Big Board hopes to entice Merrill Lynch & Co . 
But racial gerrymandering is not the best way to accomplish that essential goal . 
And there has been a drastic decline in the importance of unincorporated business assets -- thanks to industry consolidation and a decline in family farms . 
Overseas exploration and production results also improved because of additional output from the North Sea Magnus Field , a portion of which was acquired by Sun earlier this year . 
`` You need one person to just take care of sales tax , '' says Jennie Tong , executive vice president of Lee Liu & Tong Advertising Inc. , New York . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
The U.S. Commerce Department is planning to try out similar trips on U.S. businessmen in coming months under its Canada First ! Outreach Program . 
Meanwhile , the Treasury sold $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills yesterday . 
The New York Stock Exchange is expected to launch its own program trading vehicle today , just as controversy over this trading strategy heats up . 
Mr. Tucker will succeed Salvatore J. Barbera , 64 , who will hold the newly created position of chairman of the international unit until his retirement April 1 . 
The issue has assumed some of the character of past civil-rights debates and reopens old regional divisions in the Democratic majority . 
In this case , the Members outdid themselves . 
The most dramatic changes , however , probably will come in new-product development . 
The board 's actions leave takeover stock traders nursing some $ 700 million in losses and eager to respond to anyone who might make a new offer . 
Mr. Miller repeated that in the next six months he plans to sell another $ 200 million to $ 300 million of assets to repay debt and reduce interest costs at Wang , a minincomputer maker in Lowell , Mass . 
The oil company claims that it had permission from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency prior to the spill to use dispersant during such an incident at the discretion of the U.S. Coast Guard . 
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were non-recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre-publication costs . 
Even in Russia we managed to give parties . 
The Senate voted to authorize $ 4.5 billion for SDI spending in the current fiscal year , but the House , reflecting a dramatic erosion of support for the program , earmarked only $ 3.1 billion . 
That started the still-raging bidding wars . 
Mr. Nadeau also is chairman and chief executive of Unigesco Inc. , Provigo 's controlling shareholder . 
Without that problem , IBM might have matched last year 's earnings of $ 5.81 billion , or $ 9.80 a share . 
Last year 's retrenchment dried up the working capital of Chinese factories . 
The report to Congress said that fatalities rose 18 % in 1987 and 13 % in 1988 on rural interstates . 
Decisions on increases in the IMF 's capital base traditionally are made by the administration , with subsequent authorization by Congress . 
Many money managers are bracing for a decline in stocks of companies with big debt loads on their balance sheets . 
Dan Rather served as emcee . 
Five million shares will be offered in the U.S. , and 3.4 million additional shares will be offered in concurrent international offerings outside the U.S. . 
By contrast , European firms will spend $ 150 million this year on electronic security , and are expected to spend $ 1 billion by 1992 . 
It may also stipulate that the insured must pass another medical exam before renewal ; if you flunk -- which means you need insurance more than ever -- you may not be able to buy it . 
To the amazement of some traders , takeover stocks were climbing again . 
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev opened a major U.S. trade exhibition in Moscow and spent two hours touring some of the 150 stalls representing such blue-chip companies as General Motors Corp. , International Business Machines Corp. and Johnson & Johnson . 
With some other charities , however , it s the other way around . 
Third-quarter revenue rose 2.7 % to $ 433.5 million from $ 422.1 million . 
The Continental junk bond offering , underwritten by Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , was the only new issue priced yesterday . 
Revenue was flat at $ 1.3 billion . 
Per-share net rose to 44.08 yen from 36.13 yen . 
Belo said it increased its effective tax rate to 52 % from 47 % to account for potential liabilities related to an Internal Revenue Service investigation of its tax returns for the years 1984 through 1988 . 
The plan would extend the period under which Eagle has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan . 
However , as is common with sweeping legislation , the proposal contains many provisions that could destroy important parts of the system it sets out to preserve . 
When Mr. Trump sued Bally , he sued only on behalf of himself . 
The brokers ' hope has been that they could soon coax investors into shifting some of their hoard into the stock market . 
The figures are seasonally adjusted . 
Prices were mixed in Zurich and lower in Stockholm . 
Mr. Jones calls the ranch `` the Pentagon of Sportdom . '' 
NatWest , the most actively traded of the banks , finished at 300 , up 1 . 
The central bank has been helping , but apparently not especially eagerly . 
The heightened competition will hit IBM at a difficult time . 
South Gardens , as the Bartlett scheme is called , will occupy the last 3.5 acres of open space at the southwest tip of Manhattan . 
It is estimated that the Patterson group controls more than 40 % of Rally 's stock . 
Back then , scientists had no way of ferreting out specific genes , but under a microscope they could see the 23 pairs of chromosomes in the cells that contain the genes . 
The group 's advisers want to make certain they have firm bank commitments the second time around . 
Another close ally is Ruth Messinger , a Manhattan city councilwoman , some of whose programs , such as commercial rent control , have made their way into Mr. Dinkins 's position papers . 
The red granite mausoleum draws thousands of visitors daily . 
The Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers said proceeds will be used for expansion , to pay debt and for general corporate purposes . 
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines . 
The U.S. economy grew at a moderate 2.5 % annual rate in the third quarter , the same pace as the second quarter , despite the worst trade performance in six years , the Commerce Department reported . 
The company would n't elaborate , citing competitive reasons . 
Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi set a date next month for general elections that some analysts say could cost him and his ruling Congress ( I ) Party control of the government . 
Among its restructuring measures , the company said it plans to sell 53 of its 453 branch offices and to lay off 800 employees . 
Borrowed shares on the Amex rose to another record . 
Prudential-Bache 's Mr. Rodgers said he does n't see the industry 's capacity-expansion program hindering takeover activity . 
The cheapest , among 100 cities surveyed , was $ 5.11 in El Paso , Texas . 
Columbia , S.C . 
Increased patrolling of business zones makes sense because urban crime is heavily concentrated in such `` hot spots '' of pedestrian density . 
A few months ago , Dentsu acquired 69 % of Australian agency Fortune Communication Holdings Ltd. for 5.9 million Australian dollars ( US$ 4.6 million ) . 
Ever since the hotly contested America 's Cup race last year , the famous yachting match has run into more rough sailing out of the water than in it . 
On two occasions the inflation rate rose to more than 10 % a year . 
Now , Maxwell founder Robert Maxwell says he has an appetite for new acquisitions in the U.S. , adding that he could spend `` a good deal more '' than $ 1 billion on another U.S. purchase . 
Nobody knows how many billions of dollars the Americans With Disabilities Act will cost , because nobody knows what the bill entails . 
The holding company will be called BanPonce Corp . 
The demonstrators have been non-violent , but the result of their trespasses has been to seriously impair the rights of others unconnected with their dispute . 
Arthur Fleischer Jr. , a takeover lawyer at Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson , notes that `` a political and emotional bias '' has developed against junk bonds . 
And Mr. Shultz curtly told Mr. Abrams that the general should be told that only he could repair his tarnished image . 
Common shares outstanding : 21.6 million 
Shell eased 1 to 416 on turnover of 4.8 million shares . 
The strain was discovered by Morinaga & Co. and licensed to Gustafson , a unit of Uniroyal Chemical Co . 
`` I hire transportation , and my customers have fresh cold cuts every day . 
Along the way , we 're introduced to the supporting cast : a blond bombshell secretary ( Randi Brazen -- her real name , honest ) , a scheming young boss ( Fredric Lehne ) , another blonde bombshell who 's also an idealistic lawyer ( Lindsay Frost ) , and a forensics expert ( Charles Siebert ) . 
The bureau 's report also showed that while some measures of the nation 's economic well-being improved modestly in 1988 , the fruits of prosperity were shared less equitably than the year before . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
In a classic defense of a personal-injury case , the consultants concentrate on encouraging the jury to shift the blame . 
Sales were $ 730.1 million , up 7 % from $ 679.5 million . 
Under the debt-equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers . 
On a comparable store basis , including the new acquisitions for both years , sales for fiscal 1989 were up 1.9 % . 
The executive said Paramount and MCA have also held discussions with Chris-Craft Industries ' broadcasting unit , which owns five independent stations in cities such as Los Angeles , San Francisco and Portland , Ore . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
Again , you have to ask the obvious question : Why would intelligent beings kidnap seven Soviet mailmen ? 
The effort to create the nation 's largest employee-owned company began unraveling Oct. 13 when the labor-management group was unable to obtain financing for its $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion offer . 
And some analysts questioned whether Mr. Phillips would have the skills Ogilvy needs to turn the agency around . 
This turn of events has put a big damper on an industry that seemed almost invincible last spring , when fares were rising at double-digit rates and many carriers seemed to be growing fat on near-monopolies in certain markets . 
The Soviets have a world-leading space program , the guests noted . 
But these proposals do not rest on a view of what the Fed 's problem is or , if they do , they rest on an incorrect view . 
The Chosen Soren and the JSP immediately denied the report . 
Mr. Nastro is chairman of the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange in New York and director of commodity administration at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
Five countries announced they would not honor what one Zimbabwean delegate wryly called the `` made in Switzerland '' solution . 
The Treasury bills sold yesterday settle today , rather than the standard settlement day of Thursday . 
One Board member , Bronx Borough President Ferdinand Ferrer , was said to be so impatient with Mr. Dinkins 's behavior at many meetings that he withheld his support for Mr. Dinkins 's mayoral effort until late in the primary campaign . 
Council member Joy Picus , the measure 's chief advocate , considers it part of a `` pro-family policy '' that makes Los Angeles a leader in `` humanizing the workplace . '' 
Father McKenna moves through the house praying in Latin , urging the demon to split . 
Saab , meanwhile , is left to continue its search for an ally to shore up its sagging car business . 
The sale of Bloomingdale 's is a condition of efforts by Toronto-based Olympia & York Developments Ltd. to arrange $ 800 million in bridge financing for Campeau , which disclosed last month that its retailing units , Federated Department Stores Inc. and Allied Stores Corp. , were strapped for cash . 
However , the company 's petroleum services segment , while profitable , was hurt by high financing costs associated with the company 's buy-out of a 50 % stake in Eastman Christensen Co. from Texas Eastern Corp. last June . 
`` M&A is getting all the headlines right now , but these other things have been building up more gradually , '' she says . 
Salespeople try to push their products and avoid discussions of finances . 
Separately , Mr. Brady said he asked the Working Group on Financial Markets to determine whether futures margins are too low . 
Mr. Agnos complained that he was `` ticked off '' that Vice President Dan Quayle , who toured the earthquake site Wednesday , did n't schedule a private meeting with him . 
The basket product , while it has got off to a slow start , is being supported by some big brokerage firms -- another member of Mr. Phelan 's splintered constituency . 
When Anne Volokh and her family immigrated to the U.S. 14 years ago , they started life in Los Angeles with only $ 400 . 
The housing starts numbers , however , are one of the least precise of the government 's economic indicators and are often revised significantly as more information is collected . 
`` In these circumstances , I think they 'd win . '' 
Japan 's steelmakers are raising capital spending 22 % this year to $ 4.8 billion . 
The move followed a round of similar increases by other lenders against Arizona real estate loans , reflecting a continuing decline in that market . 
Northwest Airlines settled the remaining lawsuits filed on behalf of 156 people killed in a 1987 crash , but claims against the jetliner 's maker are being pursued , a federal judge said . 
`` We have one near here . 
Rather , it 's of a kid ( we 're talking about 17 to 22 year olds here ) having a tough time making the best of what will probably be his one shot at college . 
But therein lies another aspect of investment risk : the hazard of shaping your portfolio to avoid one or more types of risk and being blind-sided by others . 
The state agency was particularly vexed to learn that the Rubens and a half-dozen other paintings listed among the bank 's `` furniture and fixtures , '' were actually hanging in the chairman 's house . 
When , however , he decides to be modern , or more accurately , when he decides to be trendy , the results are far less satisfactory . 
But Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa said the offer was for $ 7 in cash and unspecified StatesWest securities valued at $ 3 a share . 
But it is his portrait of Cairo low-life -- of charlatans and opium addicts , of streets filled with `` dust , vegetable litter , and animal dung '' -- that made his reputation , and won him the Nobel Prize in 1988 . 
The result is mistrust and criticism from all around . 
The health-care company said it expects the refund to be included in the first quarter ending Nov. 30 . 
He declined to name the shareholder , the plaintiff 's lawyer or the court where the lawsuit was filed . 
We would have thought by now , though , that there was a significant core of people involved in government life who understood that direct taxation is n't the only way to slow down an economy . 
The first effects are , of course , negative as work is disrupted and people lose income and cut spending . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Johnson & Johnson shares fell 37.5 cents to $ 54.625 . 
Still , Merkur 's demise is a setback for Ford at a time when the company 's image as the U.S. auto maker with the golden touch is showing signs of strain . 
`` It 's a wait-and-see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp . 
Most New York judges are elected , and the federal age-discrimination law does n't apply to elected officials , said James L. Lee , regional attorney for the EEOC in New York . 
The exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held , until it reached a maximum of 35 % after seven years . 
But quite a few money managers are n't buying it . 
No cholesterol , of course . 
`` We urge our people not to wait until they have to fight for their own nation , '' says Mr. Verwoerd . 
The market rebound Monday followed weekend assurances from Mr. Darman that the administration has other plans to win the cut , which is alive and well . 
Moreover , the number of people who spontaneously cited lower prices as the reason for their interest in Sears declined to 16 % in September from 33 % in March . 
Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , CBS Inc. and General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co. unit are expected to announce soon a joint campaign to raise awareness about hunger . 
On Wednesday , Mobil will begin offering separation packages and voluntary retirement in its U.S. production operation . 
This untried concept would expose these firms to potentially astronomical punitive damages . 
But she has no problem with that , she says : `` In the meanwhile , they 're helping us . '' 
But the new union leader makes no apologies for Pemex 's more outward-looking attitude . 
Georgia-Pacific 's advisers are Wasserstein , Perella & Co. , which stands to receive a $ 15 million fee if the takeover succeeds , and the law firm of Shearman & Sterling . 
FEMA , which coordinates federal disaster relief , is already strapped by the costs of cleaning up after Hurricane Hugo , which hit the Carolinas last month . 
UAL 's stock fell $ 6.25 , to $ 191.75 . 
The December contract was down three cents a pound , settling at $ 1.1280 , which was just above the day 's low of $ 1.1270 . 
Toni Johnson pulls a tape measure across the front of what was once a stately Victorian home . 
The IRS assessed the clinic $ 350,000 in back payroll taxes . 
But the ballplayers disagree . 
As if he were Iron Mike , about to enter the ring with a 98-pound weakling , he declared : `` I 'll be able to beat any computer for the next five years . '' 
The banks said they do n't expect the merger to face any regulatory hurdles . 
During 1988 , the Datatronic subsidiaries had combined sales in excess of $ 200 million . 
In perhaps his most telling remark , Mr. Greenspan termed the current U.S. inflation rate of around 4.5 % as `` much too high to be ignored . '' 
Supposedly , he proposed the movie to his producer , Claude Berri , in four lines : 
President Bush must appoint two other members , one a Democrat and one a Republican . 
`` How do you prove a negative ? '' 
Ekco continues to seek further acquisitions in the consumer-products industry , Mr. Stein said . 
And where were all our handsomely paid Indian Ocean allies last year when our convoys were being attacked ? '' 
In addition , they would receive some $ 200 million in payments for interest since then . 
It was clear that more than one gene had to be damaged for colon cancer to develop . 
The $ 17.2 billion total for the bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.2 billion in supplemental anti-drug funds approved by the House-Senate conference yesterday , and the rush of money is already provoking jealousy among states competing for assistance . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software . 
Other market-maker gripes : Program trading also causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to lose ground against other segments of the stock market . 
The rapid deterioration of the Arizona thrifts only adds to the ever-swelling cost of the government 's massive thrift bailout , officially estimated at about $ 166 billion . 
Although he does n't expect any bankruptcies , he does see more plants being sold or closed . 
If that proves true , analysts say Banco Exterior could be a prime partner -- or even a takeover target -- for either a Spanish or foreign bank seeking to increase its market share after 1992 , when the European Community plans to dismantle financial barriers . 
Deutsche Bank plummeted 12 to 645 , hurt by the general mood . 
Meanwhile , the exchange has been trying to lower costs . 
Drexel has to settle with state securities regulators in the wake of its criminal guilty plea and a related civil settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission that includes payment of $ 650 million in penalties . 
Revenue rose 4 % to $ 1.79 billion . 
Bank of Montreal said it added 850 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 725.8 million ) to its reserves against losses on Third World loans , bringing the total it has set aside this year to C$ 1 billion . 
The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as minimalist , Oriental , repetitive , cyclical , monophonic and hypnotic , are relentlessly tonal ( therefore unthreatening ) , unvaryingly rhythmic ( therefore soporific ) , and unflaggingly harmonious but unmelodic ( therefore both pretty and unconventional ) . 
Scot MacInnis , a masseur in Boulder , Colo. , had a scary experience while massaging a man in a natural-foods supermarket as part of a store promotion . 
Senate GOP leader Dole ridicules the budget chief on the Senate floor . 
Is an American Secretary of State seriously suggesting that the Khmer Rouge should help govern Cambodia ? 
When you buy an asset-backed issue , you take the risk that a bank or an insurer could run into unexpected difficulties . 
Czechoslovakia has restricted consumer-goods exports to neighbor countries because of `` massive buying out of food '' by tourists from Poland , Hungary and the Soviet Union , the Rude Pravo daily said . 
Earlier this year , Time even discussed bringing Tele-Communications in as an investor in HBO , executives at both companies said . 
The action , in the Canadian Federal Court , will be against Canada , the Netherlands , West Germany , Britain and the U.S. , the ministry spokesman said . 
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax-exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity . 
The enormous inflation over the past 30 years was largely due to monetary policy . 
Even some takeover-stock traders said they could n't quarrel with the board 's logic . 
Brooks Brothers ' aim is for 20 % of total sales to come from the women 's department , up from the current 12 % . 
Beginning in December 1995 , Galileo will begin a two-year tour of the Jovian moons . 
Judge Sentelle , of the appeals court in Washington , made this point at a Cato Institute conference last week in a remarkable speech titled , `` RICO : The Monster That Ate Jurisprudence . '' 
Plant lovers who studied the maquette were alarmed . 
In Honduras , where the Contras are a hot political issue , he promised to help unblock some $ 70 million in assistance withheld due to the failure of local agencies to comply with conditions agreed upon with Washington . 
From 1984 to 1987 , its earnings soared six-fold , to $ 3.8 million , on a seven-fold increase in revenue , to $ 44.1 million . 
Moody 's said it expects Valley National , of Phoenix , Ariz. , to make substantial further provisions against its real-estate portfolio , and that it continues to suffer from the high cost of carrying nonperforming assets , and from high loan-loss provisions . 
Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 . 
His prominent role put him in the awkward position of challenging the very committee members on whom his state will be most dependent in the months ahead . 
London was weak throughout Friday 's trading , however , on what dealers attributed to generally thin interest ahead of the weekend and this week 's potentially important U.K. trade figures for September . 
Most of San Francisco 's tourists and business travelers already have left -- despite hotel 's offers of rate cuts . 
Thousands remained homeless . 
International Forest , Western Forest , and Fletcher Challenge Canada are Vancouver-based forest products concerns . 
`` There are a lot of have and have-not markets . '' 
Oji Paper , the nation 's largest in terms of sales , said its pretax profit rose 1.5 % to 23.11 billion yen ( US$ 163.3 million ) from 22.76 billion yen . 
The reason : overload , especially of non-subscription magazines . 
In fact , it was up 24 . 
$ 100 million of 8 5\/8 % bonds due Nov. 1 , 1993 priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 8.74 % annually less full fees , via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd . 
To gain more leverage , abortion-rights advocates may seek to fold the bill into an omnibus continuing resolution next month . 
The separate $ 67 billion bill sent to the White House had budget difficulties , too , but was saved ultimately by its importance to a broad spectrum of interests in Congress and the administration itself . 
Nearly 75 options traders on the Chicago Board Options Exchange who cleared trades through Petco , including a handful of traders who lost between $ 500,000 to $ 1 million themselves as a result of Friday 's debacle , are trying to transfer their business to other clearing firms , CBOE members said . 
`` If Lloyd 's wants # 70,000 out of me they will have to take everything I 've got -- and even then I do n't know if it will be enough , '' she says . 
Major steel producers are selling cold rolled sheet steel at about $ 370 a ton , compared with a peak price of $ 520 a ton in 1988 . 
The Goodman is offering a modernized version of Moliere 's `` The Misanthrope '' through Nov. 4 . 
The British Deloitte firm recently withdrew from the merger of Deloitte and Touche world-wide and joined Coopers & Lybrand . 
It is this adapting of absurd ` knots ' and patterns from old books to any surface where a flower garden has to be made that leads to bad and frivolous design -- wrong in plan and hopeless for the life of plants . 
Meanwhile , as the Sunday evening show struggles to stay afloat against the tough competition of `` Murder , She Wrote , '' the grapevine idea is threatening to turn into a weed : The tactic apparently has inspired sample viewings , but accolades are slow in coming . 
HDTVs break down images into more than 1,100 lines , compared with 525 for today 's televisions , providing considerably sharper detail . 
The $ 196.7 million provided for fiscal 1990 anticipates the purchase of a Lockheed P-3 surveillance aircraft and five Cessna Citation II jets . 
Gandhi 's family has ruled independent India for all but five years of its 42-year history . 
The roll call was considered an illustration of the limits of power that the resurgent abortion-rights movement faces . 
`` I 'm not sure they 're going to make it work , '' says Mr. Anderson . 
The Hammacks ' own home , also in Los Gatos , suffered comparatively minor damage . 
Mr. Jones is currently trying to jack up the price for those local rights . 
Well , they can now go and audition there . 
For the nine months , the mining company posted a 40 % drop in profit to $ 30.1 million , or 31 cents a share , from $ 50.6 million , or 52 cents a share , on a 6 % rise in revenue to $ 323.2 million from $ 305.7 million . 
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying . 
The FCC took three specific actions regarding AT&T . 
But he figures that at current levels the stock market is comfortably valued , even with the economy obviously slowing . 
`` I do n't see this as a debt reduction exercise . 
We may ask questions as you go along , or we may wait until the end . '' 
Even claims against individuals and companies face significant roadblocks . 
Boeing Co. 's third-quarter profit leaped 68 % , but Wall Street 's attention was focused on the picket line , not the bottom line . 
In September 1987 , it ordered LTV to reassume liability and funding for the three original plans . 
But his first crop wo n't be picked till next year . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
On the mound , former Red Sox great Luis Tiant , the wily master of 1,001 moves , throws an off-speed strike . 
Wells Fargo is rebuilding its loan-loss reserve , which increased to $ 711 million at Sept. 30 from $ 664 million the previous quarter but was down from $ 852 million a year ago , when the bank still had some shaky foreign loans . 
Its role in the economies of developing countries has grown steadily since the 1970s . 
ALBERTA ENERGY Co. , Calgary , said it filed a preliminary prospectus for an offering of common shares . 
In national over-the-counter trading , MCI fell $ 2.625 to $ 42.375 . 
Aftershocks could intervene . 
At Bear Stearns Cos. , for example , the 15 executive officers led by Chairman Alan `` Ace '' Greenberg got a pay increase to $ 35.9 million for the 14-month period ended June 30 from $ 22.9 million for the 12 months ended April 30 , 1988 . 
Not exactly sophisticated market research , but who cares as long as the campaigns work . 
Separately , a Qintex Entertainment shareholder filed suit in federal court in Los Angeles charging Qintex Australia with misleading shareholders about Qintex Entertainment 's financial position . 
Hiroshima city officials could n't be reached to find out whether they would drop Fujitsu 's bid . 
In a nutshell , pros advise investors who expect a slowdown to hold fewer stocks than usual and to favor shares of big companies in `` defensive '' industries . 
The principles would give the Environmental Protection Agency increased authority and flexibility in regulating pesticides , with the aim of enabling the agency to move more quickly . 
In the early 1980s , I predicted a significant acceleration in productivity growth over the rest of the decade . 
But if the cooperative attitude holds and there is greater consultation on covert activities , the country could be entering an era when such hare-brained schemes are scrapped before they get off the drawing boards , while risky but well-planned secret operations can be undertaken without fear that a panicky Congress will balk . 
The company has stated in recently filed financial documents that it anticipates refinancing its March 1990 payments . 
Sales growth and profit in business products and systems -- Xerox 's main business -- were `` disappointing , '' said B. Alex Henderson , who follows the company for Prudential-Bache Securities Inc . 
He expects real GNP growth of only 2.1 % for the quarter , noting a wider trade deficit , slower capital and government spending and the lower inventory figures . 
The pocketbook impact of health benefits has driven business and labor to a surprising consensus . 
She did n't have hot water for five days . 
In trading at the Chicago Board of Trade , the corn contract for December delivery jumped 5.75 cents a bushel to settle at $ 2.44 a bushel . 
We observed at least two large plastic bags of shredded paper loaded into this truck . '' 
But some holders of the Western Union notes expect the company to propose a more-attractive debt swap that will give them a substantial equity stake in the company . 
Imperial is in the midst of reducing its junk-bond holdings and getting out of the investment banking business in order to return to traditional thrift activities . 
In an unprecedented step , the measure anticipates another $ 30 million in receipts by having the Federal Bureau of Investigation charge for fingerprint services in civil cases -- a change that is almost certain to increase Pentagon costs in processing personnel and security clearances . 
CompuServe provides about 20 % of both sales and earnings . 
`` However , if you exclude defense-related orders then durable goods were down 3.9 % . 
`` At some point , we 're going to need an infusion of funds , '' a person close to the trust says . 
Burger King 's chief executive officer , Barry Gibbons , stars in ads saying that the fast-food chain will donate 25 cents to the Red Cross for every purchase of a BK Doubles hamburger . 
On the $ 1.06 billion baseball agreement alone , CBS is likely to lose $ 250 million in four years , contends Mr. Wussler , the former CBS man , now at Comsat Inc . 
All this stuff still is in the House 's 1,878-page reconciliation bill , and many Members say they 're reluctant to pull out cherished bills , just to see them die . 
Volume totaled 8,930,000 shares . 
Or call it the wave of the future . 
That purchase represented an attempt by Whitbread , a venerable British brewer , to become a major player in the global liquor business . 
The French building group Dumez S.A. said profit jumped 70 % in the first half of 1989 , partly on the strength of nonrecurring gains from a share issue by its Canadian unit . 
More and more observers now realize that the key to ending future HUD scandals lies in forcing Congress to clean up its own act . 
Paribas said Lonrho will participate in the forthcoming capital boost for Societe Commerciale . 
This would leave Britain free to adopt the charter after having rebutted the action program . 
Six-year-old Pace , based in Aurora , Colo. , operates 41 warehouse-club stores . 
Arnold Levine , acting co-chief executive , will continue as senior vice president and a board member . 
`` These are just baby steps toward real interactive video , which I believe will be the biggest thing yet to affect television , '' he says . 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY , Scotts Valley , maker of hard disk drives for computers , annual sales of $ 1.37 billion , OTC , closed to assess what appeared to be minor damage to some of its 20 buildings . 
Profit margins at U.S. company-owned stores in the quarter were up nearly 1 % , which the company attributed in part to lower food costs . 
Net outflows from Fidelity 's stock funds stood at less than $ 300 million , or below 15 % of the $ 2 billion cash position of the firm 's stock portfolios . 
`` Seventeen is written more for mothers , not their daughters , '' said Mr. Lang . 
PRINCE HENRI is the crown prince and hereditary grand duke of Luxembourg . 
You try to maintain your dignity under difficult circumstances . 
Apple Computer , which reported lackluster earnings Friday , lost 1 1\/4 to 46 3\/4 on 1.1 million shares . 
In fiscal 1989 , it had sales of about $ 40 million and an operating loss of $ 1.5 million . 
Airlines tried to restrict the program substantially by limiting the offer to certain days of the week , but it still was apparently used far more heavily than the airlines expected . 
Then he unleashed his own , unstoppable , attack . 
But put her behind a shopping cart and she turns ruthless . 
The 1989 deficit would have been nearly $ 10 billion larger had the government been able to spend as much as Congress intended on cleaning up the thrift industry before the year ended on Sept. 30 . 
`` The report provides detailed documentation of the extent and nature of the problem and indicates how we may want to shape solutions , '' said Joseph Genova , chairman of the committee that oversaw the survey and a partner at the law firm of Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy . 
The product automates an array of functions performed at small to medium-size printing companies . 
She called her daughter to take her to the bank , who , in turn , persuaded her husband , a Mr. Loeb , to run this errand . 
Eastman Kodak Co. of Rochester , N.Y. , said its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups , one for household products such as cleaners and disinfectants and the other for do-it-yourself products such as wood finishes and stains . 
Fireman 's Fund said it has applied for an exemption from these rate rollbacks , and plans to defend its filing in hearings before the department . 
At the end of the exercise , the cash injection from Petronas will increase the bank 's paid-up capital to M$ 1.15 billion after virtually being wiped out by the new provisions . 
Thrifts raised capital mostly by selling mortgages and mortgage-backed securities , which were reduced by $ 7.8 billion in August from the prior month . 
NEW ENGLAND CRITICAL CARE Inc. offered $ 35 million in convertible subordinated debentures through Morgan Stanley & Co. and Prudential-Bache Capital Funding . 
The university had sought an injunction blocking Connaught 's board from recommending or supporting an offer for the company by Merieux . 
Sales climbed 71 % to $ 6.36 billion from $ 3.72 billion as the company capitalized on the ravenous global demand for commercial airliners . 
Financial markets quieted , with stock prices edging lower , bonds inching up and the dollar almost unchanged . 
In each case the ending of this unsustainable inflation caused a severe recession -- the two worst of the postwar period . 
Although time and place have yet to be determined , some details are in place . 
That loss compared with a year-earlier profit of A$ 273.5 million . 
It found them in a cautious , but not downbeat , mood . 
Excluding earnings from discontinued operations a year earlier , net fell only 2 % . 
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed . 
Mr. Lippens said the volume of shares changing hands has grown significantly since mid-September . 
The ARCO plan takes into account such details as which aspects of business are busier at certain times of the year . 
The Ministry of International Trade and Industry is so concerned that it recently took the unusual step of urging Japanese auto companies to exercise caution in capital spending . 
The human-based drug starts the blood sugar dropping sooner and drives it down faster , he said . 
Who was doing all the selling ? 
The visitors then listed technologies up for sale , including launch services and propulsion hardware . 
`` It 's a major issue , and they would n't want to leave it at a lower level , '' says Stephen Glazier , a New York attorney whose writings have been instrumental in pushing the idea that a president already has a line-item veto . 
It gave the Japanese people a value system , based on the rationalization that given the country 's lack of natural resources , they must work hard to create value through exports and buy food with the surplus . 
But East Germany is merely `` the land of truly existing socialism . '' 
In the year-earlier period , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share . 
Drexel does n't have a Delaware office , but the New York firm has been negotiating settlements that would allow it to operate freely nationwide despite its record as an admitted felon . 
`` This year , some investors are changing their policies and investing a lot . '' 
In a statement that was as close as East Germany gets to practicing `` glasnost '' , Otto Reinhold , an East German party theorist , actually acknowledged the reunification dilemma . 
`` His supporters are not venal , but their solution to everything will be to spend more money , and he wo n't have any money . '' 
Treasury bonds also were hurt late in the day by a $ 4 billion offering by the Tennessee Valley Authority and the prospect of a huge amount of new agency debt . 
Meanwhile , the FEMA announced a toll-free telephone number ( 800-462-9029 ) to expedite service to victims of the earthquake . 
The senator 's spokesman said yesterday that he pushed for the sale of Lincoln because `` hundreds of Arizona jobs { at Lincoln } were on the line . '' 
AMR 's earnings decline comes a year after the parent company of American Airlines and the rest of the airline industry set profit records . 
Mr. Parker spins it into a pretty satisfying tale involving Poodle Springs high life , Hollywood low life and various folk who hang their hats in both worlds . 
Thousands of East Germans attended public rallies organized by the Communist leadership and demanded free speech , controls on the security forces and an end to official privileges . 
South Korean exports to the U.S. during the period fell 1.6 % from a year ago to $ 15.06 billion , while imports from the U.S. soared 26 % to $ 11.56 billion . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged a breathtaking 63.52 points in the first 40 minutes of trading Monday as stock-index arbitrage sell programs kicked in . 
If the whole story were told , it would read something like this : 
Lone Star 's Bond Corp. parent , for instance , hails from Perth , Australia . 
But the concept of disproportionate quotas for those with unused capacity , advanced there in an Iranian proposal , was generally endorsed by the ministers . 
The ozone layer is constantly in motion and thus very hard to measure . 
Eurocom will also have the right to buy the remaining 40 % of the merged ad agency group in six years . 
`` A number of us are not going to touch capital gains , IRAs or anything else unless it contributes to deficit-reduction , '' said Sen. Charles Robb ( D. , Va. ) , who is one of the 10 to 20 Democrats who the Bush administration believes might favor giving preferential treatment to capital gains . 
In a pattern it aims to copy in several key U.S. destinations , Cathay recently announced plans to serve San Francisco by flying into American Airlines ' Los Angeles hub and routing continuing passengers onto a flight on the U.S. carrier . 
Barry R. Ostrager , an attorney for Travelers , said , `` there are procedural bases on which this case will be appealed further . '' 
`` I do n't think we created him as much as we fed him , nurtured him and let him grow up to be big and strong . 
In addition , investors ' desire to hold stocks -- directly and through mutual funds -- has held surprisingly steady ; stocks ' importance among assets largely reflects the ups and downs of the stock market , and not a shift in stock-holding preferences . 
He argues that the dollar is now `` moving sideways , '' adding that `` the next leg could be the beginning of a longer term bearish phase . '' 
The monetary tax benefit of indexation for all gains in excess of inflation can be measured using the following equation : tax rate , times inflation rate , times basis for the gain . 
Sales increased 5.5 % to $ 9.81 billion from $ 9.3 billion . 
Until then , Conseco said the stock remains convertible into common stock at the rate of 1.439 shares of common stock for each share of preferred stock , which is equivalent to a conversion price of $ 17.50 a common share . 
In terms of days lost on the job , the study estimated that each affected employee loses about 16 work days a year because of stress , anxiety or depression . 
Since the start of the decade , lift-ticket sales have grown only 3 % a year on average , compared with 16 % annual growth rates in the '60s and '70s . 
Regrettably , too , Mr. Ortiz resorts to the familiar `` numbers game '' when he boasts that `` fewer than 392 { state enterprises } currently remain in the public sector , '' down from the `` 1,155 public entities that existed in 1982 . 
In the opener , Sony Corp. would agree to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. in a transaction valued at close to $ 5 billion . 
Revising employee manuals on pensions , health care and other subjects costs over $ 25,000 a year for Bert Giguiere , president of Professional Agricultural Management Inc. , a Fresno , Calif. , provider of business services to farmers . 
The U.S. Export-Import Bank tentatively decided to guarantee commercial bank financing for the purchase of two Boeing Co. 767 airliners by Avianca , Colombia 's international airline , at a cost of about $ 150 million . 
Which was about what Mr. Shields did , and quietly , until he resigned a few years later , pleading ill health , when the stuff hit the fan . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3425.22 , up 
The top-performing fund in the latest week was Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar , with a seven-day compound yield of 9.45 % . 
Even in Denenchofu , one of Tokyo 's richest neighborhoods , Mr. Morishita 's splashy brick manor -- one of some 10 houses he owns -- outshines the neighbors ' . 
Hens sometimes pass salmonella to the eggs , and it can also be found on unclean shells . 
A good Delicious can indeed be delicious . 
COKE ADS : 
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) . 
The Paris-based group said its earlier projection -- that group profit for all of 1989 would be close to the 322.7 million francs posted for 1988 -- remains valid . 
Failure to win such a determination , however , would lead Comprehensive Care directors to `` consider various alternatives , '' Comprehensive Care said , without elaborating . 
Plans are under way to open a Tiffany 's in Hawaii to cater to Japanese tourists ; it will be run mostly by Mitsukoshi . 
Ford said owners should return the cars to dealers so the windshields can be removed and securely reinstalled . 
By 1995 it will be planted more often than any other apple tree , according to a recent survey of six apple-industry sages by Washington State University horticulturist Robert Norton . 
Mr. Jordan , formerly president and chief executive of Fishkill National Bank in Beacon , N.Y. , succeeds Donald Broderick , who died at 52 in an automobile accident . 
He said the ordinance also will benefit the mentally retarded . 
Unwilling to put up new money for New Zealand until those debts are repaid , most banks refused even to play administrative roles in the new financing , forcing an embarrassed Nomura to postpone it this week . 
Mips Computer Systems Inc. today will unveil a new general-purpose computer that will compete with more expensive machines from companies such as Sun Microsystems Inc. and Digital Equipment Corp . 
Earlier this year , Martin Feldstein , president of the National Bureau of Economic Research , argued forcefully that a government that wants steady , stable exchange rates might try some steady stable economic policies . 
Maryland National Bank 's retail finance division will continue to service the loans . 
CBS hopes to save money by ordering fewer episodes of regular series because sports will fill up a few weeks of prime time . 
But more recently , the pound has been falling with high inflation , which has also seemed almost impervious to the high interest rates Mr. Lawson deployed to stop it . 
Mr. Alexander says he regards the agreement , which has n't been submitted to a judge , as something of a joke . 
The average seven-day simple yield of the 400 funds fell to 8.14 % from 8.21 % , Donoghue 's reported . 
In order to defuse pressure for an amendment , Mr. Mitchell and House Speaker Thomas Foley ( D. , Wash . ) had arranged for lawmakers to pass a statute barring flag desecration before voting on the constitutional change . 
Eventually we came to rest in a soggy patch of field where we had the exquisite pleasure of scrambling out of the basket into the mud while the French half of our ballooning tag team scrambled in . 
Westinghouse 's plant will provide electrical power to the Southern California Edison Co. and backup power and steam to the U.S. Borax & Chemical Co . 
Since the cost of transporting gas is so important to producers ' ability to sell it , it helps to have input and access to transportation companies . '' 
Some men stay , their best friend a bottle of vodka , but two million acres have gone fallow . 
Southam Inc. said its unprofitable weekly newspaper , The Financial Times of Canada , is up for sale . 
2 . Formally or informally , train all your managers and supervisors in the company 's due-process approach . 
This bug is not going to have any affect on that at all . '' 
The DAX index eased 0.99 point to end at 1523.22 after falling 5.5 points early in the session . 
Mr. Engelken moved south to Washington , but he took with him enduring memories of the homer of 1951 . 
This maker of electronic measuring devices named two new directors , increasing board membership to nine . 
The downgrade anticipates completion of the IMA Holdings acquisition today , Moody 's said . 
On Thursday , the Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the first section , which gained 0.24 point Wednesday , was up 22.78 , or 0.86 % , at 2665.66 . 
State loan guarantees are rarely a source of controversy . 
Moreover , an aide to Mr. Brown said Gov. Deukmejian `` has expressed a desire not to spend all the reserve on this . '' 
Theoretically , jurors are supposed to weigh the evidence in a case logically and objectively . 
The debt reduction is expected to save the Fort Lauderdale , Fla. home video concern about $ 2 million a year in interest expense . 
The company is highlighting more special deals in its advertising and stores , and it 's offering to defer finance charges on certain big-ticket items . 
But Christies , Mr. Morishita insists , is happy to see him become a long-term stockholder . 
KIM : 
One of the leaders behind the expanded use of 900 numbers is Call Interactive , a joint venture of giants American Express Co. and American Telephone & Telegraph Co . 
Estimated volume was three million ounces . 
But what do we mean , specifically , by `` creativity '' ? 
There is simply no way to engineer a succession covertly , as is sometimes possible elsewhere on the continent . 
The new gritty game became a money maker for Wall Street 's once austere old-name houses . 
`` But , '' he added , `` we have had that exact same perception six times in the last six years . '' 
Last summer , Sears appeared to have a deal with Canadian developer Olympia & York Developments Ltd . 
Sierra Tucson operates an addiction treatment center . 
Municipal Issues 
Optical-storage devices can handle very large amounts of data and make it far easier to edit film clips or audio recordings with a computer . 
In 1976 , as an upstart in the eyes of Switzerland 's establishment , Mr. Rey laid the foundations of his present-day prominence with an unheard-of raid on Bally , the country 's traditional shoemaker . 
HomeFed has $ 17.9 billion of assets . 
Mr. Krenz is not only closely identified with his mentor , Mr. Honecker , but also blamed for ordering violent police action against protesters this month and for praising China for sending tanks against student demonstrators . 
Mesa President Larry Risley said his board had received Stateswest 's most recent offer and was reviewing it . 
Contract details , however , have n't been made public . 
Woodstream 's Victor-brand mousetraps and other pest-control products are `` doing very well , '' and its plastic storage-case products `` are poised for growth , '' he said . 
That followed a 3.3 % decline in August . 
Magazines are n't delivered at all , even if an individual 's name is listed ; employees who want their magazines have to pick them up from the mail room or the company library -- and are told to change the subscriptions to their home addresses . 
INMAC CORP. , Santa Clara , maker of computer accessories , annual sales of $ 250 million , OTC , said telephones were out at its headquarters but service should be restored by today . 
Rated Ba-3 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Willie Brown , speaker of California 's Assembly , said that Gov. George Deukmejian has agreed to schedule a special session of the legislature within two weeks . 
They now are experimenting with measuring blood flow . 
What we 're seeing now makes a mockery of the idea of insurance : collect premiums from the healthy , dump the sick and let them pay their own bills . '' 
Rita Jenrette , the former wife of Abscam-indicted Rep. John Jenrette , has yet to hit it big in Hollywood , although with roles in such movies as `` Zombie Island Massacre '' and `` Aunt Ida 's Bikini Shop , '' she is doing a lot better than her former husband . 
Revenue gained 3.1 % to $ 26.81 billion from $ 26 billion . 
Though the market was stronger , dealers said fresh buying interest was sidelined ahead of a potential market-affecting debate in the House of Commons set for Tuesday . 
Eventually even Republicans will find a way to frame the issue in ways that expose pro-choice absolutism . 
The company is facing a takeover proposal from the financier Sir James Goldsmith . 
Two old friends , George Bush and Deng Xiaoping , are trying to limit further damage to U.S.-China ties . 
The U.S.-Japan Security Treaty can continue , sort of . 
But the main lesson of economic policy in the past 30 years is that if the Fed compromises with the price-stability objective in the pursuit of these other goals , the result is not high employment and rapid growth but is inflation . 
The agreement is effective Jan. 1 and is subject to approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board . 
His speech criticized the `` idiocy of notions of protected groups in society '' as opposed to individual equality or , as he put it , in `` a common destiny as Americans . '' 
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis . 
However , workers ca n't break ground until legal maneuvers to block the complex are resolved , moves which caused the signing to remain questionable up to the last moment . 
Mr. Friend says he agreed to strike Mr. Alexander above the belt . 
To many Japanese , pachinko is benign or enticingly unsavory . 
They include : 
Verbatim quotation , the judge believed , was justified in order to prove points the author had asserted about Mr. Hubbard -- mendacity , bigotry , paranoia and other unlovely traits that could not be persuasively demonstrated without use of Mr. Hubbard 's own words . 
And the Colorado planner who promised to make some of his clients millionaires on investments of as litle as $ 100 ? 
Texaco 
The key steps advocated include : -- PROPERTY . 
Now , though , enormous costs for earthquake relief will pile on top of outstanding costs for hurricane relief . 
At least two companies , Cadwell Laboratories Inc. of Kennewick , Wash. , and Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. of Wallingford , Conn. , now sell versions of the magnetic devices . 
McGill , a Valparaiso , Ind. , ball-bearing manufacturer , had rebuffed BroadBeach 's proposal . 
Broader market averages were little changed in the latest session . 
The new understanding did n't just spring to life in a spontaneous eruption of sweetness and light . 
That 's a question East Germany ca n't answer easily , no matter what its new leader does . 
PepsiCo Inc. will give away 4,000 sets of `` Game Boy , '' Nintendo 's new hand-held video game in a two-month promotion scheduled to begin Nov. 1 . 
Analog also said that a one million share buy-back program announced in March is substantially complete . 
Analysts say USAir stock might lose four or five points if the Steinhardt stake was dumped all at once . 
Tuesday 's earthquake brought the San Francisco ad scene to a screeching halt yesterday , with only a few staffers showing up at their offices , mainly to survey the damage or to wring their hands about imminent new-business presentations . 
Petroleos will supply 135,000 barrels of oil a day for the refinery , Unocal said . 
Time Warner declined comment . 
The reactions stem from the fact that the vaccine contains multiple copies of the whole Bordetella pertussis bacterium , which causes whooping cough . 
Milton Petrie , chairman of Petrie Stores Corp. , said he has agreed to sell his 15.2 % stake in Deb Shops Corp. to Petrie Stores . 
Not a great deal . 
Gen. Scowcroft is particularly well-versed in arms control , and Mr. Gates has spent years studying Soviet politics and society . 
Big chunks of the government budget , like the entitlement programs of Social Security and Medicare , would n't be affected . 
`` I 've surrendered to the circumstances , '' Mr. Fedders says . 
Just two weeks ago , BankAmerica 's yields in many of those maturities was 8.61 % . 
( Jacksonville , Fla. ) -- Charles Bates , president , chief executive and chief operating officer will resign from these positions and the board effective Oct. 31 . 
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations . 
The Office of Finance of the Federal Home Loan Banks said it priced a four-part $ 2.27 billion bond offering for the banks to yield from 8.125 % to 8.375 % . 
But the government now claims that a group of company managers and lawyers engaged in an elaborate strategy over five years to obscure from federal authorities the extent and details of `` widespread '' fraudulent billing practices . 
But interest instead decreased . 
And has he truly persuaded the Communist Party to accept economic change of a kind that will , sooner or later , lead to its demise ? 
K mart Corp. Chairman Joseph E. Antonini summed up his outlook for the Christmas season as `` not troublesome . '' 
Mr. McDonough believes that the well-being of the planet depends on such stratagems as opening windows to cut indoor air pollution , tacking down carpets instead of using toxic glues , and avoiding mahogany , which comes from endangered rain forests . 
The average daily share turnover for October is almost 148 million shares . 
A private challenge to the monolithic tractor industry will take more time and money than Poland can spare , although a smokehouse or a local dairy can spring up fast . 
`` As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , '' he said . 
UNC Inc. , an Annapolis , Md. , contractor that earned $ 23.8 million on revenue of $ 400.4 million in 1988 , has gone even further in realigning its military business . 
Expects to be fully operational early next week . 
Areas that are made of ` fill ' liquefy . 
On Tuesday , the Tokyo stock price index of all first section issues was down 6.31 at 2681.22 . 
Those who bought that illusion are now bewildered . 
Mr. Pilson 's rivals at ABC and NBC grimaced at the price . 
Mr. Morishita is a leading figure among Japan 's 38,000 `` machikin , '' which lend to small companies , and `` sarakin , '' which lend to individuals . 
Wham ! Bam ! 
CBS expects to make modest profits , but rivals contend that it will take a beating . 
Elsewhere , prices surged for a second day in Frankfurt , closed higher in Zurich , Stockholm and Amsterdam and were broadly lower in Milan , Paris and Brussels . 
The subsidiary also increased reserves by $ 140 million , however , and set aside an additional $ 25 million for claims connected with Hurricane Hugo . 
It said the regular 1988 deficit amounted to $ 43.5 million , based on revenue of $ 74.4 million and expenses of $ 117.9 million . 
The new firm , Hutton Ingram Yuzek Gainen Carroll & Bertolotti , will be based in New York . 
Canadian Pacific put its 56 % stake in Soo Line up for sale last year but could n't find any takers . 
Criticism of the Abbie Hoffman segment is particularly scathing among people who knew and loved the man . 
The private suit was brought by three mentally retarded people who live in a group home in Moon . 
While some analysts say the dollar eventually could test support at 1.75 marks and 135 yen , Mr. Scalfaro and others do n't see the currency decisively sliding under support at 1.80 marks and 140 yen soon . 
The magazines , also ad-supported , will be distributed in more than 10,000 doctors ' offices , clinics , and health centers in Hispanic and largely Hispanic communities . 
There is the new private jet , the platoon of assistants , invitations to the best parties , and television appearances on shows such as `` Prime Time Live . '' 
Excluding the British snack-food business acquired in July , snack-food international tonnage jumped 40 % , with sales strong in Spain , Mexico and Brazil . 
`` If Flynn had n't lived there , the property might have been priced $ 1 million lower , '' says Mr. Rambo , noting that Flynn 's house has been bulldozed , and only the swimming pool remains . 
Treasury officials say the Costa Rican agreement demonstrates that the Brady debt plan can benefit small debtor countries as well as big debtors , such as Mexico . 
Royal Alliance , to which the 3,900 representatives ' licenses will be transferred , is a shell company Integrated owns . 
Not selling into a panic turned out to be very good advice : Despite the market 's volatility , the Dow Jones Industrial Average has surged 114 points in the past four days . 
Anheuser-Busch Cos. , shelf offering of $ 575 million of debt securities . 
`` Even though these favorable trends in lung-cancer mortality affect all sex and race groups , they ca n't be taken for granted , '' the report says . 
And sooner or later , we have to do something about it . '' 
Some have raised their cash positions to record levels . 
We have seen her develop within a few hours from a shy and unknown in-law to a goddess of the flesh who will replace the dead mother , and then some . 
Striking workers , who began striking five diamond mines on Oct. 13 , had returned to work last week when the union and De Beers arranged to reopen negotiations . 
The trade surplus with Europe was pegged at $ 414 million , down 57 % from a year ago . 
Swedish Export Credit Corp. -- # 100 million of 12 % bonds due June 15 , 1994 , priced at 101 5\/8 to yield 12.39 % annually less full fees , via Samuel Montagu & Co . 
No , we are not overreacting . 
The tab even covers $ 8 million in commitment fees owed to Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , even though their failure to obtain $ 7.2 billion in bank loans for the buy-out was the main reason for its collapse . 
He often groans , he says , at the `` clutter '' of sports stories about drugs , alcohol , gambling and some player 's lament `` about the miserly millions he is offered to play the game . '' 
Sandwiched between desks , underwriters sit on benches surrounded by stacks of policies . 
One advantage that federal officials have in handling earthquake relief is the large number of military facilities in the San Francisco Bay area , facilities that provide a ready base of supplies and workers . 
Mr. Jordan of GM , meanwhile , still criticizes Japanese styling . 
In lobbying on other health-coverage topics , the National Federation of Independent Business will press for legislation that would give self-employed people a 100 % tax deduction for their own health plans , up from 25 % currently . 
Orkem , France 's third-largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources . 
Mr. Mulford , responding to critics of intervention , also said intervention is `` highly visible , '' is taken seriously by financial markets and works better than `` was recognized some time ago . '' 
Instead , Mr. Beach says , investors `` probably should be carrying a very high level of cash , '' by which he means such so-called cash equivalents as money-market funds and Treasury bills . 
Under the rights plan , holders will have one right for each common share held , with each right entitling the purchase of one common share for 100 Canadian dollars . 
Since world oil prices collapsed in 1982 , the government has siphoned Pemex 's coffers to make payments on Mexico 's $ 97 billion foreign debt . 
The commission believes that improving AM service would broaden listening selections and increase options for advertisers . 
Many in the Bay Area 's pastry community express disbelief that Ms. Shere kept only one copy of such valuable notes , but she has received moral support from Baker 's Dozen , a group of California pastry chefs that meets regularly to discuss issues like how to keep meringues from weeping and how bovine eating habits affect butter texture . 
Put these together , and you get programs about rape . 
In addition , in any survey , there is always the chance that other factors such as question wording could introduce errors into the findings . 
Financial printer Bowne & Co. said it formed a business translation service , which will provide legal , financial and other services in most major languages , including Japanese , Chinese and Russian . 
McCaw , which dropped 2 1\/2 to 37 3\/4 , has offered $ 125 a share for a majority of LIN 's shares . 
Marsh & McLennan advanced 3 1\/8 to 75 7\/8 , Alexander & Alexander Services climbed 2 to 32 and Corroon & Black firmed 1 7\/8 to 37 1\/2 . 
The Senate is expected to consider the bill shortly , says the senator 's spokesman . 
Cray Research will retain a 10 % interest in the new company , which will be based in Colorado Springs , Colo . 
Meanwhile , investors turned a cold shoulder to the Treasury 's sale of $ 10 billion of new two-year notes yesterday . 
`` The highway system is screwed up '' by the earthquake , Mr. Engelken said . 
The adjacent tables show the issues in which a short interest position of at least 50,000 shares existed as of Oct. 13 or in which there was a short position change of at least 25,000 shares since Sept. 15 ( see accompanying tables -- WSJ Oct. 25 , 1989 ) . 
Tithing : Obedience to one-tenth Commandment . 
Accepted bids were all at 7.962 % . 
Diana D. Brooks , president of Sotheby 's North America division , vehemently denies it offered the Dorrance heirs a money-back guarantee , calling such reports `` inaccurate . '' 
Under guidelines included in an exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence panel last year , the U.S. must inform foreign dictators of plans likely to endanger their lives . 
In the past , not only would reputable professionals have rushed to check out such rumors with the company , but companies listed on the major stock exchanges were encouraged by the exchanges to respond openly to such inquiries from securities analysts . 
Ogilvy & Mather 's top creative executive , Norman Berry , left the agency earlier this year . 
The room in question is the directors ' lounge of H.J. Heinz Co. , 60 floors above the bustle of Pittsburgh . 
The U.S. government 's Sverdlovsk complaint , as with Krasnoyarsk , is no mere political posturing . 
Mr. Pilson gave him one : He bid $ 243 million for rights to the 1992 Winter Games in Albertville , France ; ABC and NBC would n't bid even $ 200 million . 
In 1988 , it earned $ 2.82 billion Hong Kong ( US$ 361.5 million ) on revenue of HK$ 11.79 billion . 
Castle Harlan said that such financing is already being sought and that a formal proposal would be made to Sharon 's Chapter 11 trustee and other Sharon creditors over the next few days . 
When ad dollars are tight , the high page cost is a major deterrent for advertisers , who generally want to appear regularly in a publication or not at all . 
Racial gerrymandering has been a familiar policy in New York City since 1970 , when Congress first amended the Voting Rights Act to expand its reach beyond the Southern states . 
`` We have a good strong backlog for the fourth quarter even without '' the systems that were announced yesterday . 
Harken Energy Corp. of Dallas said it will drop its $ 11.75-a-share , or $ 190 million , offer for Tesoro Petroleum Corp. if the two companies do n't have an agreement to merge by Dec. 15 . 
Dataproducts had sought a buyer for several months , but it is now in the midst of a restructuring plan and management says the company is no longer for sale . 
All these reports about him committing genocide are probably exaggerated anyway . 
Telelawyer is apparently the only telephone service that offers the telephone equivalent of an office visit . 
UNC also is selling new parts , if needed , directly to the military instead of through a prime contractor . 
The institute 's advocacy efforts are based on the needs of the population it serves and represents . 
Trading had been impeded by a major computer failure that took place before the start of Monday 's session . 
Already , the consequences are being felt by other players in the financial markets -- even governments . 
`` They said they wanted to show me how serious they were , '' he says . 
It is a quick fix for a complex problem . 
Six months ago , as some personnel specialists saw it , a perception that President Bush really cared about fair employment -- after what they said was eight years of Reagan-era neglect -- was prodding top management to raise hiring goals for females , blacks and other minorities . 
The issue is further complicated because although the organizations represent Korean residents , those residents were largely born and raised in Japan and many speak only Japanese . 
While recognizing that professional environmentalists may feel threatened , I intend to urge that UV-B be monitored whenever I can . 
The exploration side of the unit has recently undergone a similar overhaul , during which it also lost as many as 400 employees , a company spokesman said in response to questions . 
FEMA still has special disaster centers open to handle the aftermath of Hugo , and spokesman Russell Clanahan acknowledged that `` we 're pretty thin . '' 
And a pending Justice Department interpretation of the assassination ban could raise questions that would have to be settled . 
The recent sharp stock market decline exacerbated those concerns . 
Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug . 
Moreover , Individual Inc. 's computers can weigh the value of an article based on how closely the story matches the subscriber 's interest area . 
In fact , during last year 's campaign , the entire nation constantly heard Mr. Bush tout his accomplishments as head of the Task Force on Regulatory Relief . 
Our five-year plan contains three accounting devices -- negative money , an above guidance management reserve and optimistic inflation estimates -- which understate the spending the Pentagon has committed itself to by almost $ 100 billion . 
The 40-year old Mr. Pope has n't changed jobs enough -- at least the right ones -- to stash away that kind of money . 
`` I 'm not sure what 's going to happen , '' he said . 
Meanwhile , a woman sitting next to a new Fujitsu terminal writes stock-market information on a chart with a pencil and adds it up with a hand calculator . 
According to Fred Demler , metals economist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , New York , `` Highland Valley has already started operating and Cananea is expected to do so soon . '' 
`` The legislature does not want to inhibit the unique government activities by exposing public entities to liability . '' 
`` I 've always relied heavily on the grid and found it never to fail . '' 
Ms. Lowenthal is executive director of the International Foundation for Art Research ( IFAR ) . 
Undaunted , Mr. Dozen said that Daiwa 's goal is to build `` a high-technology oriented international organization with maybe some Japanese flavor to it . '' 
For some investors , it 's the appearances that leave them deceived . 
The French water treatment group said consolidated net profit after payments to minority interests rose to 749 million francs ( US$ 119.2 million ) from 575 million francs in the first half of 1988 . 
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing . 
A decline in truck production more than offset a sharp rise in auto assemblies , the Fed noted . 
Coke could be interested in more quickly developing some of the untapped potential in those markets . 
Institutions , meanwhile , stepped back to the sidelines as the direction of U.S. interest rates remained unclear . 
He will remain chairman . 
`` I have wished I could die and be out of it -- that 's how bad it is , '' Betty Atkins , a secretary from suburban London , says . 
Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include Union Carbide , RJR Nabisco , American Natural Resources , Boise Cascade Corp. , General Foods Corp. , Houston Natural Gas and FMC Corp . 
The tentative agreement between the IRS and Nelson Bunker Hunt is awaiting U.S. Justice Department approval . 
Keep your Thomas Jeffersons , or St. Augustines or Michelangelos ; I 'd take baseball 's Flying Scot without hesitation . '' 
Operating profit grew 57 % to $ 269 million from $ 171 million , while operating margins rose to 16.1 % from 15.9 % the previous quarter and 12.6 % a year ago . 
-- `` Physical exhaustion and depression are common in my life and in some of my teammates ' lives '' . 
As the Chinese have shown and the Soviets are learning , family farms thrive where collectives fail . 
`` Who knows how much they 'll be worth 100 years from now ? '' 
The bad news , however , has n't been bad enough to kill the growing demand for financial planning . 
The situation makes it harder to buy and sell shares quickly , exacerbating the rise and fall in stock prices during program-dominated trading . 
In return , Mrs. Thatcher is excoriated from Fleet Street to Paris as an obstructionist . 
What is wrong with expecting the Japanese to conform to American norms when they locate here ? 
In addition , the executives said IBM will be offering programming tools designed to let anyone working on a factory floor write ad-hoc software , for instance , to do statistical analysis that would pinpoint a problem on a manufacturing line . 
While the pillars did have long metal bars running vertically through them for reinforcement , they apparently lacked an adequate number of metal `` ties '' that run horizontally through the column , said Leo Parker , a structural engineer in Los Angeles . 
The Bear Stearns order that marked the late-day turnaround caused a `` massive buying effort '' as UAL jumped $ 20 a share to $ 170 in the last half hour , said Mr. Bates . 
`` The company will not budge on anything , '' said a spokesman for the union . 
SKF said sales increased 17 % to 18.46 billion kronor from 15.72 billion . 
Wilfred closed its Massachusetts schools earlier this year . 
The president of Herzog , Heine , Mr. Geduld expects the market to be `` very choppy '' for a while . 
Separately , the U.S. Embassy has filed three protests in as many days with China 's government , alleging harassment of diplomats and their families , an embassy source said . 
That 's 115 % more than in 1981 . 
`` I do n't think there 's anyone not building one . '' 
Competition in the sale of complete bikes is heating up too . 
So far , neither the Bush administration nor arms-control experts in Congress seem moved by arguments that these problems may take more time to thrash out than President Bush has allowed . 
Today , Aer Rianta is making a heap of money from its Soviet friendship . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Mr. Gintel said Xtra `` has pursued business strategies that are n't in the best interest of stockholders . 
He added , however , that inflation could be brought down `` close to zero '' without throwing the economy into a recession . 
Corporate Issues 
However , he asserted that the department had n't mastered the technology needed to retrofit the entire Cypress structure . 
It 's hard to accept that it 's over and only took 15 seconds . 
The project involving Motorola concerns a technique , called X-ray lithography , that figures to be crucial to future generations of memory chips . 
Transportation Secretary Sam Skinner , who earlier fueled the anti-takeover fires with his quasi-xenophobic attacks on foreign investment in U.S. carriers , now says the bill would further disturb the jittery capital markets . 
With friends like Mr. Sohmer , do the feminists of Hollywood need enemies ? 
The courthouse , to be built in Monterey Park , is expected to open in the spring of 1992 . 
Investors have been speculating for weeks about the market 's ability to place the $ 7 billion to $ 10 billion of new junk bonds scheduled to be sold by year end . 
While not as brand loyal as in the past , consumers today do n't buy products capriciously , either . 
Whatever the difficulties , Mr. Gorbachev remains committed to increasing foreign trade . 
Meanwhile , Toyota Motor Corp. 's $ 247 million buildup is increasing its annual capacity by 180,000 cars , and Honda is spending $ 317 million on expansion . 
Although it has opened a New Zealand subsidiary , it is still only `` studying '' Japan , the only nation that has n't adopted IBM-oriented specifications . 
`` Some of those folks were coming back , '' says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman , of discount brokers Quick & Reilly Group Inc . 
At the scheduled time , Mr. Stone entered a conference room in a building near where he worked . 
Anyone who 's tried to appear `` natural '' in front of a camera knows that it 's much more natural to end up looking like a stiff . 
Guaranteed by Redland PLC . 
However , David Threlkeld , president of Threlkeld & Co. , an international metals company , noted that so far this year copper consumption is way ahead of the same period of 1988 , and that projected production is below last year . 
If the CIA has become a protection service for Mr. Noriega , the American people ought to know . 
But going against the grain has never bothered Mr. Andersson . 
`` I think it 's on the way back now . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Carnival , for example , has already paid about $ 160 million of the total cost for Fantasy . 
Market participants say investors are not only licking their wounds following the turbulence last week , but they have also been made nervous by two events in West Germany . 
Insisting on a 24.5 % share of any ceiling , Saudi officials have long pressed for the pro rata distribution of increases to all members . 
Its attendance is off 23 % from six years ago . 
But John LaWare , a Fed governor , told the subcommittee the evidence is mixed and that the Fed 's believes the vast majority of banks are n't discriminating . 
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the First Section , which fell 15.82 points Friday , was down 5.16 points , or 0.19 % , at 2676.60 . 
The New York Court of Appeals ruling parallels a 1980 decision by the California Supreme Court requiring shared liability among manufacturers for injuries when it ca n't be determined which company is at fault . 
Ohio Casualty dropped 2 1\/8 to 49 1\/2 . 
He said the stock has n't traded below 1 1\/2 times book value over the past 10 years , which at the moment computes to a stock price of $ 100 . 
The product will be distributed by Pitman-Moore Inc. , a subsidiary of International Minerals . 
The bonds , insured and rated triple-a by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7.25 % in 2016 . 
`` The pilots wo n't let them . 
Last year , the prisons ' sales to the Pentagon totaled $ 336 million . 
The experiment , applicable to many genetic disorders , involved beta-thalassemia , a severe blood anemia resulting from a missing hemoglobin gene . 
The new notes will bear interest at 5.5 % through July 31 , 1991 , and thereafter at 10 % . 
He adds : `` It just has n't gotten down to the engine room yet . '' 
U.S. curbs on the exports of sensitive technology to East bloc countries will remain in place , however . 
Alusuisse is a subsidiary of Swiss Aluminium Ltd. , a Zurich , Switzerland , producer of aluminum , chemicals and packaging products . 
-- Give the EPA more flexibility to declare a pesticide an imminent hazard and pull it from the marketplace . 
But he and Dr. Yonehara said there were still several uncertainties , particularly regarding possible side effects . 
IBM , which gets about half its revenue and more than half its profit from mainframes , also announced upgraded operating system software that , together with the new hardware , lets customers do so-called batch processing as much as 60 % faster . 
One of Mr. Roberts 's observations is that the Bank 's own loan portfolio is in deep trouble because of its lending to developing countries . 
Some dealers noted that nervousness over the recent sharp dive in stock prices could intensify following suggestions by Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita that appeared to advise Japanese investors to be very careful in investing in U.S. leveraged buy-outs . 
HUD has no paper work whatsoever on 30 of the projects , none of the others has been approved and not a single congressional hearing has been held on any of them . 
British government bonds , or gilts , ended moderately lower as equities there recovered from Tuesday 's drop . 
`` I consider it one of the stupidest ideas of the 20th century , '' he says . 
The move also would allow the company to concentrate on core businesses , which include ceramic tile , floor coverings and furniture . 
Any secret can be pirated , the experts said , if it is transmitted over the air . 
Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint . 
Chicago 's new school chief is the hard-nosed Ted Kimbrough . 
She retains her duties of human-resources director . 
Cilcorp Inc. , Peoria , Ill. , said it agreed to acquire the environmental consulting and analytical service businesses of Hunter Environmental Services Inc. of Southport , Conn . 
Future witnesses include a former federal S&L regulator who has accused the five senators of attempting to `` subvert '' the regulatory process by intervening on behalf of Mr. Keating . 
The finance minister 's order was n't sparked by a single event and does n't indicate a souring in relations between the neighboring countries . 
Normally , Violetta can go about her business without wondering whether she is moving as gracefully as the scenery . 
The real estate investment trust said the `` purported class action suit , '' seeks `` damages and other remedies under federal securities law and state law . '' 
When the opportunist Lucio ( Jack Stehlin ) visits the convent to inform Isabella of her brother 's fate , Lucio not only slaps the mother superior on her rear , but brings along a voluptuous companion ( Jill Powell ) , not in Shakespeare 's script , to undulate lasciviously . 
A congressional staffer involved in drafting the sanctions says they are likely to mirror those Mr. Bush enacted shortly after the massacre . 
Revenue rose 3 % to $ 9 million from $ 8.8 million . 
People have a sense the government is ignoring the real problems in our society . '' 
`` There has to be better coordination on a regulatory basis , '' said Christopher Pedersen , director of trading at Twenty-First Securities Corp . 
Mr. Fournier said that as Navigation Mixte chairman , he is prohibited by takeover regulations from organizing his own defense or doing anything besides managing current company business . 
At the other end of the spectrum , West German inflation was forecast at 3 % in 1989 and 2.75 % in 1990 . 
Under certain circumstances , the rights would entitle Philip Morris holders to buy shares of either the company or its acquirer for half price . 
Vandenberg and Rayburn were wise enough to leave specific operations to presidents ; modern senators , Mr. Boren notwithstanding , are less modest . 
Now only three of the 12 judges -- Pauline Newman , Chief Judge Howard T. Markey , 68 , and Giles Rich , 85 -- have patent-law backgrounds . 
`` We will have a reasonably flat year this year , '' Mr. Schwarz says . 
And CenTrust has other problems . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.70 % . 
Terms of the agreement were n't given . 
Defenders say futures make markets more efficient and provide ways for investors to reduce risks . 
`` The '86 act was a fluke . 
But that rule is being virtually overlooked by Wall Street , which is concentrating on coping with the deduction issue . 
Indeed , some investment bankers have already started restructuring deals to cope with the expected rules . 
Industry sources said they expect a fierce battle to emerge between TransCanada , which has a monopoly on Canadian gas transportation east of Alberta , and Nova and Westcoast , which control the pipelines within and running west of Alberta , respectively . 
Squibb Corp. said net rose 17 % to $ 144.5 million , or $ 1.47 a share , from $ 123 million , or $ 1.25 a share . 
So far , Mr. Paul has unloaded but three of his masterpieces , he wo n't say to whom . 
His hands sit farther apart on the keyboard . 
Investors , for instance , may mistakenly assume that the bank or company that originally held the assets is guaranteeing the securities . 
The World Bank also offered 100 million Swiss francs of 6 % bonds due Nov. 16 , 1999 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 5.83 % via Credit Suisse . 
Not just that people are being heard but that their interests are being taken seriously . '' 
Mr. Vinson , the professor , got the law bug and formed Litigation Sciences . 
`` We 're anticipating quite a traffic crunch , '' said one official . 
3:25 a.m . 
He is now changing the place he sleeps every night , sometimes more than once a night . 
The unemployment rate was by far the highest in the southern , so-called Mezzogiorno region . 
That means investors have to focus on the quality of the debt that lies beneath the securities , as well as on the credit enhancement for the issue and the credit ratings the issue has received . 
`` Is there really a commitment or an illusion of activity ? '' he asks . 
Cray made its announcement after the stock market closed . 
He said Jaguar started negotiating with GM and several other car makers over a year ago , but the rest `` dropped by the wayside ever since the share price went above # 4 ( $ 6.30 ) a share . '' 
The issue will be sold through Morgan Stanley & Co . 
The circuit breakers caused a 30-minute shutdown in trading in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index futures contract as the markets were falling . 
The Clarksburg , W.Va. , producer of gas and oil , said it wants shareholders to approve the split because it would `` enhance the marketability '' and trading of the stock . 
The proposed acquisition will be subject to approval by the Interstate Commerce Commission , Soo Line said . 
At 12:01 a.m. EST today , the federal government 's temporary $ 2.87 trillion debt limit expired . 
( He reports his business is up slightly from customers replacing old stock . ) 
Some scientists have suggested that comets and asteroids may have brought enough of this kind of material from the outer solar system to Earth to spawn life . 
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern . 
If the tax on any gain to those assets was doubled , would n't the value fall to the owners of the assets ? 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled 39.55 points , to 2613.73 , in active trading . 
AYER TALKS : 
Nor , by the way , advertisers . '' 
`` I do n't see anything on the horizon that could lead to a precipitous rise in the price . '' 
Together , the six government-controlled or essentially insolvent Arizona thrifts have tangible capital of a negative $ 1.5 billion , foreclosed property of $ 1.8 billion and pastdue loans of $ 1.63 billion . 
But would n't it be more efficient and effective to supply such support to the stock market directly ? 
The Association of Quality Clubs , which puts 1988 industry revenue at $ 5 billion , surveyed the health-conscious over-40 market and found that 43 % exercise regularly . 
Its chief builder , Taiwan-born Feng-hsiung Hsu , nicknamed his brainchild `` the Weasel '' for its tactical flair at wriggling out of horrible positions . 
A decline may come in the first half of 1990 , he said , but the market does n't appear on the verge of a severe downturn . 
With less capital coming in , China 's balance of payments would suffer . 
Wafaa El-Sadr , who heads the AIDS program at New York City 's Harlem Hospital Center , ca n't find help . 
At the same time , they contend that a reduction of NATO forces under a treaty will increase the possibility of a conventional Soviet attack unless the West retains a residual force of nuclear weapons in Europe . 
He 's not predicting a blockbuster , but he is `` more optimistic than three months ago '' because employment remains strong and inflation low . 
Chinese leader Deng told former President Nixon that the U.S. was deeply involved in `` the turmoil and counterrevolutionary rebellion '' that gripped Beijing last spring . 
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F-16 aircraft and related equipment . 
But it said extraordinary expenditures for its radio station and restoration of buildings increased the deficit to $ 57.2 million . 
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally . 
Under the terms of the three-year contract , similar to one reached at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star newspaper earlier this month , the 500 Globe and Mail workers will see a raise of 8 % in the contract 's first year and 7 % in each of the following two years . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 26.23 points to 2662.91 . 
Mr. Carpenter says he will return Kidder to prominence as a great investment bank . 
By contrast , a parliamentary system based on abstract political rights and groups was held to cause , rather than resolve , conflict . 
But according to bankers and stock analysts who have studied the paper mill , price is n't the only consideration . 
K mart officials and Mr. Pilevsky would n't comment on the sale . 
Failure of U.S. equipment makers , IBM fears , would leave it dependent on many of the Japanese companies that compete with it in other parts of the market . 
First City 's portfolio includes approximately 640,000 accounts with about $ 550 million in loans outstanding . 
December gold was up $ 3.20 an ounce at $ 373.40 ; December silver gained 5.7 cents to $ 5.1950 an ounce . 
AT&T applauded the FCC 's actions . 
Nelson Holdings International Ltd. dropped the most on a percentage basis , to 1,000 shares from 255,923 . 
With its recently revised guidelines for RICO , Justice makes it clear that the law currently holds too many incentives for abuse by prosecutors . 
Portfolio managers said expectations are for the issue to be priced at a discount with a coupon of 13 3\/4 % and a yield of about 14 % . 
`` Wall Street thinks of everything in terms of money , '' says Tom Gallagher , a senior Oppenheimer & Co. trader . 
Cross & Trecker Corp. said it reached an agreement to sell its Wiedemann division to recently created Murata Wiedemann Inc. , a U.S. affiliate of Murata Machinery Ltd. of Kyoto , Japan . 
Giant yellow cranes were wheeled up alongside the collapsed segment , preparing to lift off chunks of the debris . 
`` They either pick it up , '' he says , `` or they start pulling from a fresh direction . '' 
To strengthen its capital base , Banco Exterior this year issued $ 105 million in subordinated debt , launched two rights issues and sold stock held in its treasury to small investors . 
And with the recent acquisition of 30 % of Winterthur-based machinery manufacturer Gebrueder Sulzer AG , Mr. Rey has enjoyed the status of white knight . 
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting . 
Simpson is an auto parts maker . 
Stretching his arms in his silky white shirt and squeaking his black shoes , he lectures a visitor about the way to sell American real estate and boasts about his friendship with Margaret Thatcher 's son . 
Chinese officials are trying to use the Canton Trade Fair to lure back overseas traders after the bloody crackdown on dissent . 
Fiat said it 's only interested in technical cooperation with Saab . 
If you are a salaried man , Amen ! 100 % captured . 
Eagle Pencil of Shelbyville , Tenn. , `` Pencil City U.S.A. , '' had made its earliest pilot plastic pencils in 1971 . 
Put March 31 , 1992 , at fixed 107 13\/16 to yield 3.43 % . 
A parliamentary investigative committee dominated by the Congress ( I ) Party concludes that there were no middlemen in the deal and no payment to any Indian individual or company . 
The judge dismissed the suit and ordered Mr. Maynard 's company to pay over $ 100,000 in legal fees to the defendants ' lawyers . 
The central charge against Judge Hastings is that he conspired with a Washington lawyer to obtain a $ 150,000 bribe from defendants in a criminal case before the judge , in return for leniency . 
Supposedly the IRS will sell off the assets of MPI , but before it can , a lowly IRS agent is called into the hospital room of Wylie Slaughter , the dying head of the Central Intelligence Agency . 
`` You have to watch out for counterbids , '' said one analyst . `` 
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.52 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75 % , while the rate on six-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.47 % for a yield of 7.85 % . 
Shareholders ' funds as of July 31 were estimated at more than A$ 1 billion , Mr. Skase said , compared with A$ 725 million a year earlier . 
His appointment expands the board to 13 members . 
Hiroyuki Murai , general manager of the stock trading division at Nikko Securities , said that after looking at the reasons for Friday 's Wall Street plunge , participants realized that the Tokyo and New York markets have different economic fundamentals . 
`` We 've seen continued improvement in 1989 , '' she said . 
A spokesman said its purpose is `` to bolster the impression that NBC Sports is always there for people . '' 
We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC . 
Even in the short run , the investment boom could exacerbate a disturbing trend : Japanese exports are showing surprisingly little tendency to ease . 
We can applaud Mr. Pryor 's moment of epiphany , even as we understand that he and his confreres need restraint lest they kill again . 
I guess we 're all living very tentatively here , waiting for the expected but dreaded aftershock . 
The topic that attracted participants ' attention was Mitsubishi Estate 's purchase of 51 % of Rockefeller Center Properties , announced late Monday in New York . 
Not all of NASA 's space-science work will be so auspicious , though . 
He also questioned whether recent gains in that country can be sustained . 
Vice Chancellor Maurice A. Hartnett III of Delaware 's Court of Chancery heard arguments for more than two hours here , but he made no comment and asked no questions . 
The energy , natural resources and railroad concern had net of $ 137.4 million , or $ 1.35 a share , down from $ 165 million , or $ 1.44 a share , a year earlier . 
If both copies of a certain gene were knocked out , benign polyps would develop . 
LONGS DRUG STORES INC. , Walnut Creek , drugstore chain , annual sales of $ 1.9 billion , NYSE , had only minor damage and only four of its 75 Bay-area stores , all in the Santa Cruz area , were closed . 
But the Population Council , a 37-year-old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government . 
2 . Provide better incentives . 
`` When the market turns around , '' she says , `` it will give a nice picture '' of how leverage can help performance . 
Yet much of the political culture seems intent on castigating the Bush administration for not `` helping '' Mr. Gorbachev . 
Moreover , and here Judge Oakes went to the heart of the question , `` Responsible biographers and historians constantly use primary sources , letters , diaries , and memoranda . 
U.K. base rates are at their highest level in eight years . 
The antibody then kills the cell . 
`` It 's very important that we exude confidence , even though within the family we know there 's a lot of hard work ahead , '' said Richard Miller , the Lowell , Mass. , computer concern 's new president , in a video message to salespeople a month after he took over . 
In Humphrey Bogart 's nightclub , Victor Laszlo leads Free French sympathizers in `` La Marseillaise '' to drown out the Nazis . 
`` There is absolutely no way our board or membership would have approved the portrayal of the Hells Angels in this movie , '' said George Christie , president of the club 's Ventura chapter . 
First Executive and troubled Valley National Corp. of Arizona were next in line . 
HomeFed said the slide in loan originations was more a matter of design than a sign of cooling in the California market . 
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television . 
But Ms. Bertussi asked , `` Who in their right mind is going to file another complaint with the Ethics Committee ? '' 
The move could pose a new challenge to Time Warner 's Home Box Office . 
Mr. Spielvogel said Mr. Achenbaum will work with clients to determine the mix of promotion , merchandising , publicity and other marketing outlets , and to integrate those services . 
Although encouraging dialogue between managers and workers , Mr. Smith does n't countenance what he considers insubordination . 
`` You can think long range . '' 
But the specter of Ford eventually launching a full-fledged bid could unravel the GM-Jaguar talks . 
`` It has difficulties paying its foreign debts , '' says a Hong Kong executive who is familiar with Sitco 's business . 
Investors were quick to spot other potential takeover candidates , all of which have strong cash flows and low-cost operations . 
The city 's economy is growing weaker and expenditures are rising as tax revenue is falling . 
-- The U.S.S.R. has taken unprecedented unilateral measures of openness , by giving American representatives a possibility to inspect the building site of the Krasnoyarsk radar as well as radar vans in the areas of Gomel and Moscow , so as to see for themselves that there are no violations of the ABM treaty of 1972 on the part of the Soviet Union . 
With the gyrations of recent days , says Hugo Quackenbush , senior vice president at Charles Schwab , many small investors are absolutely convinced that `` they should n't play in the stock market . '' 
Republican Sen. William Cohen of Maine , the panel 's vice chairman , said of the disclosure that `` a text torn out of context is a pretext , and it is unfair for those in the White House who are leaking to present the evidence in a selective fashion . '' 
The agency said that because MCI 's offer had expired AT&T could n't continue to offer its discount plan . 
South Korean President Roh Tae Woo , brushing aside suggestions that the won be revalued again , said the currency 's current level against the dollar is `` appropriate . '' 
One large competitor after another is leaping into the booming market Specialized helped create , turning out mountain bikes with such well-known names as Schwinn , Peugeot , Raleigh and Nishiki . 
Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches . 
Yale-New Haven Hospital sees no problem , says John Fenn , the chief of staff . 
Because of the recent junk-market turmoil , the fund is considering investing in other issues instead , including mortgage-backed bonds . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
But there are grounds for complaint . 
The convoy of about 100 vehicles was the first to make deliveries to the capital in about 10 days . 
The stock closed yesterday at $ 33.625 , giving Mr. Icahn 's 33.6 million shares a value of $ 1.13 billion . 
Farmers in the Midwest and other areas have suffered , but those along the Mississippi continue to prosper with holdings that were built with the sweat of men and women living in economic slavery . 
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high-yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields . 
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University . 
The London Times said she had `` contravened protocol . '' 
Procter & Gamble Co. and Noxell Corp. said they received early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act regarding the proposed $ 1.4 billion merger of Noxell into P&G . 
Some components of the American church had their budgets cut in half last year and again this year . 
Fed officials injected more cash into the banking system by arranging $ 1.5 billion of repurchase agreements during the usual pre-noon intervention period . 
Advertising rates for The Wall Street Journal\/Europe , published in Brussels and printed in the Netherlands and Switzerland , will increase 9 % . 
Bond prices posted strong gains as investors went on a bargain hunt . 
But he said a system such as IBM 's should help significantly . 
The Chinese were among 3,372 boat people supposedly from Vietnam who arrived in Japan this year , compared with 219 for all of 1988 , the official said . 
Bias 's coach , Lefty Driesell , ordered the room in which Bias died to be cleaned before the police could arrive ( the order was n't carried out ) , and the school 's athletics director issued false information about the academic standing of Bias and other players . 
The issue by Chicago & North Western is one of the so-called good junk-bond offerings on the new-issue calendar . 
The move by the nation 's largest steelmaker follows a string of earlier announcements by other major steel companies . 
Radio Shack says it has a policy against selling products if a salesperson suspects they will be used illegally . 
Pricing terms were n't available . 
Many funds allow investors to void orders before the close of trading . 
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares . 
Northrop said sales fell because of the decline in B-2 development dollars from the government as the plane continues its initial production stage and because fewer F\/A-18 fighter sections are being produced in its subcontract work with prime contractor McDonnell Douglas Corp . 
`` We 've known for six months the effect of this drug , and our advice to our people has been not to buy the company 's stock , '' Dr. Starzl said , adding that profiting from FK-506 would n't be ethical . 
`` We can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , '' Anheuser said , adding it will take `` appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long-term market share growth strategy '' for the premium brands . 
`` Measure for Measure '' is Mr. Boyd 's first directorial assignment as the theater 's new artistic director . 
A Temple-Inland spokesman said the company expects record earnings in 1989 , and `` we 're still pretty bullish '' on 1990 . 
Results were also bolstered by `` a very meaningful '' increase in operating profit by Colgate 's U.S. business , Mr. Mark said . 
I do n't like the sound of that . 
Many of the problems you presented exist in every part of this country . 
If the situation changes , I 'll get stuck with them . '' 
In the comparable year-ago quarter , the second quarter ended Oct. 31 , Service Corp. had a loss of about $ 12.5 million , or 26 cents a share , on revenue of $ 175.4 million . 
Mr. Purnick and other old-line furriers call many of the the imports unstylish and poorly made . 
Among major pass-through issues , Ginnie Mae 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 98 15\/32 , up 5\/32 , after touching an early high of 98 27\/32 ; 8 % securities were at 94 5\/32 , up 9\/32 ; 9 1\/2 % securities at 100 15\/32 , up 4\/32 ; and 10 % securities at 102 11\/32 , up 3\/32 . 
To the extent that potential Republican candidates and their financial backers realize that the congressional prisoner 's dilemma game works to their disadvantage , the Republican Party will be hindered in its attempts to field a competitive slate of congressional candidates . 
Georgia Gulf , another producer of commodity chemicals , advanced 2 to 49 1\/2 ; Dallas investor Harold Simmons , who holds about 10 % of its shares , said he has n't raised his stake . 
The acquisition boosted Black & Decker 's ratio of debt to total capital to more than 80 % . 
Seldom have House hearings caused so much apprehension in the Senate , where California Sen. Cranston and four other senators were already writhing in the glare of unfavorable publicity over the alleged looting of Lincoln by their friend and political benefactor , Charles Keating Jr. , principal stockholder of Lincoln 's parent company , American Continental Corp. of Phoenix , Ariz . 
Another 20 % of the borrowed funds would come from the sale to investors of junk bonds , which offer less security and typically carry higher yields than bank loans . 
Peter Gumbel in Moscow contributed to this article . 
Located six miles northeast of Venice , the field contains 875 billion cubic feet of methane gas - one-tenth of Italy 's reserves . 
Bond prices were barely higher . 
The fight is putting a tight squeeze on profits of many , threatening to drive the smallest ones out of business and straining relations between the national fast-food chains and their franchisees . 
The exhibition by the U.S.-U.S.S.R. Trade and Economic Council underscores the growing U.S. interest in that nation 's market , though trade between the two countries is a minuscule $ 3 billion . 
`` Those who are on the other side can hardly oppose alternative funding if they continue to insist on calling themselves ` pro-choice ' rather than ` pro-abortion , ' '' says Mary Spaulding , the group 's associate state legislative coordinator . 
In addition , activity at a number of San Francisco-based brokerage houses was curtailed as a result of the earthquake , which knocked out power lines and telephone service throughout the Bay area . 
`` We will vigorously oppose the bill , '' he says . 
He 's the senator most like Arthur Vandenberg , the GOP senator from Michigan who worked to forge a bipartisan foreign policy in the 1940s . 
Lloyd 's says the departures of names is n't likely to hurt its underwriting capacity , currently about # 11 billion . 
The August increase followed a 0.3 % decline in July . 
All anyone need do is hang up a shingle and start planning . 
In a country where elbow room is scarce , laptop machines will take a large portion of the industry 's future growth . 
To date , 1,013 of those children have died , according to the federal Centers for Disease Control . 
Rep. Edwards voices the traditional conservative view that it 's a mistake to put too much power in the hands of a single person . 
The U.S. is required to notify foreign dictators if it knows of coup plans likely to endanger their lives , government officials said . 
`` But not a single piece of paper was sold . '' 
`` People hate to write , '' he says . 
The bank said the talks resulted from solicitations by its financial adviser . 
Whittle is spending $ 150 million initially to launch the network . 
State officials said the court 's ruling clears the way for proceedings to condemn buildings in the area . 
The earlier generation of `` our crowd '' bankers -- Belmonts , Warburgs , Lehmans , Baches and Schiffs -- had stressed above all probity , tradition , continuity and reputation . 
Private Eye had been threatened with closure because it could n't afford the libel payment . 
In an efficient setup , the same PC could perform all those tasks . 
The No. 1 domestic aluminum producer , Aluminum Co. of America , Friday said its earnings fell 3.2 % to $ 219 million , or $ 2.46 a share . 
`` I was upset with Roger , I fumpered and schmumpered , '' says Mr. Peters . 
First City , which issues both MasterCard and Visa cards , has agreed to act as an agent bank . 
The hastily drafted measure could hurt California by requiring it to put up more matching funds for emergency highway assistance than otherwise would be required . 
Ko Shioya spent eight years as the editor in chief of the Japanese edition of Reader 's Digest . 
This is not the case . 
The Oil Pollution Act , scheduled to come up for a vote in Congress this fall , would provide that if claimants are n't paid within 90 days of a spill , the liability fund would compensate them and seek reimbursement from the owner or operator of the vessel , says a spokesman for Rep. George Miller ( D. , Calif. ) , a sponsor of the bill . 
Mr. Langton is among the legions of bikers who got their first taste of wilderness as hikers or backpackers . 
Canada 's gross domestic product rose an inflation-adjusted 0.3 % in August , mainly as a result of service-industry growth , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
Older people help profits by filling in `` downtime . '' 
Westinghouse also is well positioned to sell steam turbine and gas turbine plants to independent power producers . 
Thomas F. O'Boyle contributed to this article . 
He showed an unbroken , still-ticking pocket watch that he retrieved for one woman . 
Issues of insurance brokers were especially strong . 
The Northeast and West regions were unchanged . 
First Tennessee , assisted by IBM , said it will attempt to place the employees within the company , IBM or other companies in Memphis . 
Clifford Stahl , president and chief investment officer of C-S Capital Advisors Inc. , two weeks ago sold his Cincinnati firm 's 107,100 Jaguar ADRs at about 10 each , making a tidy profit on a holding purchased at 4 7\/8 in early May . 
But it 's likely that Sotheby 's will take a higher than usual commission , called an override , on the amount exceeding the guarantee . 
`` Look at Dostoevski and Kafka . 
President de Klerk 's government permitted the rally , and security forces did n't interfere . 
In addition , changes in short interest in some stocks may be caused by arbitrage . 
`` The impression I 've got is they 'd love to do away with it { program trading } , but they { the exchange } ca n't do it , '' he said . 
But trading risk stems from credit risk . 
But he said IBM would have won the business anyway as a sale to a third party that would have then leased the equipment to the customer . 
The S&P futures are merely a `` cheaper and quicker '' way to get access to all 500 stocks , he says . 
One fan , seated several rows in front of the open , upper-deck auxiliary press section where I was stationed , faced the assembled newsies and laughingly shouted , `` We arranged that just for you guys ! '' 
( In auto advertising , however , items such as wheelbases are still described in inches . ) 
`` Everyone is waiting to see if deals can be done at sensible prices and if money is available , '' said Jack Nusbaum , co-chairman of Willkie Farr . 
The federal deficit was $ 155.15 billion in 1988 and $ 149.69 billion in 1987 . 
The Bank of England , on the other hand , had gold reserves that averaged about 30 % of its outstanding currency , and Bank of England notes were accepted throughout the world . 
`` I think they should close down the futures exchange and then we could get back to investing . '' 
Living in Hong Kong , he says , made him sensitive to the limits on food , power and water supplies . 
The two shared results from this route swap , and followed rules on ticket pricing . 
`` Some of us wondered how our intelligence people could put so much stock in his information when he was just as close to the Cubans . '' 
LTV challenged the order , and a federal district court in New York in June 1988 ruled that the agency improperly ordered LTV to reassume responsibility for the plans . 
UAL currently has 22.6 million shares , fully diluted . 
VARIAN ASSOCIATES INC. , Palo Alto , instrumentation and semiconductor equipment company , annual sales of $ 1.3 billion , had only minor damage and no slowdowns were anticipated . 
Not even a tractor . 
By 1988 , when only 10 genetic probe-based tests of diagnostic infectious diseases of humans had been approved for marketing by the Food and Drug Administration , eight of them had been developed and sold by Gen-Probe . 
However , several people said that British Air might yet rejoin the bidding group and that the carrier made the statement to answer questions from British regulators about how it plans to use proceeds of a securities offering previously earmarked for the UAL buy-out . 
`` The interpretation '' of the executive order , Mr. Stoltz said , `` and the way in which the various committees have over time interpreted it , has led in my view to a proper caution on the part of operators , including me . '' 
But a few new spots are opening . 
The memo attempts to remove the tourist board as far as possible from the agency , which pleaded innocent to the charges . 
When the action requires , a prison cell , consisting of an enlarged wire cage , rolls forward on iron wheels on the platform . 
No garden-variety crime , palm-tree rustling is sprouting up all over Southern California , bringing big bucks to crooks who know their botany . 
`` You 're not going to get your taxi drivers and amahs and all that , '' says Rory Nicholas , a director for securities company Elders Bullion & Futures Ltd . 
The Volokhs were afraid that they 'd end up like a friend of theirs who 'd applied for a visa and waited for 10 years , having been demoted from his profession of theoretical mathematician to shipping clerk . 
But such tactics were alien to Switzerland in 1976 , and still are n't common because of share restrictions that companies are allowed to maintain . 
Wanted : An investment that 's as simple and secure as a certificate of deposit but offers a return worth getting excited about . 
Mr. Corry , who has boned up on corporate raiders by reading T. Boone Pickens 's autobiography , had hoped the detente would continue . 
The current president and chief operating officer , J. Odell Johnson , was elected to the new position of vice chairman of the board . 
The confusion could be costly . 
Net income : $ 44.9 million ; or 25 cents a share 
And on Mr. Engelken 's 40th birthday , his wife bought a book detailing the big homer and sent it off to Mr. Thomson to be autographed . 
Undeterred , D.T. 's handlers vowed to press on . 
In response to questions after the annual meeting , Mr. Miller said the company is no longer looking for an equity investor . 
Moreover , the burden of consumer credit payments relative to disposable income may be `` lower in this cycle than earlier , '' Mr. Durkin says . 
Mochida advanced 40 to 4,440 . 
The most striking example yesterday may have been in community development funds , where the two houses had separately approved a total of 27 projects valued at $ 20 million , and the conference added 15 more valued at $ 8 million to ostensibly preserve `` balance '' between the House and Senate . 
`` Dinkins is a decent but sloppy guy , '' says David Garth , veteran campaign consultant here who has always worked for Mayor Edward Koch , defeated by Mr. Dinkins in the Sept. 12 Democratic primary . 
Now Movieline is located in the same building as Vesoft . 
In a study , the comptroller said , `` The city 's glory days are over . '' 
Most of last week 's surge in the industrial average came on Monday , when the average rose 88.12 points as market players snapped up blue-chip issues and shunned the broad market . 
`` They wo n't fight the listed companies . 
The company suffered a loss of $ 270 million in 1985 , but its financial situation has been improving since then . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
An AT&T representative said that the Guadalajara factory will make a full line of answering machines . 
A spokesman for North Carolina Gov. Martin says Hugo has n't prompted proposals for state or local increases . 
A capital-gains tax cut might be paired with such measures to help ensure passage . 
Polysilicon is used in making integrated circuits . 
American Cyanamid Co. -- 1,250,000 common shares , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
The letter outlines broad powers for an independent group of directors provided for in the revised offer . 
Regrettably , two administrations in a row have been unwilling and unable to develop any plan , military or economic , for supporting the Panamanian people in their attempts to restore democracy . 
The 6 3\/4 % notes yield 6.25 % . 
The offer will expire at 5 p.m. EST on Nov. 6 , unless extended again . 
Intertan jumped 2 1\/4 to 56 7\/8 . 
At the very least , the pilots want some form of control over the airline , perhaps through super-majority voting rights . 
The artist 's melancholy subjects bring high prices on the world market , and the U.S. State Department notified IFAR of the theft in February 1988 . 
Economists expect consumer food prices to jump 5.5 % this year to the highest level since 1980 and up from last year 's 4.1 % rise . 
It is the opinion of Timothy Good , author of `` Above Top Secret : The World UFO Cover-Up '' ( Quill\/William Morrow , 592 pages , $ 12.95 ) , that the world laughs too fast . 
Sunday and Monday , Nov. 5 and 6 , 9-11 p.m. EST , on NBC : `` Cross of Fire . '' 
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so-called boom-or-bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said . 
While the agency has done well in many parts of the world , its flagship New York office has had a dismal track record recently ; it has won few new accounts while losing big ones , including Maxwell House . 
An executive model would significantly boost Jaguar 's yearly output of 50,000 cars . 
The latest purchase follows small increases in his holdings made over the past five months . 
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers . 
Skeptics say that if that 's the case , temperatures should have risen fairly uniformly over the past century , reflecting the increase in carbon dioxide . 
In Geneva , where world trade talks are being held under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade , or GATT , the European Community called the U.S. proposal `` a step backward . '' 
The leading contender for the mayoral office , Democrat David Dinkins , has been criticized recently for the way he handled his personal financial affairs . 
Several Wall Street officials say the proposed legislation already is having an impact . 
Poverty is only two blocks from President Bush 's residence . 
He rejoined his family in January 1984 and began the long struggle for justice , pressing everyone from Hanoi municipal officials to National Assembly deputies for restoration of his rights . 
It did n't release terms of the transaction . 
The agency noted that because of a strike by Finance Ministry personnel the provisional estimate does n't correspond exactly to the consumer price index usually published . 
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58-a-share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . '' 
`` The trail of revenue is increasingly going away from pure advertising , and going towards other services , '' Mr. Spielvogel said . 
Under the proposal , a President would have a chance twice each year to return a package of `` rescissions '' to the Hill -- once when he proposes his budget and again after Congress disposes . 
The program-trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading . 
Immunex will have the option to buy back Receptech shares after five years . 
I want to publish one that succeeds , '' said Mr. Lang . 
While the third-quarter earnings were a `` moderate disappointment , '' he said , `` the real bad news is the intensity of price competition '' in the premium-beer sector . 
Poughkeepsie said it is continuing to try to sell itself , under a June agreement with a dissident-shareholder group . 
A former U.S. Marine , Mr. Dinkins got off to a quick start in politics , joining a local Democratic political club in the 1950s , linking up with black urban leaders such as Charles Rangel , Basil Paterson and Mr. Sutton , and getting himself elected to the state assembly in 1965 . 
Rather than gathering momentum , the program is in danger of slowing even more as the government tackles several big assets . 
Pretoria 's approval of the demonstration and the ANC 's conciliatory tone appeared aimed at setting up negotiations to give blacks political rights . 
He adds : `` We are now witnessing a slowdown which , if history is a guide , could persist for a while . '' 
Nelson Bunker Hunt is considering it , although his attorney says he wo n't do it if the proposal jeopardizes a tentative settlement he has reached with the Internal Revenue Service , which claims the brothers owe $ 1 billion in back taxes and is by far the biggest creditor in both cases . 
It also opens a rift in the bank 's shareholders ' syndicate that could lead to a battle for control of the concern . 
For a while , high-cost pornography lines and services that tempt children to dial ( and redial ) movie or music information earned the service a somewhat sleazy image , but new legal restrictions are aimed at trimming excesses . 
McCormick Capital Inc. said its tender offer to buy back as many as 1.1 million , or 44 % , of its common shares at $ 3 apiece , which expired Friday evening , was oversubscribed . 
Small neighborhood businesses could provide more jobs , if crime were not so harmful to creating and maintaining those businesses . 
My response was that sports rarely are important , only diverting , and the quake merely highlighted that fact . 
Reebok added that Mr. Fireman will assume the title of president . 
He succeeds Alfred O.P. Leubert , 66 , who continues as chairman and chief executive officer . 
It should be a scream . 
Out of the blue , the Soviet Chamber of Commerce handed over details on 59 technologies that the Japanese might want to buy . 
Mr. Ginn said the company 's cellular operations now serve about 341,000 customers , up 46 % from a year ago . 
Wilson H. Taylor , president and chief executive officer of this insurance and financial services concern , was elected to the additional post of chairman . 
Dentsu 's billings last year were larger than those of Young & Rubicam , the world 's second-largest ad agency , according to a survey by the publication Advertising Age . 
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all . 
Jacobs is an international engineering and construction concern . 
Sam Ginn , chairman and chief executive officer , told securities analysts in New York that the company expects somewhat slower per-share earnings growth in 1990 , although annual growth should return to the traditional figure of about 7 % thereafter . 
`` It 's very costly and time-consuming , '' says Phil Rosen , a partner in Fleet & Leasing Management Inc. , a Boston car-leasing company . 
The parent company 's net included a loss -- which it did n't specify -- that was related to the company 's 50 % stake in Cineplex Odeon Corp . 
Recruited from New York University 's MBA program , he rose within two years to head of production , overseeing such films as `` The Way We Were , '' `` Taxi Driver , '' `` Tommy '' and `` Shampoo . '' 
This British banking and financial-services group 's investment-banking arm , Barclays de Zoete Wedd Group , announced the following appointments at its merchant-banking subsidiary Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd . 
`` Then there 'll be another swing . 
For the year-earlier month , the Big Board reported 461,539,056 shares , indicating a 13.5 % year-to-year rise , while the Amex reported 36,015,194 shares , a 48 % leap . 
`` I 'm surprised they 're doing this , '' says Penn Kavanagh , president of Schieffelin & Somerset Co. , which markets Johnnie Walker scotches . 
But the agency viewed the creation of the new plans as an abuse of federal pension law and an attempt to transfer the liability of the $ 2.3 billion shortfall from LTV to federal insurance . 
Government officials were expected to combine Waertsilae Marine with two other struggling firms , and thus ensure Finland 's survival as a shipbuilding nation . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Thursday , gold was at $ 368.15 an ounce . 
Westinghouse carefully crafted the agreement because the Justice Department earlier this year successfully challenged a proposed steam turbine joint venture with Asea Brown Boveri . 
Economic analysts call his trail-blazing liberalization of the Indian economy incomplete , and many are hoping for major new liberalizations if he is returned firmly to power . 
But if the price of the stock rises above the strike price of the option , the stock is almost certain to be called away . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Meson said it holds 67,400 Verit common shares , including net purchases of 8,100 shares bought from Oct. 10 , 1988 , to Oct. 11 , 1989 , for $ 3.875 to $ 7 each . 
They say these are small prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all-important cause . 
Silver , now trading around $ 5 an ounce , surged to an all-time peak of $ 50 an ounce in January 1980 from around $ 9 in mid-1979 . 
The fiercely proud but financially strapped British company prefers to remain independent and publicly held , despite Ford 's promise of access to cash and technological know-how . 
And the generally frail condition of Arizona 's lenders means there is little capital available in the state to shore up the economy and slow down the slide . 
She has been on the move almost incessantly since last Thursday , when an army of adjusters , employed by major insurers , invaded the San Francisco area to help policyholders sift through the rubble and restore some order to their lives . 
Did Mr. Loeb , his tipper , breach a fiduciary duty ( and , if so , to whom ) ? 
The company said that the number of access lines dropped slightly in the quarter , a decline attributed to seasonal fluctuations . 
But the dollar later rebounded , finishing slightly higher against the yen although slightly lower against the mark . 
That 's why some investment managers , such as Alex Powers , a vice president of Chase Manhattan Bank 's private banking division , do n't recommend most asset-backed issues for individuals in high-tax states , such as New York or California . 
Judge Merhige is overseeing the bankruptcy-law reorganization of A.H. Robins Co. , the company that manufactured the shield . 
`` I think they 'll be able to move faster to make acquisitions in Texas , '' said Brent Erensel , an analyst with Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
These days , the secretary suffers the further disqualification that he is a member of a club of seven finance ministers who meet occasionally to decide what exchange rates should be , which is a diversion from the real business of the Federal Reserve to stabilize the price level . 
That 's leaving small investors with cold feet , they said , and prompting institutions to take a reserved stance on the sidelines as well , at least until the market in New York settles down somewhat . 
The increase follows a monthly rise of 0.2 % in September from August . 
`` We have not made that decision '' to seek a Jaguar special shareholders ' meeting , said Martyn Watkins , a Ford spokesman in London . 
How did this happen ? 
Provigo plans to sell all non-food operations to refocus on its retail and wholesale grocery business . 
Besides , to a large extent , Mr. Jones may already be getting what he wants out of the team , even though it keeps losing . 
Nicaragua 's Defense Ministry said a group of Contra rebels ambushed two trucks carrying troops in northern Nicaragua , killing 18 of the soldiers . 
Many lawyers maintain that all 's fair in the adversary system as long as no one tampers with the evidence . 
The plant has a hairy stem that produces flowers and diminutive seeds . 
That allowed him to get stronger and stronger , '' he says . 
Fees 1 1\/4 . 
Money is n't the only thing that makes her dump once favorite brands . 
Liz Claiborne Inc. , New York , said its third-quarter net income jumped 62 % , citing continued strength in apparel sales and the start of shipments of its new product lines : a men 's fragrance , large-size women 's apparel and casual knitwear . 
How quickly things change . 
Although Olivetti 's profits tumbled 40 % in the first half of this year , she believes Olivetti 's restructuring last fall and its introduction of new products will begin to bear fruit with an earnings rebound next year , especially if it can fulfill its promise to deliver the new machines by December . 
The company cited softness in the retail health and beauty aids category , `` as well as the intense competition in the company 's sanitary protection product line . '' 
`` Maybe I 'm a little stuffy , but I would n't sell them , '' sniffs Bob Machon , owner of Papa 's Sports Cards in Menlo Park , Calif . 
Despite their ubiquity , the consultants are n't entirely welcome . 
Mr. Bennett will continue as executive in charge of the North Carolina banking operation . 
Volume totaled 14,580,000 shares . 
Alternatively , it said it would offer three Paribas shares , themselves eligible for dividends as of next Jan. 1 , for one Navigation Mixte share . 
-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline . 
As part of the drive , the first 50,000 viewers who put up # 10 each will get a package valued at # 170 -- including a satellite receiving dish , equipment installation and a three-month subscription to its pay-movie service . 
`` Most parents who had to go through that never came back , '' says Michael Shannon , president of Vail Associates Inc. , which owns and operates the Vail and nearby Beaver Creek resorts . 
The Big Board yesterday began trading in its own basket trading vehicle representing the S&P 500 stocks . 
Returns for 1988 from people with six-month filing extensions were due Monday , but the IRS says people in the disaster areas wo n't be penalized for late filing if their returns are marked `` Hugo '' and postmarked by Jan. 16 . 
A classic example of institutions ' hunger for liquidity is portfolio insurance , now widely discredited . 
`` He makes snap judgments , '' says Kiyotaka Kori , the art gallery 's manager and Mr. Morishita 's secretary for more than seven years . 
EXXON Corp. , New York , oil company , NYSE , said its refinery northeast of San Francisco was operating at a slightly reduced rate as a precaution in case of aftershocks . 
Under it , the former billionaire 's assets would be liquidated with the IRS getting 80 % of the proceeds and the rest being divided among other creditors , including Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. , which is seeking repayment of a $ 36 million loan . 
French President Francois Mitterrand , European Community Commission President Jacques Delors , Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and others have begun linking the rapid changes in the East to the need to speed up changes in the West . 
Many of the companies are even dropping their traditional independence and trying to band together to create some sort of standard . 
The shares were suspended from trading following disclosure of the Atlanta scandal ; Consob , the stock exchange regulatory body , reportedly will decide soon whether to end the trading suspension . 
Whitbread & Co. put its spirits division up for sale , triggering a scramble among global groups for the British company 's brands . 
ABC lost $ 75 million on the 1988 Winter Games , partly because of its $ 309 million rights fee . 
Newport Beach telemarketers concentrate on precious metals and oil-leasing deals that typically cost thousands of dollars a shot . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % . 
Consumers may want to move their telephones a little closer to the TV set . 
Combustion Engineering , which provides engineered products , systems and services for power generation , also sold Illinois Minerals Co. , based in Cairo , Ill . 
Unless Mr. Lawson 's resignation leads to a change in British interest-rate policy -- Mrs. Thatcher 's administration firmly supports high interest rates to keep inflation in check -- or posturing toward full inclusion in the European Monetary System 's exchange-rate mechanism , Mr. Lawson 's withdrawal will have little long-term impact on exchange rates , Mr. Chandross concluded . 
Rumors to the effect that the Merksamer chain would file for Chapter 11 arose last week in the jewelry industry . 
No human can examine millions of moves , but Mr. Kasparov , using his ineffably powerful brain , consistently found very good ones . 
Average annual earnings of those who have hung on , though , surged to $ 78,625 last year from $ 69,553 in 1987 . 
Walter S. Fisher , executive vice president and general auditor of the bank 's parent , Security Pacific Corp. , said no bank funds were at risk during the investigation . 
He seeks damages from the company 's 15 directors on grounds that they either `` participated in or condoned the illegal acts ... or utterly failed to carry out their duties as directors . '' 
While Seita retains a manufacturing monopoly in France , it is being hurt by rising imports and from waning cigarette demand . 
And somebody loses on the expected repeal of Section 89 , the benefits test fought by most employers . 
The privatization program is designed to rid the government of hundreds of assets and to raise critically needed funds . 
K mart tested the warehouse-club sector last year with its acquisition of a 51 % interest in Makro Inc . 
In Big Board composite trading yesterday , Nynex common closed at $ 81.125 , up $ 1.625 . 
But the total of all those pinging balls has created an industry with a reported annual income of 13 trillion yen ( almost $ 92 billion ) , or nearly the size of Japan 's vaunted automobile industry . 
Estimates on how much pulp prices will fall next year currently run between $ 150 and $ 250 a metric ton . 
It is n't clear how much those losses may widen because of the short Series . 
As vice president\/national-government relations , Mr. Womack will work with P&G 's top management and with the company 's government-relations staff `` to represent P&G 's interests at the federal level , '' said John G. Smale , chairman and chief executive officer . 
White women serve tea and coffee , and then wash the cups and saucers afterwards . 
All drug-consuming countries must jointly decide to combat and punish the consumers and distributors of drugs . 
But it is not Janet Malcolm who calls him such : his own words reveal this psychological profile . '' 
The papers would be handed over at a bank of telephone booths just off Exit 10 . 
Downtown Bolinas seems to be the part of town that 's worst off . 
The closeness of Soviet perestroika to the fascist social blueprint of Mussolini was evident when Mr. Gorbachev presented his economic vision to the Soviet Congress . 
Directors of Bergen Bank and Den Norske Creditbank , two of Norway 's leading banks , announced they had agreed to the formal merger of the banks . 
`` To make the venture work , they would need Fox affiliates , '' he said . 
It has ruled that such laws might work to stifle fund raising , which would amount to limiting the charities ' first-amendment right to freedom of expression . 
`` We 'll continue to work with them , in keeping with the reputation of the company , and we 'll rely very much on their leadership , '' says Mitsubishi Estate President Jotaro Takagi . 
The latest quarter included a gain of 11 cents a share as a partial reversal of the recall charge , because the reserve established last year exceeded the actual recall costs . 
I never pay my bills Till the very last day ; I lose far less interest By proceeding that way . 
It would create 38,000 local day-care commissions , answerable to the Department of Health and Human Services . 
Jackets may be sold next . 
However , many institutional investors are reacting to the stock market 's plunge as `` a great buying opportunity , '' said Charles I. Clough , chief investment strategist at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
But to Ms. Allen , the employee whose back problem triggered a huge insurance-rate increase , the issue was simple . 
One expert , whose job is so politically sensitive that he spoke on condition that he would n't be named or quoted , said the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer-maintenance workers , for example , doubling as foreign spies . 
Philip Morris , trying to revive the Benson & Hedges franchise , put the account up for review in 1986 . 
Without machines , good farms ca n't get bigger . 
Despite the buy-out group 's failure to obtain financing , UAL remains obligated to pay $ 26.7 million in investment banking and legal fees to the group 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. , Salomon Brothers Inc. , and Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
In this year 's third quarter , for example , net was $ 10.5 million , or $ 1.05 a share , compared with $ 10.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , a year earlier . 
Mr. Murphy of Meredith said one advertiser , which he would n't identify , wants Meredith to provide ad pages in seven Meredith magazines , publish an interior-decorating book that will be distributed at point of purchase , give away a videotape on installation pointers , and possibly use Meredith 's Better Homes and Gardens ' residential real-estate agents to distribute discount-coupon books to new homeowners . 
a tragicomic monologue by an idealistic , not unheroic , though sadly self-deceived English butler in his sixties -- proceeds as if the realistic English novel of manners , like Britannia herself , still ruled the waves . 
Bonnie J. Stedt was named an executive vice president of the American Express Travel Related Services Co. unit of this travel and financial services firm . 
Some cut their earnings estimates for the stock this year and predicted more efforts to control costs ahead . 
Beta figures are widely available and easy to interpret . 
The card holder will pay the modest 1 % fee only on the amounts actually needed . 
The illogic and inaccuracy of John H. Adams 's comments for the National Resources Defense Council fully justifies your characterization of California 's Greens in particular as `` la-la activists . '' 
Mr. Asquith , whose study on junk bond defaults caused a furor on Wall Street when it was disclosed last April , says this year 's junk bond defaults already show a high correlation with his own findings . 
In the nine months , net fell 6.3 % to $ 427.7 million , or $ 3.98 a share , from $ 456.4 million , or $ 4 a share , a year earlier . 
But the handlers mistakenly stuck with silicon chips ; they needed kryptonite . 
You hate to do it because he 's your father . '' 
In addition , pension funds are rarely given seats on company boards and most often try to avoid them because of legal concerns . 
Specifically , the law says the rates must closely reflect what the company 's actual expenses have been to replace damaged cars . 
A lot of observers think so , and , if they 're right , the whole economy as well as the spendthrifts among us could be hurt . 
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . '' 
`` It was the plunge that did n't happen , '' he says . 
In March 1989 , just 15 months into his campaign , Mr. Paul was named by Art & Antiques magazine as one of the top 100 individual collectors in the U.S. . 
One day last March , CBS Sports President Neal Pilson and Olympics superagent Barry Frank met for lunch at the Lotos Club here . 
The turmoil on Wall Street may benefit some retailers attempting to lead leveraged buy-outs of their specialty and department-store chains , investment bankers and retailers said . 
`` We have n't benefited the shareholder as much as we need to , '' said Edgar Woolard Jr. , Du Pont 's chairman and chief executive officer , in an interview several months before he entered his current position in April . 
Lucy , of course , is pretty and smart , though uneducated . 
The morning session was dominated by individuals and dealers , but some institutions participated in the afternoon , encouraged by the market 's firmness , traders said . 
The combined value of daily equity trading on the New York Exchange , the American Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ over-the-counter market ranges between $ 7 billion and $ 10 billion . 
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier . 
In fact , he thinks several steelmakers will report actual losses through the third quarter of 1990 . 
Mr. Krenz , age 52 , is known as an old-guard ironfist , one likely to continue the method of running a country that the Berlin Wall made famous . 
The accompanying table shows how this strategy would work for three stocks . 
Since the 1987 crash , the industrials have soared more than 54 % , and the widely watched market barometer is about 4 % below its record high set earlier this month . 
The Swedish publishers of a new Estonian-language newspaper rushed an extra edition across the Baltic on Oct. 10 after the first run sold out in one day . 
A previously available program called Network Computing System , developed by Hewlett-Packard 's Apollo division , for instance , takes a task and splits it up into parts , divvying up those parts to several computers in a network for simultaneous processing . 
Mr. Tomlin , who left the Navy in 1985 , pleaded guilty earlier this year to related conspiracy , bribery and tax-evasion charges . 
It was downhill from there , however . 
A company spokesman said it was `` possible , but highly unlikely , '' that the plant might never be built . 
After being whipsawed by a volatile stock market , Treasury bonds closed higher . 
The diversified operations helped GM build its cash reserves , exclusive of its financial subsidiary , to $ 5.5 billion as of Sept. 30 , a 22 % increase from a year earlier . 
First , he suggests , GPA Group Ltd. , the international aircraft leasing company based in Ireland , could lease some of its Boeing jetliners to the Soviet airline . 
Amdura 's bridge loan , part of the financing for Amdura 's acquisition of CoastAmerica in December 1988 , was to come due next Friday . 
No , but he 's endangered all the same : His new sitcom on ABC needs a following to stay on the air . 
Their original indictment against Mr. Wittgreen , the friend of Mr. Noriega , and the other four was dismissed on a technicality . 
Mr. Steinhardt also could take that route . 
Ms. Garratt 's assets and liabilities were n't disclosed . 
Doug Hammond , the federal mediator in Seattle , where Boeing is based , said the parties will continue to sit down daily until a new settlement proposal emerges or the talks break off again . 
The Intelligence Committee 's ranking Republican , Senator William Cohen , joined with Senator George Mitchell to write a best seller about Iran-Contra , deploring `` Men of Zeal . '' 
In recent weeks , moreover , Mr. Brady has joined other administration officials in trying to urge the Fed toward lower interest rates . 
Stocks of major toy makers rallied in the wake of strong third-quarter earnings reports . 
At Hewlett-Packard Co. , the earthquake came just as the company was reviewing its own emergency procedures . 
While there are no easy low-cost solutions , simply ignoring our problems will result in their severity increasing and spreading throughout the state , the nation and the world . 
However , Mr. Lee said that USI Far East is confident other investors will take up the slack . 
`` We 're going to have to mail a lot less and a lot smarter , '' says Jack Miller , president of Quill Corp. , a Lincolnshire , Ill. , business-to-business mail-order company . 
Under a previous buyback program , Inco has purchased 1.7 million of its shares since April . 
Since 1984 , in fact , revenues of the 10 largest guard companies , primarily serving such big businesses , have increased by almost 62 % . 
Investigating Jupiter in detail may provide clues to what astronomer Tobias Owen calls the `` cosmic paradox '' of life : Jupiter and other bodies in the outer solar system are rich in elements such as hydrogen that are essential for life on Earth , but these planets are lifeless ; Earth , on the other hand , has a diminished store of such material but is rich in life . 
The company said aerospace and defense sales were up 2 % for the quarter to $ 802 million , and operating profit climbed 6 % to $ 61 million , mainly because of improved program performance in spacecraft and advanced-technology contracts . 
Waxman sells a variety of hardware products for the home repair market . 
Philip Morris , the most active Big Board issue for the second consecutive session , was unchanged at 43 1\/4 on 3.9 million shares . 
The quarterly dividend is payable Dec. 1 to shares of record Nov. 3 . 
Slower growth countries included Greece , at 2.5 % , the U.K. , at 2.25 % , and Denmark , at 1.75 % . 
Whereas most men were a bit ambivalent about the sex scandals ( though they were furious about Recruit ) , women were upset about both and surged to the polls . 
In other words , it was offsetting purchases of marks and yen by buying dollars in the domestic money market . 
Surely , the past suffering of any people at any time can not be simply filed away and forgotten . 
The 1987 highway bill permitted states to raise the speed limit to 65 mph from 55 mph on interstate roads , which are defined as highways that pass through areas with fewer than 50,000 people . 
Manville Corp. said it offered to buy $ 500 million of its convertible preferred stock from the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust in a move that would improve the trust 's liquidity and reduce the potential number of Manville shares outstanding . 
It 's understood several compromises already have been worked into the plan . 
Its stock fell 12.5 cents , to $ 2.125 , in American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
If there 's somethin' strange in your neighborhood ... 
The rebel officer 's slow and painful death , at the headquarters of Panama 's Battalion-2000 squad , was personally supervised by Gen. Noriega , says a U.S. official with access to intelligence reports . 
`` It 's just not true , '' he says . 
The Venice city council is battling plans to tap huge gas fields off the coast that it says will speed up the city 's slow sinking into its lagoon . 
SYDNEY-Qintex Australia Ltd. , under pressure from bank lenders , has called in accounting firm Peat Marwick Hungerfords to help oversee asset sales and restructure the resorts and media company . 
Roads and bridges in the Bay area appear to have suffered some of the most costly damage . 
We scribblers quickly concurred that not only was the bad rep of big-time college sports richly earned , but also that it could be corrected . 
Mr. Calloway blamed the slower volume on rainier weather , a dearth of new products in the industry and -- to a much lesser extent -- pricing . 
The surprise resignations of two top economic government officials heaped more uncertainty on London 's financial markets , which already have been laboring under worries about Britain 's ailing economy . 
The proposed guidelines could also delay commercialization -- and force small companies to waste scarce capital , entrepreneurs say . 
News reports said yesterday that Saab is trying to start negotiations with French automakers Peugeot and Renault . 
Readers of these columns ( `` The Science Police , '' May 15 ) will recall that Dr. Baltimore was merely the most well-known part of the Dingell committee 's larger investigation , which touched MIT , Tufts , Duke , the National Institutes of Health and elsewhere . 
The killers fled with less than $ 100 . 
Utilities management is a major commercial niche . 
Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business . 
Revco D.S. Inc. , the drugstore chain that filed for bankruptcy-court protection last year , received a $ 925 million offer from a group led by Texas billionaire Robert Bass . 
Jamaica costs 504 punts . 
The transaction is expected to close around year end . 
John Franco , 47 years old , formerly vice chairman of Capital Holding Corp. and president of its Accumulation Investment Group , was named chief executive officer of this insurance holding company , effective Dec. 1 , succeeding Robert T. Shaw , who remains chairman . 
It announced a 52 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year . 
Chairman 
Stroking his trademark white goatee during a recent interview , the diminutive Swede quips : `` It turned out to be lucky for us . 
He said the Chaos Computer Club , of West Germany , once managed to invade SPAN and do such things as change the value of pi , messing up some calculations . 
Those filings , plus the expected sale of a number of financially healthy chains , such as Saks Fifth Avenue , Marshall Field 's and Bloomingdale 's , have added to the anxiety . 
But because of the uncertainty of the outcome of the suit , Mr. Conner 's team has done little to begin gearing up to defend its title . 
Miyoshi Oil & Fat Co . ( Japan ) -- 120 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due Dec. 31 , 1993 , with a fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
The trade group official added : `` Certainly the federal government should take a hard look at it . '' 
The results met estimates of analysts , who had already slashed their projections after the company said in late August that its 1989 earnings could tumble as much as 37 % . 
Only about 20 % of California home and business owners carried earthquake coverage . 
Most of the 10 analysts polled last week by Dow Jones International News Service in Frankfurt , Tokyo , London and New York expect the U.S. dollar to ease only mildly in November . 
`` The movies , the books , the tabloids -- even Nancy Reagan is boosting this stuff , '' says Paul Kurtz , a philosophy professor at the State University of New York at Buffalo , who heads the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of the Paranormal . 
The bleak trade report was played down by the Bush administration . 
`` In all honesty if you ask me , ` Is this man a true believer ? ' I do n't know , '' says John Fowler , head of the Washington-based Ad Hoc Committee in Defense of Life Inc . 
Sweating under the glare of newly installed television lights , British members of Parliament demanded a halt to the experimental televising of debates . 
I agreed . 
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Falcon closed at $ 20 , unchanged . 
Yesterday 's bond sale was part of a $ 6.7 billion refinancing plan to pay off high-interest debt the TVA owes the Federal Financing Bank , an arm of the Treasury . 
Expenses unrelated to interest rose 5.4 % , to $ 541 million . 
In April , the Long-Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices . 
In addition , specialists on the exchanges agreed to provide backup capital for market-making in Pacific exchange options traded on the exchanges . 
`` The Georgia-Pacific bid may open the door to a new era of consolidation '' in the paper industry , said Mark Devario of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
If the weather allowed farmers to work in their fields over the weekend , many Midwest grain elevators will probably sell futures contracts today at the Chicago Board of Trade in order to hedge their weekend purchases from farmers . 
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million . 
He puts in busy six-day weeks ( excluding game days ) , and on one recent afternoon fielded questions , in the course of an hour , from a TV producer , his luxury-suite marketing manager , a disgruntled customer and a roomful of Arkansas reporters . 
Though tiny , that 's a reduction in its share . 
Many aspects of the bill are salutary , providing appropriate public safeguards that can and should be instituted throughout the industry . 
A partnership with a Williamsburg , Va. , unit of Shell Oil Co. recently patented a process for producing plastic food containers that wo n't melt in microwave ovens . 
Subsequently , however , the ill effects are likely to be offset , at least in economic terms , as construction activity begins . 
The failure to obtain financing does n't by itself constitute a breach . 
`` There certainly has n't been a panic reaction , '' said Steven Norwitz , a vice president at T. Rowe Price Associates . 
Among the insider sales , Charles Raikes , the firm 's general counsel , sold 12,281 shares in August , representing 46 % of his holdings in the company . 
Computer picking is n't perfect , '' says Harvey Golomb , president and founder of Pinpoint . 
If all goes well , it will parachute a probe into the dense Jovian atmosphere in July 1995 to pick up detailed data about gases that may be similar to the material from which the solar system was formed 4.6 billion years ago . 
`` Those devices do n't give sufficient certainty to our bosses in Japan , '' says Yasuo Nakamura , representative of the Industrial Bank of Japan . 
As for Ford , analysts expect the end of the Saab play will allow the U.S. auto maker to focus its resources on the intensifying struggle with GM for a stake in Jaguar . 
On the contrary , office rubdowns usually take place in dimly lighted conference rooms , where stressed-out employees relax in specially designed chairs , fully clothed . 
The yield on the issue slipped to 7.91 % . 
The increase of $ 1.25 a share is being made to settle shareholder litigation relating to SIBV-MS 's tender offer . 
It is the New Journalism come to television . 
The stock received another blow on Friday , when Goldman Sachs analyst Eric Philo advised that investors with short-term horizons should avoid Dun & Bradstreet stock because it is unlikely to outperform the market . 
Thomas E. Meador , 42 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of Balcor Co. , a Skokie , Ill. , subsidiary of this New York investment banking firm . 
Then , two weeks ago -- declaring that `` I 'm not looking for any conflict over this '' -- the president said he would consider a compromise to fund abortions for poor women in cases of rape and incest . 
Hers is a hand that will test the mettle of her audiences . 
A comprehensive development policy for governors over 30 would seem to be a more pressing need . 
Michael wo n't confirm the identities of any Easy Egg customers , nor will it say much of anything else . 
The company attacked the government 's allegations as `` reckless and baseless mudslinging , '' and said its management `` promptly and accurately reported '' to the Pentagon all relevant information about billing practices . 
It is indeed hard to back away from a widely publicized forecast , and Mr. Straszheim is fidgeting with the handcuffs on this trip . 
The union has demanded a 37.6 % increase in the minimum wage while De Beers 's final offer was an increase of 17 % . 
Maybe Americans are just so annoyed with government that they are n't interested in admitting that bureaucrats come in handy once in a while . 
`` It 's very difficult to do , '' says Donald Holt , a market strategist for Wedbush Morgan Securities , a Los Angeles brokerage firm . 
It 's no accident that they 've been able to develop such successful material . '' 
Kean forces play down any differences with Mr. Courter , but this history makes it harder for the conservative to run against government . 
But Lloyd 's is hampered in its efforts to overhaul operations by its reluctance to embrace modern technology . 
Carol Sanger , vice president , corporate communications at Campeau , says that all of the Federated and Allied chains are paying their bills in a timely manner . 
No way . 
It was hard to see how photosynthesis would ever happen in South Gardens without decking the walls in a Christmas-like array of Gro-Lites . 
In the Reagan administration we designed a comprehensive program ; we worked very hard on it . 
`` Five years ago , magazine publishers would simply bid on an advertiser 's big ad schedule for their magazine , '' said Mr. Murphy . 
Insurers may see claims resulting from the San Francisco earthquake totaling nearly $ 1 billion -- far less than the claims they face from Hurricane Hugo -- but the recent spate of catastrophes should jolt property insurance rates in coming months . 
But is he so clever that he has achieved the political equivalent of making water run uphill ? 
Only 4 % of Missouri small businesses surveyed say they 've tested an employee or applicant for drug or alcohol use ... . 
Winnebago Industries slid 5\/8 to 5 1\/4 . 
But such an increase , he says , could be viewed by the market as `` too little too late . '' 
ESB on July 29 accepted the Inco offer and the brief battle -- unlike the intricate and lengthy big takeovers of 1984-1989 -- was over . 
Anheuser noted that `` beer industry sales volume is 1989 is following the trend that has characterized the last half of the '80s , with sales volume being essentially flat '' while consolidation creates fewer , bigger players . 
The Lloyd 's market actively underwrites insurance just 4 1\/2 hours a day , brokers say . 
Already , many of the Big Board 's own floor traders are warning that the ESP baskets are risky and not in the best interests of the investing public . 
The unit said it can provide no assurance a transaction will occur . 
`` Banks want to remain competitive , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote . 
The upgrade reflected the 20 % decline in shares of the bank since the firm lowered its rating in early October , based on the belief the stock had become expensive . 
`` Peter is a major piece of Hollywood manpower who has really earned his success , '' says Robert Bookman , an agent at Creative Artists Agency . 
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half-an-hour of non-flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer . 
Josh makes clumsy passes at Kate when she 's seething with anger and fear , but we know from the outset that he 's not a member of the evil patriarchy . 
This means the returns can vary a great deal . 
Thus , the proteins from the yeast are molecularly more like human proteins than those from bacteria . 
The company said it expects to use the proceeds to repay certain bank debt and for general corporate purposes , including establishing new operating centers and possible acquisitions . 
B.A.T aims to sell such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks Fifth Avenue and float its big paper and British retailing businesses via share issues to existing holders . 
Sometimes repairs are out of the question . 
As it turned out , Carlos Perches Trevino and Ramon Sardina Garcia had hidden the haul in a closet in the Perches family 's home for a year . 
Part of the answer lies in the nature of the industry . 
The offering , Series 1989-89 , backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities , brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 33.2 billion and its total Remic volume to $ 45.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
If Sex Is Involved , All Bets Are Off 
Rescue crews , however , gave up hope that others would be found alive under the collapsed roadway . 
The jury will resolve the claims against McDonnell Douglas , Northwest 's claim that a defect in the aircraft caused the crash , and McDonnell Douglas ' claim that the plane was improperly flown . 
Says Michele Hoffman , a clerk in the resort 's front office : `` We do n't have the outdoor pool , the pool table , ping pong table , snack bar or VCR , but we still have the indoor pool and Jacuzzi . '' 
Comprehensive Care , which terminated its agreement to merge with First Hospital , dropped 7\/8 to 3 7\/8 . 
They 'd determine where parents could store their kids during the day , and they 'd regulate the storage facilities . 
Texaco 's situation had become particularly complex because much of its effort had for years been focused on its brawl with Pennzoil and then on New York investor Carl C. Icahn 's attempt to take over the company . 
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers . 
Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included difficulty obtaining or maintaining public benefits ( 22 % ) , consumer fraud ( 15.4 % ) , and health-care issues ( 15 % ) . 
The order against assassinations is another artifact of the same congressional mind-set , a product of the 1970s Vietnam syndrome against any executive action . 
And he has attached himself to the Lincoln story tenaciously . 
Some U.S. products are filtering into the Soviet market under an emergency import program . 
In a strongly worded response summarizing a filing made in the same court yesterday , GE asserted that `` prosecutors have misstated the testimony of witnesses , distorted documents and ignored important facts . '' 
But after selling off pieces such as its East Coast shuttle , its Philadelphia hub and various planes , Eastern hit a stumbling block . 
Richard Breeden had n't noticed that his new desk had just four telephone lines and one phone . 
Resolution Funding Corp. plans to sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds Wednesday in the agency 's first sale of securities . 
But Mr. Zoeller also acknowledges that consultants can be very effective . 
Instead of being just an ad agency , he said : `` We have redefined our mission here . 
The measure is expected to come before the House today , and Congress is under pressure to complete action before midnight EDT tomorrow , when the current continuing resolution expires . 
Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting 's chairman , was named chairman of Turner Pictures , and Gerry Hogan , president of Turner Entertainment Networks , was named president of the unit . 
He said he believes IBM 's decision to invest this sort of effort into a single industry showed that it was getting serious about understanding customers ' problems and was n't just selling technology . 
Immune Response Corp. -- Three million common shares , via Merrill Lynch . 
Outstanding contracts are those that remain to be liquidated . 
`` On the down side , sales could fall as much as 90 % for some companies ; on the upper side , sales will be flat . '' 
Voyager 2 sent back spectacular photos of Neptune and its moon , Triton , this summer . 
On Monday , traders noted that some investors took profits against the backdrop of the Nikkei 's fast-paced recovery following its plunge last Monday in reaction to the Oct. 13 drop in New York stock prices . 
At that time Sam Whitbread , the company 's chairman and a descendant of its 18th-century founder , will retire from executive duties . 
The individual foreign policy carried out by U.S. legislators adds to a confusing U.S. performance that has emboldened Soviet initiatives in Central America . 
But the production is the equal of any local program . 
At the same time , though , it must become more structured to better manage its growth . 
In addition to aircraft from Boeing Co. , Cathay announced earlier this year an order for as many as 20 Airbus A330-300s . 
The left-of-center Social Democrats and the environmental Greens party posted mixed results . 
People may be particularly vulnerable to flim-flam pitches when they are in the midst of a major upheaval in their lives . 
Because he sees a `` 5 % to 6 % base rate of inflation in the economy , '' he doubts that interest rates will fall much any time soon . 
Sammi Steel Co . ( Korea ) -- $ 50 million of bonds due Nov. 8 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/4 % to 1 3\/4 % coupon at par , via Merrill Lynch International Ltd. and Dong Suh Securities Co . 
Ford faces an uphill fight for Jaguar , however . 
In January 1980 , Jerome Sanford , as assistant U.S. attorney , was summoned to a meeting with a Federal Bureau of Investigation agent assigned to the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms in Miami . 
That 's the conclusion of a recent study of large law firms conducted by Altman & Weil Inc. , an Ardmore , Pa. , law firm consultant . 
He plugged the contest on Larry King 's radio show , on Pat Sajak 's television show and on the C-SPAN cable television network . 
Sales rose to $ 406 million from $ 356 million the year earlier . 
If parents are dissatisfied with a school , they should have the option of switching to another . 
It was priced at a spread of 55 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
From that point on , the U.S. would make a practice of overlooking the Panamanian 's misadventures . 
The third part , consisting of $ 18.5 million of 12 1\/8 % secured equipment certificates due April 15 , 1996 , was priced at 85.60 with a yield to maturity of 15.75 % . 
Equities tumbled at the opening as Tuesday 's gyrations on Wall Street , where the Dow Jones Industrial Average recovered most of an 80-point loss , fueled fears of another stock market crash , brokers said . 
Because the Bush administration is n't taking the initiative on health issues , business executives are dealing with congressional Democrats who champion health-care revision . 
The approval satisfies the remaining conditions of the purchase , which is expected to close within two weeks . 
People had died . 
Assets as of Sept. 30 fell to $ 2.46 billion from about $ 2.77 billion . 
Strong investor demand prompted the utility to boost the size of the issue from $ 3 billion . 
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism . 
When the company last considered adding the equipment two years ago , it estimated the cost at $ 21 million to $ 22 million , but a task force will have to prepare a detailed plan before the company can predict the current cost . 
Municipals ended mixed , while mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose . 
Genentech Inc. said third-quarter profit more than doubled to $ 11.4 million , or 13 cents a share , from a depressed 1988 third-quarter performance of $ 5.3 million , or six cents a share . 
About 40 Italian businesses , including Fiat S.p . A. and Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. , have formed a consortium to lobby for holding the expo in Venice . 
`` People in the stock market were very much Thatcher 's children -- very young and wealthy optimists . 
`` It just makes it a little rough when you have to worry about the budget . '' 
The index has a base of 100 set in 1980 and is n't seasonally adjusted . 
The stake was acquired by a group of 10 Japanese financial institutions and industrial corporations , primarily insurance companies , Honeywell said . 
Two new Remics totaling $ 900 million were announced by Freddie Mac yesterday . 
The fitness craze itself has gone soft , the survey found . 
They are very considerable : Since 1986 , when Spain joined the European Community , its gross domestic product has grown at an annual average of 4.6 % -- the fastest in the EC . 
Surrounded by stacks of paper , two computers and photos of himself boating and flying , Mr. Phillips laid out several changes he hopes to make at the agency . 
McDonald 's Corp. said third-quarter earnings rose 14 % on a hefty sales gain , but domestic franchisees apparently did n't partake of the improvement . 
But the brand had trouble from the start . 
`` Given our forecast for lower rates , purchases made now should prove quite rewarding before year end , '' he said . 
Lisa Raines , a lawyer and director of government relations for the Industrial Biotechnical Association , contends that a judge well-versed in patent law and the concerns of research-based industries would have ruled otherwise . 
He predicted that PWA would have little difficulty attracting prospective buyers . 
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues . 
Moreover , while Asian and Middle Eastern investors hoard gold and help underpin its price , silver does n't have the same mystique , dealers say . 
It levied the smallest number of suspensions of traders and fines of the four largest commodity exchanges studied over the past five years . 
According to officials in Washington , the State Department hoped that by pleasing President Arias , it would gain his support to postpone any decision on the Contras until after Mr. Ortega 's promises of democratic elections were tested next February . 
In London , the Financial Times 100-share index finished 30.1 points higher at 2112.2 . 
According to its most recent annual report , covering the 15 months ended March 31 , Maxwell Communication bought $ 3.85 billion in assets -- including Macmillan Inc. and Official Airlines Guides -- and sold $ 2 billion in non-strategic businesses . 
So it 's entirely possible that `` Look Who 's Talking '' is n't as entertaining as it seems in comparison to the turgid other films opening now . 
At the time , Japan had just opened its doors to the world after about 250 years of isolation and needed a Western-style business center . 
Rep. Mary Rose Oakar ( D. , Ohio ) at last week 's hearings on irregularities in programs at the Department of Housing and Urban Development : 
Alaskan and Coast Guard officials say Exxon 's charges are n't relevant because tests conducted during the first two days following the spill showed that the dispersant was n't working anyway . 
Officials of Rockefeller Group and Mitsubishi Estate prefer to focus on the affinities , nearly dismissing the threat of a backlash from the U.S. public . 
At such moments Mr. Boyd makes it clear that he has the capacity to be a superior interpreter of Shakespeare . 
Jerome Grossman , chairman of the panel , agrees that administrative costs of utilization management programs can be high . 
Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares . 
United Merchants & Manufacturers Inc. said its president , Uzi Ruskin , withdrew his proposal to acquire control of the New York textile and clothing company . 
Combined PC and work-station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. . 
The price level in the U.S. is now about 4 1\/4 times as high as it was 30 years ago . 
The government is funding several projects to push PC use . 
Third-quarter operating profit of the specialty-chemicals group declined slightly to $ 24.3 million from $ 24.9 million . 
The new beer , introduced this week at a liquor industry convention , is imported from Switzerland 's Cardinal brewery . 
`` Big business , '' Mr. Pawlowski snorts in English . 
Despite the risks , the deals can be an attractive way for Japanese banks to increase their presence in the U.S. market , bank analysts say . 
A Modern Healthcare magazine article says 40 % of surveyed executives admitted falling asleep during formal presentations ... . 
State engineers have made a preliminary finding that it was failure of the concrete columns , wrenched and separated from the double-decker roadbed , that was responsible for the collapse . 
A star attraction on the national network is the U.S. 's `` Dynasty . '' ... 
Their indicated market values thus are about $ 43.3 million and $ 28.6 million , respectively . 
But in these crunch times for the ski industry , some resorts , such as the Angel Fire , Red River and Taos ski areas in New Mexico , have even started shuttle-busing skiers to each other 's slopes and next year plan to sell tickets good for all local lifts . 
Henry Sargent Jr. , Pinnacle executive vice president , said the action `` wo n't really have any effect on us . 
The fares are code-named Hugo , Compassion and Virgin Islands Aid . 
The unsecured creditors agreed in principle to support New Haven , Conn.-based United Illuminating 's new bid . 
But after a few pleasantries , the Soviets unexpectedly got serious . 
Revenue rose 34 % to $ 410 million from $ 306.6 million a year earlier . 
The materials , discovered during the past three years , conduct electricity without resistance and promise smaller , faster computers and other new technologies . 
Bailiffs claimed they were required to chauffeur him to and from work , mow his lawn , chop his wood , fix his car and even drop by his house to feed his two grown mutts , Dixie and Husky . 
Outside investors , scarce since '86 , are edging back . 
They expect to have a preliminary estimate of the damages in a day or two . 
`` There are still negotiations taking place on whether there will be a loss of jobs , which has been a critical issue all along , '' he said . 
But Mr. Rosen responds : `` Whatever people want to buy , I 'll sell . 
But we do n't minimize the challenges of the near term . '' 
The vote , in which 11 GOP lawmakers voted against Mr. Bush 's position , was a victory for Democratic leaders , who opposed the amendment as an intrusion on the Bill of Rights . 
The first thing anybody will tell you about ballooning is that it requires zip in the way of athletic prowess , or even a measure of derring-do . 
While it was once expected that futures would mimic stock prices , traders now routinely check the futures markets in Chicago before they buy or sell stocks . 
That year a four-man group headed by William Lieber in the Legislation and Regulations division of the Office of the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service , was assigned the task of designing a plan . 
On Friday , Intel began notifying customers about the bugs which cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations . 
Imports , then six million barrels a day , came primarily from Venezuela and Canada . 
Yesterday , Quebecor Inc. , a Montreal printing , publishing and forest-products company 53%-owned by Mr. Peladeau , agreed to acquire Maxwell Communication Corp. 's U.S. printing subsidiary , Maxwell Graphics Inc. , for $ 500 million in cash and securities . 
I know that I 'm shouting into the breeze here as far as what we 're doing now . 
American Express Co. posted a 21 % increase in third quarter net income despite a sharp rise in reserves for Third World loans at its banking unit . 
`` Solidarity does n't care for the good of this region , '' he says after a few pleasantries . 
Mr. Morrissey , the Kentucky Fried Chicken franchisee , notes that most franchise owners must absorb increases in expenses without any cut in the royalties , or portion of sales , that they must pay franchisers . 
Some $ 170 million of the $ 233 million increase in nonperforming loans was related to real estate , and roughly three-quarters of that was in the troubled New England market , according to Richard Driscoll , vice chairman . 
Investment-grade bonds were unchanged . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Rep. Hamilton said the bill will be modified substantially to call for two meetings each year between the Fed 's open market committee and the Treasury Secretary , the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers and the director of the Office of Management and Budget . 
The going rate for a small personal computer that costs about $ 2,000 in the West is anywhere from 50,000 to 100,000 rubles . 
The construction industry is sure to feel increased demand . 
Yesterday 's yield was the lowest since 7.22 % on July 27 . 
The company has said the paper is n't for sale , and has rebuffed Mr. McMaster 's earlier requests for access to Free Press financial statements . 
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales . 
`` What I 'd like to see , if he is up to it , is for Reagan to take to the hustings to regenerate enthusiasm for SDI , '' the congressman says . 
Co-authors David Savageau and Richard Boyer , live in Gloucester , Mass. , and Asheville , N.C. , respectively . 
`` We have definitely become less cyclical , '' Syb Bergsma , executive vice president-finance , said in an interview . 
As a former White House aide who worked closely with Congress , he is savvy in the ways of Washington . 
The top state environmental official in Massachusetts said Clean Harbors Inc. 's environmental-impact statement for a proposed incinerator in Braintree was inadequate . 
KnowledgeWare Inc. , initial offering of three million shares of its common stock , of which 1,657,736 shares will be sold by the company and 1,342,264 will be sold by holders , via Montgomery Securities and Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
But he gave few details on the progress toward a new bid , saying only , `` We are working toward a revised proposal for majority employee ownership . '' 
Western Digital does n't make the monitors . 
Oklahoma official Robert Fulton lost a chance for a senior job in the Department of Health and Human Services after right-to-life activists opposed him . 
By the end of 1973 , the number of `` underlying '' Big Board stocks had been increased to 50 and the options exchange had run up volume of 1.1 million contracts . 
Margins are the amount of money an investor needs to put up to buy or sell a futures contract . 
The two offerings bring Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 31 billion and its total volume to $ 43.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
Prosecutors wanted $ 23.8 million in forfeiture for alleged tax fraud of some $ 400,000 . 
IBM is reviewing its entire business-partners program , and XL\/Datacomp confirmed earlier this month that it was in talks with the company about possible modifications to its current IBM-remarketer contract . 
He gives pep talks in periodic `` family briefings '' beamed internationally on `` FXTV , '' the company 's own television network . 
In a statement , Arnold B. McKinnon , chairman and chief executive officer , noted that the new repurchase program `` should serve to enhance shareholder value . '' 
Bonds : Excludes bond funds . 
Westmoreland Coal Co. , realizing benefits of a sustained effort to cut costs and boost productivity , reported sharply improved third-quarter results . 
And the Second Law , unique to insurance ? 
`` This is an impressive show of faith in the future of the magazine industry , '' said Mr. Kummerfeld . 
Also slowing growth in the U.S. were lackluster results for P&G 's cooking oils , which had a strong year-earlier first quarter . 
Treasury Securities 
Venezuela has also earmarked $ 200 million in new money for light-crude exploration . 
Jack Kemp and the writers Irving Kristol and George Gilder were influences , and Mr. Courter 's own conservative credentials proved useful to the current New Jersey GOP governor , Thomas Kean , in the 1981 Republican primary here . 
Dealers bought the used stamps cheaply from charities , including the Guide Dogs for the Blind Association . 
The Republicans maintain that a 30 % capital-gains exclusion will raise revenue in the short term and spur economic investment , while the Democrats maintain that an increase in the top income-tax rate and expanded IRAs will raise revenue and spur savings . 
But advertising revenue is inadequate . 
In federal court in Manhattan , three defendants pleaded guilty to charges of fraud in connection with the sale of fake Salvador Dali lithographs . 
Mr. Hutchinson predicted that the unit 's contribution to company results in the 1990s `` will be exciting . '' 
The Iran-Contra judge agreed to allow Poindexter to subpoena the personal papers of ex-President Reagan , ruling that there was sufficient evidence that the data would be important to the defense . 
An emerging understanding of the genes is expected to produce an array of new strategies for future cancer treatment and prevention . 
Since the government has a dismal record of collecting bad debts , the costs to the borrower of defaulting are usually low . 
Among stock funds , the conservative growth-and-income portfolios probably will remain popular , fund specialists say . 
Crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan . 
Asked whether there is anything Congress should do to curb the LBO boom , Mr. Brady responded , `` I think the LBO phenomenon , ( while ) it wo n't stop completely , will be a thing of the past . '' 
City crews tallied the wreckage to buildings , but lacked a clear sense of how gravely transportation arteries were disabled . 
In particular , advisers say , investors may want to look at securities that reduce the risk that CD holders are confronting right now , of having to reinvest the proceeds of maturing short-term certificates at lower rates . 
The distributor is R.R. Bowker , New York . 
The government has other agencies and instruments for pursuing these other objectives . 
Galileo 's photos of Europa will be more than 1,000 times as sharp as Voyager 's , according to Torrence Johnson , Galileo 's project scientist , and may show whether it actually has the only known ocean other than those on Earth . 
It never hurt anyone , that is , unless the growth funds do n't grow when you need them to . 
Mr. Strieber knows a lot about aliens . 
In the first nine months , profit was $ 113 million , or $ 3.04 a share , on sales of $ 3.19 billion , compared with $ 204.5 million , or $ 5.76 a share , on sales of $ 3.03 billion , a year earlier . 
Southwestern Bell Corp. and Cincinnati Bell posted slight declines . 
The forecasts were widely disseminated , and , in a splashy ad campaign launched in the summer of 1988 , Merrill Lynch urged investors to buy bonds . 
In the 1988 third quarter , the company posted a net loss of $ 876,706 , or 22 cents a share , on revenue of about $ 5.1 million . 
`` That must start with cutting the federal budget deficit . '' 
It was all over the place . 
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem . 
The Bush administration is seeking an understanding with Congress to ease restrictions on U.S. involvement in foreign coups that might result in the death of a country 's leader . 
Dr. Vogelstein and a doctoral student , Eric Fearon , began months of tedious and often frustrating probing of the chromosomes searching for signs of genetic damage . 
Michael shares closed at 13 3\/4 yesterday in national over-the-counter trading . 
State-owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties . 
Tokyu Development Corp. is spending $ 500 million to build American-style luxury homes in suburban Tokyo with rarely seen back yards , front yards , swimming pools and tennis courts . 
The Treasury said Taiwan has liberalized its exchange rate system in the past year . 
Drexel says it does n't expect any of its state brokerage licenses will be revoked , and even if some are , its securities business would n't be directly hurt . 
Treasury bonds ended slightly higher in light trading . 
Some dealers note that while the third-quarter figures may appear relatively bullish -- the market consensus calls for a 2.5 % annual growth rate , unchanged from the second-quarter rate -- it would take a significantly stronger figure to alter market perceptions that the economy is softening . 
But as of August , only 50 % actually had stock-market investments of that size . 
SELL ` WHISPER ' STOCKS . 
Seattle 's license fees for adult peep shows vary from those for other coin-operated amusements without serving a substantial government interest and are unconstitutional , the ninth-circuit appeals court holds for Acorn Investments Inc . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : 
By midnight Oct. 6 , all of the paintings were supposed to have been sold off , under orders from Florida 's comptroller , whose office regulates the state 's S&Ls . 
Together , they control nearly 40 % of Turner Broadcasting Systems Inc. ; Tele-Communications has a 21.8 % stake , while Time Warner has a 17.8 % stake . 
But while index options are convenient , they have several disadvantages . 
Harvard 's Laurence Tribe was the constitutional heavy , laying out legal strategies for the senators and witnesses to follow . 
These and other expensive changes in products ranging from auto air conditioners to foam cushioning to commercial solvents are in prospect because of something called the Montreal Protocol , signed by 24 nations in 1987 . 
Nobody has any credible estimate . 
Brokerage houses jumped in , touting `` post-quake demand '' stocks , and Kidder , Peabody & Co. set up a toll-free hot line for San Franciscans who might need emergency investment advice and help in transferring funds . 
Mr. Green could n't be reached . 
That 's a fundamental lesson for investors , but its truth was demonstrated once again in the performance of mutual funds during and after the stock market 's Friday-the-13th plunge . 
Together with two existing plants in the U.S. , Furukawa said it will expand its current local monthly production of memory disks to 1.4 million sheets from 800,000 . 
But he says that 's no more a reason for banning Egg Kings than bad drivers are a reason for banning cars . 
There may be forces that would delay this scenario . 
`` Today of all days , '' she lamented . 
Giant Group said a federal court in Delaware has denied a motion by Rally 's Inc. seeking to block a group led by Giant Chairman Burt Sugarman from acquiring more of the company 's shares . 
For any given move in the overall market , it suggests how steeply that particular issue might rise or fall . 
`` There seems to be a lot of art for sale , but there 's more competition . 
I think we owe it to the American people to establish credibility regarding UFOs and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on the subject . '' 
Nor was there a shortage of customers in the area , the residential Inwood section of northern Manhattan . 
Mr. Roman said American Express 's Mr. Robinson first approached him about the job in late September . 
The appeals court disagreed on both counts . 
`` We have no further developments to report , '' he said . 
Unisys , whose revenue inched up 3.7 % in the quarter to $ 2.35 billion from $ 2.27 billion in the year-earlier quarter , had an operating loss of about $ 30 million . 
Southeast Asian crude imports , however , were 3.6 % higher than August . 
Mr. Crary said testimony by Kodak 's patent counsel , Francis T. Carr of Kenyon & Kenyon , showed that `` he worked with Kodak continuously from the outset of the project '' in an effort to avoid infringement . 
Thus , even investors who are pushing for the board to do a recapitalization that would pay shareholders a special dividend and possibly grant employees an ownership stake acknowledge that the unions are key . 
Ship companies carrying bulk commodities , such as oil , grain , coal and iron ore , have been able to increase their rates in the last couple of years . 
Peter Pae in Pittsburgh contributed to this article . 
Though it is far from certain that companies best known for selling Promise margarine and Tide detergent will succeed in cosmetics , there 's little doubt they will shake up the industry . 
However , insurance brokers and executives say that the combination of the Bay area earthquake , Hugo and last week 's explosion at the Phillips Petroleum Co. 's refinery in Pasadena , Texas , will cause property insurance and reinsurance rates to jump . 
But it is puzzling to some Hollywood executives that Sony rushed to hire them without clearing up the Warner situation first . 
The country 's Supreme Court dismissed the suit , but Mr. Garcia late last month filed for a reconsideration . 
The two major structures that failed Tuesday night , he said , were both built well before the 1971 earthquake -- the San Francisco Bay Bridge , completed in the 1930s , and the section of I-880 , built in the 1950s . 
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle-aged men attempting a young man 's sport . 
But Nevada state labor economists think a shortage is probable . 
Despite the widening gap between the two sides , conferees eventually followed the pattern set in previous years by opting to roughly split the difference . 
Time executives complained about the shoddy editorial quality , and in the end , one Time executive who asked not to be identified said , `` Frankly , McCall 's and the joint venture were an embarrassment . '' 
Information systems posted a loss of $ 8 million , compared with a loss of $ 9 million a year earlier . 
Anticipating this settlement , the company recorded a pretax charge of $ 24 million during the fourth quarter of 1988 . 
The 231-191 roll call illustrates the limits of power a resurgent abortion-rights movement still faces . 
By contrast , Value Line said Georgia-Pacific `` is in a comparatively good position to deal with weakening paper markets , '' because its production is concentrated not in the Northwest but in the South , where it should be able to avoid some of the cost pressures from rising wood-chip prices . 
Its mortality rate for males over 35 is about 50 % higher than West Germany 's , and 50 % higher in hazard areas than the national average . 
Mr. Dillow said the data show the economy `` is still quite strong , '' but suggestions that much of the spending went on services rather than consumer goods should reduce fears of more import rises . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.43 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note held at 1.42 percentage points . 
Within discretionary funds for community development grants , more than $ 3.7 million is allocated to six projects in Michigan , home state of a subcommittee chairman , Rep. Bob Traxler . 
LDI leases and sells data-processing , telecommunications and other high-tech equipment . 
Asked to comment , a spokesman for Mr. Scott said : `` Mr. Scott has spoken to his attorney , who has advised him not to talk to anybody . '' 
Each is more problematic than an unexpected divisional baseball championship , but both help explain why Chicago remains a vital center of this country 's regional theater movement . 
It 's 1956 , the year the Suez crisis marked the final end of Empire . 
Animated shows , which are made by outside production companies , cost the network about $ 300,000 per episode . 
$ 2,057,750,000 . 
Earthquake-related claims are n't expected to cause significant financial problems for the insurance industry as a whole . 
This somewhat-ambiguous assessment moves one Alliance portfolio manager to ask : `` So , what is this -- a Stealth recession ? '' 
The agency is working on licensing importers but does n't currently monitor imports . 
Echoing the response of almost all big corporations in the Bay Area , Don Waite , Seagate 's chief financial officer , said , `` I would n't expect this to have any significant financial impact . '' 
The approach worked well in the recent antitrust case in which Energy Transportation Systems Inc. sued Santa Fe Pacific Corp. over the transport of semi-liquefied coal -- the kind of case likely to make almost anyone 's eyes glaze over . 
Debt-free and profitable , the Boulder , Colo. , computer-products concern could borrow funds if it decides against an IPO now , he says . 
Said 's story reflects the souring of socialism under Nasser , whose dictatorial rule replaced the monarchy overthrown in 1952 . 
SciMed said it `` remains committed '' both to the `` vigorous defense '' of its position that the catheter does n't infringe the Lilly unit 's patent , and to the pursuit of its own counterclaims , which allege Lilly engaged in antitrust violations and other wrongful acts . 
Business : Tax Preparation 
Net income rose to $ 699 million , or 65 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 587 million , or 55 cents a share . 
This will give Paribas and Lonrho joint control of Societe Commerciale . 
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up . 
The $ 14 billion of reserves China had in June would cover just that much . 
Any hotel-casino without a strong identity will get whacked by the new competition , says Glenn Schaeffer , senior vice president of Circus Circus . 
`` I think it 's fairly clear { Mr. Keating } knew , '' that regulators were set to seize Lincoln , Mr. Seidman said . 
Daiwa is one of the world 's largest securities firms . 
Mr. Kennedy failed to get his amendment incorporated into last year 's anti-drug legislation , and it will be severely attacked on the Senate floor this time around . 
# 200 million of undated variable-rate notes priced at par via Merill Lynch International Ltd . 
Large furriers such as Antonovich Inc. , Fur Vault Inc. and Evans Inc. all reported losses in their latest fiscal years . 
Right now he takes people out to fish in the bays behind the barrier islands that curve for hundreds of miles along the eastern coast of Texas , enclosing milky green lagoons behind ridges of sand and grassy scrub that rim the deep blue of the Gulf beyond . 
Ford has acquired more than 13 % of Jaguar 's shares , and GM has received U.S. regulatory clearance to buy 15 % . 
Indeed , when the Bush administration finally decided this summer to renew import restrictions -- arguably the most important decision to affect the steel industry in five years -- Mr. Corry and his directors were aboard helicopters , high above Marathon 's rich oil reserves in the North Sea . 
However , he added , `` it 's not a requirement that the plan be accepted by creditors . 
For the nine months , Georgia-Pacific 's earnings increased 49 % to $ 504 million , or $ 5.58 a share , from $ 338 million , or $ 3.41 a share . 
The company 's third-quarter earnings were below both analysts ' forecasts and the year-earlier level . 
Another former EPA official , Rita Lavelle , is still struggling after her conviction in 1983 on perjury charges . 
But some of the activity , he says , may reflect a rush to get `` numbers in order '' for end-of-year reports . 
If there is n't a recession , he said , `` we will be out of copper by the end of March . 
Charles Schellke , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , said some investors apparently expected slightly better revenue growth . 
Yearly changes in federal benefit laws force small businesses to repeatedly re-evaluate and redesign existing plans . 
Managers who retire Dec. 30 will have an additional 15 % added to their monthly pension for as long as five years or age 65 , whichever comes earlier . 
The world being the nasty place it is , we want Presidents to have the freedom to order operations in which someone might get killed . 
Other companies figure they ca n't avoid the market . 
Other , as yet unnamed , cities will follow . 
Sterling was unchanged at $ 1.5753 . 
If you can do that and at the same time send a message that supports your business , that 's brilliant . '' 
But two-thirds of all poor Americans were white . 
The same Bobby Thomson , it turns out , who sells those paper-goods today . 
Ekco 's housewares operation makes kitchen tools and gadgets , as well as bakeware , at factories in the U.S. and Canada . 
The American Bowling Congress claims a higher percentage of the public bowls regularly , but concedes its membership has declined this decade . 
The issue is being sold through Freddie Mac 's 17-member securities selling group . 
Bankers Trust New York Corp. won permission from the Federal Reserve Board to move the company 's private placement department to its fledgling securities subsidiary . 
Such a piece of DNA would probably constitute a gene . 
`` The prognosis is only fair , '' says Kathie Roberts , administrative director of the Texas Right to Life Committee . 
Neither the Amoco agreement nor the wells existed , the suit alleged . 
`` Bond investors have been watching stocks closely , '' said Joel Marver , chief fixed-income analyst at Technical Data Global Markets Group . 
`` Investor interest switches back and forth ceaselessly as they are unable to shift their weight to one side for sure , '' Mr. Mitsuoka of Daiwa Investment Trust said . 
But analysts noted that excluding transportation - where what they believe was a temporary surge in auto demand pushed up the figures - order backlogs have declined for three months in a row . 
The 282 members had paid $ 10,000 apiece for seats . 
As mandated by law , the tax rate will rise to 7.65 % in 1990 from 7.51 % and wo n't rise any further in the future . 
It will develop , produce and market high-performance electronic parts . 
Evidence now is emerging that the p53 suppressor gene is involved in other cancers , too . 
Concerns about the stock market , doubts about the economy in general and rising competition from catalog companies also haunt store operators . 
Men would crawl in the sand looking for shiny stones . 
The average seven-day compound yield , which assumes that dividends are reinvested and that current rates continue for a year , fell to 8.47 % , its lowest since late last year , from 8.55 % the week before , according to Donoghue 's . 
Mr. Gorbachev has for months been publicly urging the U.S. to drop its restrictions on Soviet trade . 
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber . 
`` It was dead , listless , depressing and negative , '' said one trader at a U.S. bank in Frankfurt . 
Mr. Finkelstein flew to San Francisco the day after the earthquake , and found that 10 to 12 of his company 's stores had sustained some damage , including the breakage of most windows at the I. Magnin store on Union Square . 
Teleflora will run TV ads at Valentine 's Day promoting its `` Snoopy 's Love Bouquet . '' 
Another inflationary sign came in a surge in building-society lending to a record # 10.2 billion ( $ 16.22 billion ) last month , a much higher level than economists had predicted . 
The pilots ' Mr. Dubinsky says his union would like majority ownership for employees . 
Ralph T. Linsley , vice chairman of Eagle , will become vice chairman of Webster\/Eagle . 
Now , clients know that new associates have had some practical training before working on their cases , says James J. Hanks , a partner at the firm . 
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million . 
Ratings , he notes , `` are subject to change . '' 
Thus , farmer Johan Fischer , his T-shirt and jeans covered in grease , crawls around under his planter , tightening bolts and fixing dents . 
Sales increased 36 % to $ 683 million from $ 502 million . 
Mr. McDonough is about to tackle his biggest clean-air challenge yet , the proposed Warsaw Trade Center in Poland , the first such center in Eastern Europe . 
The process will take as many as six months to complete , the company said . 
Had he been a little less gung-ho , `` I 'd have gotten the thing on the ground and headed for the nearest bar , '' Mr. Brown says . 
If nothing else , such initiatives as these will provide an awareness to citizens and lawmakers and encourage appropriate corrective action . 
In New York , Harris Amhowitz , general counsel of Coopers , said Coopers `` was aware of the litigation , '' but he declined further comment . 
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country . 
And 45 companies paid effective tax rates of below 10 % of their income . 
For the most part , major corporations ' headquarters and plants were unaffected or only slightly damaged by Tuesday 's earthquake , which registered 6.9 on the Richter scale . 
`` It was chaotic . 
He said it also agreed to sell a portion of its European real estate unit for $ 37 million . 
But that development also had little effect on traders ' sentiment . 
Figuring that their money would more likely go toward a bottle of Night Train Express , most people have little trouble saying no to propositions like this . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
The two-thirds who have n't tried to make their portfolios more recession-resistant were split about evenly between investors who `` do n't believe in trying to predict the markets '' ( about 31 % ) and investors who `` do n't expect a recession '' ( about 15 % ) or are `` unsure if and when a recession might come '' ( about 22 % ) . 
And some investors at Fidelity and elsewhere even began buying stock funds during the day . 
`` For the past two years , the foreign trade sector has been a major contributor to economic growth . 
Now it is their fellow Turks arriving as refugees from Bulgaria . 
Here are details of yesterday 's three-month and six-month bill auction : 
Most forecasters , including those in the Congressional Budget Office , assume inflation will be in excess of 4 % in each of those five years . 
Beacon Hill is for `` move-up '' town houses , and Nob Hill , for single-family houses . 
But the new guidelines could prevent scientists like Prof. Schimmel from being involved with start-ups such as Amira , venture capitalists point out . 
Rights on such a basis , whether for blacks or homosexuals , are `` mere indulgences , '' he said , subject to being taken back . 
Those obsolete operations cost less than $ 2 billion a year , and keep Mac 's ghost quiet . 
British government bonds ended little changed as investors awaited an economic policy address last night by Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson . 
It reflects values of a generation that wants more time for families and personal interests , says John H. Moxley III , who directs physician-executive searches for Korn\/Ferry International . 
Mr. Greenberg himself was paid $ 4.5 million , before an estimated $ 1.5 million in dividends , up from $ 2.4 million the year before . 
Because finance and services contribute 10 % to final business product , missing these productivity improvements depresses the overall growth rate by 0.15 % a year . 
And why should holders expect to realize that presumed `` worth ? '' 
The company denied the rumors and noted that it does n't own the building . 
COFFEE : 
The best baseball teams win six of 10 games and the worst win four of 10 . 
One way out of that dilemma could be a partial recapitalization in which the pilots would wind up sharing the value of their concessions with public shareholders . 
When a small company goes belly-up , for instance , the gossipy weekly magazines are often quick to link the demise with Aichi . 
Imprisoned by the Nazis during World War II for his political beliefs , Mr. Honecker typified the postwar generation of committed Communist leaders in Eastern Europe who took their cues from Moscow . 
Time to relax and enjoy ourselves is always taken up by something to do with football ( meetings , lifting weights , conditioning or films ) . 
Scott Greene , chief foreign exchange dealer with Julius Baer & Co. in New York , fits the description of a `` great dollar bear . '' 
Federal Reserve critics used to complain of `` stop and go '' monetary policies . 
Salaam . 
The project has been in and out of the pipeline for more than a decade . 
The strikers voted to accept a series of management proposals that will give them a higher basic wage , better profit-sharing benefits and bigger annual bonuses . 
Really -- one has to ask oneself -- what dignity is there in that ? '' 
Mr. Jobs said the changes were prompted by requests from customers who are frustrated with the performance of the optical device , which is n't offered as standard equipment by any rivals . 
Also participating in the study , Enron said , is the National Power division of Britain 's Central Electricity Generating Board . 
The damage was so bad at Fossett Corp. , an options trading firm here , that it was forced to transfer its accounts to First Options of Chicago , a unit of Continental Bank Corp. , as a result of options trading losses . 
In that context , Robert Loggia 's riveting performance as the unlovable -- even crotchety -- veteran agent seems a better franchise for a series than most . 
At the moment , Nomura is the only Japanese institution authorized to act as a primary seller of Fannie Mae instruments . 
Capcom Futures , while neither admitting nor denying the Merc charges , said in a statement that the Merc charges were `` technical in nature '' and that `` no customers were hurt '' as a result of the violations cited by the Merc . 
The subject of the movie `` Lean on Me , '' Mr. Clark controlled his school with a bullhorn and a baseball bat . 
They mimic the brain by `` looking '' at an image , extracting the fundamentals -- boundaries , corners and lines -- and translating them into computer data . 
HE RODE HIS HOBBY , but he could n't milk it , the Tax Court says . 
Securities analysts , however , remained downbeat . 
Metro Bank 
Among other things , the Agriculture Department is widely thought to be mulling whether to subsidize the sale of soybean oil to the Soviet Union . 
`` I do n't think it will lead to any chaos in the secondary market , '' says Mr. Patel , `` only a sagging tendency . '' 
When the loan agreement was announced , it was hailed as one of the first Western-style financing transactions ever used in China . 
PRECIOUS METALS : 
For an investor in the 28 % federal tax bracket , 7.9 % tax-free is the same as 10.38 % on a taxable investment . 
Municipal 
The board is n't proposing a slate of its own and the other four current directors do n't want to serve beyond the special meeting date , Newport said . 
It also ordered P&G to produce more studies to buttress its claims that Metamucil can lower cholesterol . 
In `` Wonderful Life : The Burgess Shale and the Nature of History '' ( Norton , 326 pages , $ 19.95 ) , Mr. Gould makes his case for `` the awesome improbability of human evolution . '' 
Sun Co. also reported higher earnings . 
On U.S.-Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed-up relationship going back into history ... . 
`` We 've been listed as a candidate for so long it 's not worth worrying about , '' said Mr. Price . 
One party could stand for consumer interests , small government , free trade and globalism to put Japan clearly among the most developed and open countries . 
The derivative suit is similar to a class-action complaint filed earlier this year . 
Civil suits against planners by clients seeking recovery of funds are increasingly common . 
Factoring involves the purchase and collection of another company 's receivables . 
Weyerhaeuser Co. said it sold its wall-paneling business to an affiliate of one of Indonesia 's largest wood-products firms . 
Ajinomoto Co. , a Tokyo-based food-processing concern , said net income in its first half rose 8.9 % to 8.2 billion yen ( $ 57.7 million ) from 7.54 billion yen a year earlier . 
But Dr. Fraumeni , one of the authors of the report , said `` the declining rates we 're seeing for younger people we believe may be a harbinger of declining mortality in the future . '' 
Now , at least some predictability has returned , for everyone from economists to motorists . 
That makes them a reasonable option for investors who will accept some risk of price fluctuation in order to make a bet that interest rates will decline over the next year or so . 
Further staff cuts are likely , the spokesman indicated . 
And `` Summerfolk , '' penned in 1904 as a kind of sequel to Chekhov 's `` Cherry Orchard , '' is a lawn party of Russian yuppies engaged in an exhausting ideological fight to the finish between the allrightniks and the reformers . 
About 70,000 people attended the anti-government rally , at which leaders of the banned African National Congress refused to renounce violence to end apartheid . 
Recently , Japan has been buying copper elsewhere . 
Lead underwriter to the issue is Toronto Dominion Securities Inc . 
But the current Soviet purchasing spree may be a one-time affair . 
`` But , at least , back then they did n't generally direct their anger at each other . '' 
A few years ago , parents usually had to hire a sitter or take turns skiing while one spouse stayed with the children . 
And until last Friday , it seemed those efforts were starting to pay off . 
Murata expects sales at the unit of about 1.5 billion yen in the first year . 
The change in charter does n't alter the federal insurance of deposits , federal regulatory powers or company operations , a spokesman said . 
Instead , they were pressured by Pakistan 's ISI , the channel for their support , into attacking Jalalabad . 
Although two Baby Bells showed strong growth in access lines , usage and unregulated business revenue , one reported a modest gain in third-quarter net while the other posted a small drop . 
In addition , Mrs. Lidgerwood said , Norfolk is likely to draw down its cash initially to finance the purchases and thus forfeit some interest income . 
Gary S. Goldstein , president of the Whitney Group , an executive search firm , said : `` I 'd like to see ( Kidder ) succeed . 
One of the major selling points used by Los Angeles financier Alfred Checchi in getting the takeover approved was that the deal did n't include any junk bonds . 
Manville itself does n't rule out a restructuring . 
But while traffic was heavy early in the commute over the Golden Gate , by 8 a.m. it already had thinned out . 
Stocks : 
Tell us what measure , short of house arrest , will get this Congress under control . 
They shredded it simply because it contained financial information about their creditors and depositors . '' 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
We just want to have our own cup of tea . '' 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
9:53 a.m . 
The sterilizing gene is expressed just before the pollen is about to develop and it deactivates the anthers of every flower in the plant . 
Starting tomorrow , I 'm stalking you . 
He also says CompuServe 's earnings continue to grow `` 20 % to 30 % a year '' in spite of tough competition from giants like Sears and IBM . 
Sitting beside a banker at a luncheon in London , where he was working as a financial consultant , he learned that a large packet of Bally 's shares was up for sale . 
Index arbitrage recently has accounted for about half of all program trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
He told reporters in Wellington Tuesday that the government had n't guaranteed the loans to DFC New Zealand Ltd. , an investment bank 80%-owned by the National Provident Fund , and would n't bail it out . 
The proposed purchase requires approval from Investment Canada , which monitors large foreign investments in Canada . 
Mr. Boies , the first lawyer to use Mr. Vinson 's services , cautions against courts ' allowing extensive jury questioning ( known as voir dire ) or giving out personal information about the jurors . 
In fact , Kidder is a minor player in just about every business it does except computer-driven program trading ; in that controversial business , only Morgan Stanley & Co. rivals Kidder . 
Here a fund may promise to pay back , say , $ 95 of every $ 100 invested for a year , even if the market goes much lower . 
In a country where a bribe is needed to get a phone , a job , and even into a school , the name Bofors has become a potent rallying cry against the government . 
If the media decide to work harder at educating the public about these complex and technical issues , that hardly can be termed non-objective journalism . 
He had been associate professor in the department of finance at Seton Hall University . 
Of course , the relative calm could be jolted if the market plunges again . 
American Petrofina Inc. , a Dallas-based integrated oil company , yesterday said its third-quarter earnings declined by more than half . 
The company attributed the improvement to strong demand in the semiconductor equipment segment as well as the acquisition of Echelon Service Co. and the inclusion of a full year 's results of operations for RTS Inc. , compared with seven months ' results for the prior year . 
A large plant in Covington , Ga. , is to come on line next year . 
The IRS also said that it would create the position of chief financial officer , who will be hired from within the agency . 
A large part of the long-term appreciation of assets reflects inflation , and the taxation of inflation-created capital gains is confiscation . 
When it threatened to use this provision as the test for a line-item veto , Congress caved . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
An additional 56 % of this year 's respondents expect the economy to slow down during the next 12 months . 
Until recently , much of the necessary technology has been unavailable or at least unaffordable . 
Such a focus is `` more profitable , more efficient and gives us a greater sense of control , '' said William A. Shane , Mercury 's senior executive vice president . 
The answer will be obvious . 
The shipyard 's 6.5 billion Finnish markka ( $ 1.54 billion ) backlog includes about 20 ships ordered by big international shippers , including three for Carnival Cruise Lines Inc . 
Source : Morgan Stanley Capital Intl . 
The Senate convicted federal Judge Alcee Hastings of Miami of eight impeachment articles , removing him from the bench . 
Bonds issued by Kroger , Duracell , Safeway and American Standard also showed big gains , recovering almost all their losses from Friday and early yesterday . 
The result : Kidder will focus on rich individual investors and small companies , much closer to the clientele of Goldman , Sachs & Co. than a serve-the-world firm like Merrill Lynch or Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
`` It 's probably a reasonable transition . 
( The condom balloon was denied official entry status this year . ) 
Analysts and corporate officials said they expected practically no long-term disruption in shipments from the Valley of either hardware or software goods . 
He had been summoned to the Central Committee of the Soviet Communist Party , after he finished his lunch at the Savoy Hotel , an unlikely prelude to a bureaucratic brow-beating : Eight-foot-tall Rubenesquely naked ladies float on their canvases toward a ceiling teeming with cherubs , all surrounded by gilt laid on with a pastry chef 's trowel and supported by marble corinthian columns whose capitals are fluting fountains of gold . 
Nonperforming loans will make up only about 0.5 % of the combined banks ' total loans outstanding , he said . 
But it was opposed by some environmentalists as a threat to Irian Jaya 's forests and a potential source of social unrest for the primitive tribes who inhabit them . 
Average daily trading volume : 145,954 shares 
Liability in the bridge and road collapses will revolve around whether government took `` reasonable care '' to build and maintain the structures , says John Messina , a Tacoma , Wash. , personal-injury attorney who specializes in highway design and maintenance cases . 
Under this legislation , a woman must be informed 24 hours before the operation of the details of the procedure and its risks . 
According to Salomon Brothers ' `` stub '' stock index of 20 companies whose debt is giant compared with shareholder equity , investors are already beginning to retreat from shares of debt-laden companies . 
If a more absorbent Pampers hits the market , you can be sure a new and improved Huggies wo n't be far behind . 
Machinists already have rejected a package that would have provided a 10 % pay raise plus bonuses over the three-year life of the contract . 
For the Politburo replaced Mr. Honecker , who had led East Germany for 18 years and before that headed its security apparatus , with a man cut of the same cloth : Egon Krenz , the most recent internal-security chief and a longtime Honecker protege . 
Alarmed , state and federal authorities are trying to devise ways to certify and regulate planners . 
`` As I was driving home , I did not feel very good about myself . '' 
Furthermore , his actions imply that it is too damaging or costly for society to provide jobs through power-plant construction , coal mining or to build roads for public safety because of the adverse impact on the environment , but it is just fine and dandy for him to transform a mountain high in the Wasatch Range into a ski resort . 
Moreover , new lubricants will be needed to protect compressors from the new formulations , which , as with CFCs , are solvents . 
`` My staff indicated that had we made such findings in one of our own institutions , we would have sought an immediate cease-and-desist order to stop the hazardous operations , '' Mr. Seidman said . 
TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. said it plans to shift its headquarters to Calgary , Alberta , from Toronto next year to cut costs and be closer to the upstream natural-gas industry . 
Even though such facilities use a relatively small amount of crude , analysts say , now the facility wo n't need any , at a time of already high availability . 
And by then , expensive automobile sound systems were keeping the gridlocked parking lot by the bay informed about the fire causing the big black plume of smoke we saw on the northern horizon . 
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring . 
As for GM , its `` fallback position has to be a full bid itself , '' said Stephen Reitman , European auto-industry analyst at London brokers UBS-Phillips & Drew . 
Miss DeLay requested that he come to her studio with a tape of the recital . 
Because we all were busy riding a wave . 
In a statement , US Facilities said Mr. Percival 's employment contract calls for him to act as a consultant to the company for two years . 
And they wo n't consider such a dividend , the trust added , before results are available for the first quarter of 1990 . 
The government , campaigning against fixed brokerage commissions , promptly sued the CBOE over its minimum-fee system . 
Coastal , a Houston oil and gas company , said it expects to begin operations in October 1990 . 
So far , the thieves have stolen 3,632 blank tickets , according to Airline Reporting Corp. , a ticket processing center . 
Presidents Kennedy and Johnson were both big users of the impoundment power , but Congress saw its chance against a weakened President Nixon and stripped it away . 
Sales of North American-built cars and trucks plunged 20.5 % in mid-October from a year earlier , as domestic manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier this year . 
For the year , it had a net loss of $ 62 million , or $ 15.97 a share , on revenue of $ 44.3 million . 
An arbitrator awarded Eastern Airlines pilots between $ 60 million and $ 100 million in back pay , a decision that could complicate the carrier 's bankruptcy-law reorganization . 
In Moscow , the Soviet State Bank announced a 90 % devaluation of the ruble against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb a black market for hard currency . 
A supremely cautious man , the Fed chairman is forever blinking yellow . 
A shortage of young cattle has made them more expensive for feedlot operators to buy . 
The government has charged that Mr. Lorin and Mr. Laff were part of a conspiracy to maintain the prices of certain stocks at artificially high prices . 
Gate receipts are only the Cowboys ' second largest source of cash . 
The bank holding company will auction another $ 50 million in each maturity next Tuesday . 
The axiom appears to be that the more valuable the asset , the harder the privatization process . 
Assets of the 400 taxable funds tracked by IBC\/Donoghue 's Money Fund Report jumped to $ 351.2 billion in the week ended Tuesday , the Holliston , Mass.-based newsletter said . 
The foreign-exchange and government securities markets are vastly larger . 
`` But that 's just the time when you should be buying them . '' 
The subsidiary is n't expected to be profitable for at least one year . 
Such loans often are used to finance leveraged buy-outs , and the agency is worried that a sharp market drop could create capital problems for the firms . 
Bankers Trust added $ 1.6 billion to reserves for Third World loans , the latest big bank to take such a step . 
Allianz holds a 50 % stake in Navigation Mixte 's insurance interests , acquired three weeks ago . 
Manufacturers Hanover said that excluding the addition to its reserves , certain tax benefits , and a one-time $ 16 million gain on the sale of an interest in a foreign leasing company , third-quarter earnings were $ 75 million . 
`` I do n't think most of the people that have been around me would ever say they 've seen me pound the table or get angry . '' 
The apparel holding company had sales in the quarter ended Aug. 27 of $ 1 billion , up 12 % from $ 908.8 million a year ago . 
Analysts have predicted strong pent-up demand for the new line among Digital 's customers . 
MiniScribe said the disk drives have more memory capacity than other disks that size . 
The couple 's first dog , Homer , was named after the Great Event , though unwitting friends assumed he was the namesake of the poet . 
The obvious reason was ( for British Air ) to buy a stake in United Airlines . '' 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.09 % two months ; 8.06 % three months ; 8 % six months ; 7.94 % one year . 
Mr. Jones , whose twangy voice and folksy ways belie an intense businessman who works 16-hour days , is resigned to the hefty salaries he pays his players these days . 
American General Finance Corp. -- $ 150 million of 8.45 % notes due Oct. 15 , 2009 , through Bear , Stearns & Co. , being offered at a price of 99.661 to yield 8.50 % . 
But some fear imposing a temporary gasoline tax increase in the meantime could undercut support among voters for the measure . 
Although this widow earns only twice the minimum wage , largely due to the earnings limit , she would have to earn an additional $ 4,930 to offset her catastrophic surtax of $ 496 . 
KnowledgeWare Inc. , an Atlanta computer-software concern , says it is still planning to go ahead with its IPO this week or next -- unless conditions change . 
Disgusted , I cast around for a different way to plan my asset distribution , and with hardly any heavy breathing the answer struck me : I was doing it already ! 
Mr. Lee says Mr. Deng told him : `` We should not mind those who participated in demonstrations , signed anti-government materials and went on hunger strikes . '' 
Pressure has been building on the Big Board in the past two weeks to do something about market volatility , which many investors say is caused by program trading . 
As we know , voters tend to favor Republicans more in races for president than in those for Congress . 
The 48-year-old Mr. Corr was hired largely because he was credited with returning Trans World Airlines Inc. to profitability while he was its president from 1986 to 1988 . 
Daily trading volume in the New York foreign exchange market is $ 130 billion . 
`` That means stocks , bonds , money market instruments and real estate . '' 
When Dreyfus started the first advertising-backed retail fund in February 1974 , it was priced at $ 10 a share ( and reached $ 1 billion in assets in one year . ) 
The state quit shoving peasants onto its subsidized farms over 30 years ago . 
As with many other goods , the American share of Japan 's PC market is far below that in the rest of the world . 
But the rate of the decline snowballed in August , with unit sales to dealers for the month down 10.5 % from a year earlier , according to the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association . 
With the acquisition , Monogram , Blue Ash , Ohio , has more than 2.4 million total accounts , GE Capital added . 
Alan Weston , president of Weston Capital Management , a Los Angeles money-management firm , adds that in periods of uncertainty like today , `` it 's a good time to cut out the dead branches of your portfolio . '' 
Wednesday , Nov. 1 , 9-10:30 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Thomas Hart Benton . '' 
The tender offer for Gen-Probe 's shares is expected to begin next Monday , the company said . 
The Canadian dollar climbed to its highest level against the U.S. dollar since late August , prompting the Bank of Canada to sell the Canadian currency on the market . 
Prospect Group Inc. , whose recent hostile tender offer for Recognition Equipment Inc. failed for lack of financing , apparently has gained a measure of control over the troubled company anyway . 
He believes there 's opportunity for a smart gasoline marketer to create a strong brand image and more consumer loyalty . 
Mercury Savings & Loan Association , Huntington Beach , Calif. , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 3.9 million , or 61 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 1.4 million , or 22 cents a share , in the year-earlier quarter . 
On days when prices are tumbling , they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . 
The abrupt management change sparked widespread speculation that Mr. Roman had been pushed out of Ogilvy 's top spot by Mr. Sorrell . 
In their quest to perfect apartheid , the Orange Workers have discovered a truth that most of privileged white South Africa tries mightily to deny : The master ca n't become dependent on the slave and expect to remain master forever . 
New Jersey is a proving ground for this aggressive women's-rights movement this year . 
He is now president of Eastate Homes Inc. , an Indianapolis contractor . 
Meanwhile , non-performing assets rose to $ 593 million from $ 518.7 million . 
Mr. Blandon says the general allowed the Contras to set up a secret training center in Panama . 
MGM Grand said the latest stock offering wo n't cover the $ 600 million or more cost of building the proposed resort and theme park , and added it will need to seek additional financing , either through bank borrowings or debt and equity offerings , at a later date . 
Although Ryder did n't break out the charge , analysts estimated that the majority of the $ 57 million was linked to workers ' compensation reserves and anticipated losses on the disposal of trucks . 
Not to mention a generous federal pension . 
In New York Stock Exchange trading Friday , Conseco closed at $ 19.50 , down 25 cents . 
IF YOUR FLIGHT attendant seems a little weary , it may be because he or she has been working 20 straight hours . 
In addition , the company called its 12 7\/8 % senior subordinated notes due 1994 , with an aggregate principal amount of $ 200 million , for redemption on Dec. 15 . 
As of June 30 , it had settled only about 15,000 of the 81,000 received claims from asbestos victims , for an average of $ 40,424 each . 
The day after that conversation at the residence of the U.S. ambassador , the Brezhnevite editor of Pravda , Victor Afnasjev , was replaced by a college classmate of Mr. Gorbachev 's . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8667 marks , down from 1.8685 marks late Monday , and at 142.75 yen , up from 141.85 yen late Monday . 
In addition , Illinois attorneys will lose the right to sue clients who file malicious complaints against them . 
When things are quiet ( low volatility ) , the structures on which markets stand can be relatively inefficient and still perform their functions adequately . 
This pattern was particularly evident among more highly educated couples . 
Common shareholders would end up owning about 6.4 % of the combined company . 
But the plane boasts a strong core of support in the House , where members are intent on saving Grumman jobs and are worried about potential shortages of carrier-based aircraft by the late 1990s . 
The more we think about it , the more we suspect Mr. Brady does indeed have enough power where he already is . 
When the judge bought his new Sunbird from James E. Black Pontiac-Cadillac in Ebensburg five years ago , the dealership had `` certain apprehensions '' about the judge 's reputation , according to the grand-jury report . 
Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company approved the creation of this second class of stock , which will be traded on the national over-the-counter market and which the company said would be used for acquisitions and other general corporate purposes . 
Canada 's Brian Mulroney and Australia 's Bob Hawke , the paper said , were `` enraged . '' 
Internal Revenue Service approval of the move as a tax-free transaction was the last hurdle to splitting up the world 's dominant maker of supercomputers , which Mr. Cray founded in 1974 . 
They were also as liberal or more liberal than any other age group in the 1986 through 1989 surveys . 
Southam agreed to sell its 47 % stake in Selkirk Communications Ltd. , a broadcasting concern , to Maclean Hunter Ltd. for about C$ 285 million last year . 
Warner described as `` nonsense '' yesterday Sony 's assertions in prior court filings that Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters could in theory run Columbia while still fulfilling their contract to produce movies for Warner . 
The bugs will cause problems in `` specific and rare circumstances that will not occur in typical applications '' such as word-processing and spreadsheets , said Michael Slater , editor of the Microprocessor Report , an industry newsletter . 
Pitney Bowes Inc. directors authorized the company to seek buyers for its Wheeler Group Inc. subsidiary , a direct mail marketer of office supplies . 
Mr. Peters says in his affidavit that the movie 's staff was told last week that Warner was `` taking over '' the picture , and another producer would be giving all of the orders . 
Ford and Chrysler also have exhibits , although theirs are tucked in a separate room with the less-popular automotive parts section . 
Additionally , Moody 's Investors Service said it downgraded Valley National 's senior debt and confirmed the company 's commercial paper rating of `` not prime . '' 
On the Toronto Stock Exchange , Cineplex closed at C$ 12.875 , off 37.5 Canadian cents , well below the C$ 16.40 level . 
If All Else Fails ... . 
But the strong pitch by Mr. Cheney may be too little too late to prevent damage to SDI . 
Mr. Ravine succeeds William R. Mansfield Jr. , who will remain with the company until the end of the year to support the transition and to complete important projects . 
The original owners happily repaid the claim and took their kylix home . 
The media , she says , have distorted his personal life . 
A company spokesman said the Veslefrikk field 's gross reserves were estimated in 1987 at 229 million barrels . 
We expect a choppy and sloppy market for a short period , but we do n't think it will be ugly . 
`` But they wanted to roll the dice and we 're going to let them , '' Mr. Hartt said . 
Of the scores of companies contacted by this newspaper , few reported any damage that they did n't expect to have remedied within a day or two . 
Last Friday , after Congress passed it anyway , he hinted he was looking for compromise . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say they got a look at the books and balked at the price . 
Mr. Angell is incorrect when he states that the Soviet Union 's large gold reserves would give it `` great power to establish credibility . '' 
But General Motors dropped 1 7\/8 to 44 7\/8 . 
That injunction resulted from litigation between Temple and Sea Containers last May . 
The largest volume drop -- down 445,645 shares to 141,903 -- came in shares represented by B.A.T Industries PLC 's American depositary receipts . 
So you get an idea of the leverage there and elsewhere that our market for drugs has brought about . 
On most days , the desert 's heat and the cool of the ocean combine to create a mist like a damp rag . 
He says the strike-force lawyers will work more efficiently under the supervision of U.S. attorneys . 
The answer lies both in the degraded environment of these countries and the perceived causes of that degradation . 
Nissan Motor Co. expects net income to reach 120 billion yen ( U.S. $ 857 million ) in its current fiscal year , up from 114.6 billion yen in the previous year , Yutaka Kume , president , said . 
The recent bids for United and American Airlines have led Congress to move with supersonic speed to protect incumbent airline managements . 
`` I 'm not here to make money by reselling the team later on . 
Nor did it ease restrictions on exports to Poland and Hungary , according to U.S. officials who attended the talks . 
A final agreement has not been signed , and the moves will not have a material effect on the company , Gillette said . 
Mr. Johnson said Western Digital 's plant in Puerto Rico was affected by Hurricane Hugo , losing three days ' production because of the storm , which wrecked much of the Caribbean island 's infrastructure . 
The British government also strongly opposes the charter in its current form . 
Merck & Co . 
He has also agreed to become president of a new subsidiary to be formed to make future acquisitions , the company said . 
The heat energy plus the energy consumed by the breakup of the water molecules added to far more energy coming out of the apparatus than electrical energy going in , they reported . 
He said that if little cocoa actually has arrived at the ports , shipping delays could result . 
But the Reagan administration thought otherwise , and so may the Bush administration . 
Construction of apartments and other multi-family dwellings slipped 2.2 % to an annual rate of 1,022,000 following a 3.5 % decline in August . 
Shelley M. Zeiger , an entrepreneur from New Jersey who buys Soviet porcelain and `` matryoshka '' nesting dolls for export to the U.S. , says West German companies already have snapped up much of the production of these items . 
The egg producers also lobbied the Food and Drug Administration . 
One of the hotels , to be called the Sheraton Moscow , will have 450 rooms and will cost an estimated $ 75 million to build . 
One group seeks to publish a U.S.-Soviet medical journal in conjunction with the U.S.S.R. Ministry of Health . 
Jeff Bridges is the younger brother , Jack , who fancies himself the rebellious artist ; he lives in a loft with his sick dog and the occasional visit from the little girl upstairs , who climbs down the fire escape . 
There are also other factors at work that are outside IBM 's control , such as currency exchange rates . 
`` They 've got too much invested in the old stuff and they ca n't get their workers to be flexible . '' 
While the visit was unrelated to Jaguar , GM Chairman Roger Smith answered the legislators ' questions about it over lunch Tuesday . 
Even the U.S. Forest Service , whose lenient `` multiple-use '' philosophy permits motorized vehicles on thousands of miles of its trails across the U.S. , has begun to close some lands to the bikes , including major portions of the popular Pacific Crest Trail , which stretches from California to Canada . 
But several traders quickly stepped up and bid for contracts , driving prices sharply higher . 
`` In both games I got exactly what I wanted , '' he said . 
The company said fiscal 1989 revenue increased about 30 % to more than $ 32 million from $ 25.3 million . 
The latest drop shows the narrowing in the nation 's trade gap reflected in successive full monthly reports is continuing . 
Never once did she gasp for air or mop her brow . 
A subsequent rally in UAL helped the staggering stock market stage an astonishing recovery from an 80-point deficit to finish only slightly below Monday 's close . 
Many of those `` cyclical '' issues are in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which fell 26.23 to 2662.91 . 
Many analysts believe that the Soviets ' thirst for dollars this year to buy grain and other Western commodities and goods will bring them to the market whenever prices rally very much . 
So DARPA is trying to keep the industry interested in developing large display panels by doling out research funds . 
But even before Wang 's latest financial troubles surfaced , some customers `` were trying to wall off their Wang installations '' so other departments would n't add Wang , says Chris Christiansen , a former Wang marketer who is now a market analyst with Meta Group , a market research firm in Stamford , Conn . 
`` But the reward is that there 's less need to make tradeoffs '' in choosing one 's wheels . 
A young mother found her boy , who had been out buying a hotdog . 
Allianz did n't say whom , if anyone , it will support . 
Brian Petre , a former Wang salesman in upstate New York , says : `` You have pride in your job . 
But the guidelines could `` make it impossible to commercialize research , '' says Kenneth Smith , associate provost and vice president for research at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
Yesterday , in heavy , national over-the-counter trading , Lotus shares rose to $ 32.50 , up $ 1.25 apiece , capping a threemonth run-up of more than 40 % . 
Then , he answers his own question . 
North Atlantic Industries jumped 1 to 5 3\/4 . 
`` Earlier generations were brand loyal across categories , '' he says , `` but boomers tend to be brand loyal in categories like running shoes and bottled water , but less so in others like toilet paper and appliances . '' 
His client contacts , meanwhile , could prove a gold mine for an agency that has had few new business wins of late . 
People who have seen SCI TV 's restructuring plan say it offers concessions by KKR and Gillett Corp . 
-- Laurence W. Thomas . 
Fina blamed lower chemical prices , reduced gasoline margins and refinery maintenance shutdowns . 
`` So far , this list does n't change our view . 
Ms. Bartlett 's little rooms left little room for plants or people . 
Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120-day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future . 
The industry 's chemical profits also declined because excess capacity has depressed prices . 
He is now designing a Broadway stage set for a show by the band Kid Creole and the Coconuts . 
Mr. Anderson wants the prestige colleges to sponsor such a plan . 
Others analyze the data . 
And some of its top client-service executives , including Mr. Phillips , were promoted to the point they were saddled with administrative duties , with little time to see clients . 
Vista Chemical Co. , with three chemical plants in and near Lake Charles , La. , `` prepares for every hurricane that enters the Gulf of Mexico , '' says Keith L. Fogg , a company safety director . 
But Home Depot Inc. , an Atlanta-based home center chain , objected when Mr. Vila started doing commercial endorsements for Rickel Home Centers , a New Jersey building supply company that competes with Home Depot in some markets . 
One had best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut . '' 
Part of the problem , though , may reflect a general unwillingness to work with the urban poor . 
We now know that the words were not always his own . 
10 billion yen ( $ 70 million ) of 6 % bonds due Feb. 24 , 1993 , priced at 101 1\/4 , via Daiwa Europe Ltd . 
East Germany yesterday removed Erich Honecker , one of the staunchest holdouts against the reform rumbling through the Communist world , in an effort to win back the confidence of its increasingly rebellious citizens . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Lockheed closed at $ 46.125 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
Jaguar executives said last week they expect to have a friendly alliance with GM wrapped up by the end of the month . 
In the derivative market , insurance companies have scaled back their purchases of Remic securities , or real estate mortgage investment conduits , as they assess potential claims from the recent California earthquake and hurricane in the Carolinas . 
Texans Get Reasonable Car Rental Insurance 
Nor does it at all resemble ( despite what some executives think ) the more intimate variety offered at specialty parlors in bad parts of town . 
`` It 's more of an important issue to keep control of those assets , rather than push the investor to move into ( specific ) products such as equities , '' Mr. Grano says . 
In Big Board composite trading , Schering-Plough shares fell 75 cents to close at $ 74.125 . 
Those who are n't worried about how Japanese manufacturers ' investments will affect trade note that many new products are n't replacements for imports . 
However , non-interest income rose to $ 23.5 million from $ 22 million . 
Arthur Price abruptly quit as president and chief executive officer of MTM Entertainment Inc. , a Los Angeles production company that has fallen on hard times . 
I bow to no one in my regard for our terrestrial heritage , but if we are serious about global warming we must look at the big picture and not allow the Dominant Culture to lock us into the capitalist-exploiters-greedy-American-consumers-global - warming scenario as the sole model for discussion . 
Unlike most economic indicators , none of these figures are adjusted for seasonal variations . 
Traders , however , are quick to point out that while there is little enthusiasm for buying dollars , the U.S. unit has found a `` natural bottom '' at about 1.85 marks and 140 yen . 
A core group of six or so Democratic senators has been working behind the scenes to develop a proposal to reduce the tax on the gain from the sale of assets . 
Guaranteed by the South Australian Treasury . 
`` The intensive labor needed to manufacture furs { in the U.S. . } is not as available as it was , '' says Mr. Schreibman , who is starting overseas production . 
`` Newsprint and postage prices this year have not gone up , '' said Peter R. Kann , president of Dow Jones . 
There are many other strategies to bolster the returns of index funds . 
`` It 's been kind of annoying , to say the least , '' she said . 
Loral Corp. said it received a $ 325 million order from Turkey 's Ministry of Defense , the largest contract the company ever has received . 
Coors , with its large beer-distribution network , could penetrate more markets . 
The molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor . 
`` With a hurricane you know it 's coming . 
When and if the trust runs out of cash -- which seems increasingly likely -- it will need to convert its Manville stock to cash . 
Not to judge by `` Settle the Score , '' in which Mr. Sohmer seems to be settling a score of his own . 
Trading was active . 
But while analysts say that municipal bonds still offer good value , you would n't know it by the way institutional investors are rushing to dump their holdings . 
The total short interest in Nasdaq stocks as of mid-October was 237.1 million shares , up from 223.7 million in September but well below the record level of 279 million shares established in July 1987 . 
Moody 's said the ratings anticipate a successful debt-reduction program and modest improvement in discretionary cash flow because of planned asset sales . 
Citing current stock market conditions and the trend away from highly leveraged transactions , Grimm said it was n't certain that the total value of transactions for the year will exceed the record $ 247 billion in 1988 . 
Both Colgate and Procter & Gamble have received big orders for toothpaste , soap and detergents . 
After that , the federal share diminishes . 
`` I think it will shake confidence one more time , and a lot of this business is based on client confidence . '' 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
`` I would hope very much that we would n't end up in a kind of situation where you have a bidding war and then a veto threat . '' 
Clearly , the existence of the former lures the latter . 
Looking ahead to other commodity markets this week : 
`` But clearly we 're entering a difficult period . '' 
What could be better than getting a tad more income from them ( the plus ) than other people ? 
Neither state has settled , and officials in the two states wo n't discuss their reasons for not doing so . 
Sources close to the company and ad agencies that work with Meredith said leading advertisers in consumer electronics , packaged goods and automotive products were among those negotiating ad packages with the Meredith group . 
A recent attempt to resume operations was cut short quickly by these attacks . 
`` It 's like panning for gold outside of Grand Central Station . 
ADIA SERVICES INC. , Menlo Park , temporary personnel agency , annual sales of $ 504 million , OTC , said all 30 offices in Bay area were working , but in various states of disarray . 
Dow Jones industrials 2689.14 , up 5.94 ; transportation 1230.80 , off 32.71 ; utilities 215.48 , up 0.06 . 
Similarly , a group of companies led by Chevron Corp. has been unable to pump oil found off the California coast in the early 1980s . 
There is a simple reason for this : the Cuban people . 
Mr. Merksamer and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , were unavailable for comment . 
`` It certainly was n't intended to be a demotion , '' the spokesman said . 
Yesterday , Mr. Blum , 41 , said he was n't aware of plans at Ladenburg to name a co-chairman to succeed Mr. Koenig and said the board would need to approve any appointments or title changes . 
But the new statistics show that by September , the burst in spending seemed to be tapering off . 
Although bulk-chemical prices have begun falling in the U.S. , they are generally stable in Europe , Mr. Bergsma said . 
He also launched a kingside storm , sacrificing a pawn to denude D.T. 's king . 
But Japanese agencies are cautious about expanding abroad because client relationships are different . 
The company had sought increases totaling $ 80.3 million , or 22 % . 
The Soviet Communist Party has the power to shape corporate development and mold it into a body dependent upon it . 
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange fined and suspended two commodities traders accused of making prearranged trades with each other that allegedly cheated a customer . 
And so our institutions of higher learning lurch from scandal to scandal on gridiron and basketball court , while the casualties mount . 
The Soviets ' eavesdropping paid off , however , because they got the contract . 
The expiration date had been Nov. 3 . 
Some underwriters have been pressing for years to tap the low-margin business by selling some policies directly to consumers . 
Most sleep on the floor . 
A company official said the explosions began when a seal blew out . 
He said the improvement was a result of cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending two sales organizations and focusing more carefully the company 's promotional activities . 
`` Every day we 're getting new bid lists '' from would-be sellers , one trader said . 
-- Ivern Ball . 
Cotton Inc. 's new $ 9 million campaign calls cotton the `` Fabric of Our Lives . '' 
This year , many stores are entering the Christmas season in turmoil : Bonwit Teller and B. Altman parent L.J. Hooker Corp. is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code ; B.A.T Industries PLC 's healthy Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field 's chains are on the auction block ; Campeau 's Bloomingdale 's is also on the block . 
GE 's Power Generation subsidiary will operate and maintain the plant upon its completion . 
Although it 's unclear how much exposure the London market will face , U.K. underwriters traditionally have a large reinsurance exposure to U.S. catastrophe coverage . 
International Business Machines and Bank of America are among the companies using the single-adjudicator approach . 
Wall Street 
The results reflect a reversal in the fortunes of the regions during the past two years . 
Mr. Roman will be succeeded as the head of Ogilvy 's flagship ad agency , Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , by Graham Phillips , 50 , who had been president of North American operations and who , like Mr. Sorrell , is British . 
Mr. Taft , who is also president of Taft Broadcasting Co. , said he bought the shares because he keeps a utility account at the brokerage firm of Salomon Brothers Inc. , which had recommended the stock as a good buy . 
`` Thank goodness it 's happening . 
`` That 's what the naczelnik counts on . 
Like the game of professional football , the NFL organization itself is in turmoil . 
According to military officers at the time , word was passed to Mr. Noriega by his American hosts that the police would be waiting . 
Of course , simply buying computers does n't always solve problems , and many American companies have erred by purchasing technology they did n't understand . 
But stock-index futures have plenty of support . 
Suppliers were also hurt by the stronger U.S. dollar , which makes sales abroad more difficult . 
FIG : 
But the market remains uneasy about Mr. Major 's policy strategy and the prospects for the pound , currency analysts contend . 
In the meantime , the question faced by investors is : What is UAL stock worth ? 
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC. , Sunnyvale , integrated circuit maker , annual sales of $ 1.12 billion , NYSE , had only minor structural damage . 
Despite all the furor over program trading , program trading played a big role in yesterday 's rally . 
Joe Frank Sanderson Jr. was elected president and chief executive officer of this poultry producer . 
The nervousness about the technology stock outlook also hurt the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which slipped about 1 % . 
He again urged passage of a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion . 
Shelly Lazarus , 42 , was named president and chief operating officer of Ogilvy & Mather Direct , the direct mail division of WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather agency . 
( After 1992 , the winter and summer Olympics will be held two years apart , with the revised schedule beginning with the winter games in 1994 and the summer games in 1996 . ) 
Indeed , the possibility of an A 's ring cycle , a\/k\/a a dynasty , was a major topic of post-game discussion Saturday , so much so that Sandy Alderson , the team 's general manager , felt obliged to dampen it . 
`` Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him , or being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two-thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives , according to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill . '' 
State monopolies will keep on stifling trade , `` free '' prices or not , until something else replaces them . 
Mr. Dorfman covers investing issues from The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
Amstrad PLC , a British maker of computer hardware and communications equipment , posted a 52 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year . 
They repeatedly noted that environmental progress could not be secured without true ownership , genuine competition based on market factors , and the risk of bankruptcy if a business makes the wrong decisions . 
`` The croaker 's done gone from the hook -- 
Analysts in London believe investors , despite their stampede to dump takeover stocks , should hold on tight to their Jaguar shares , this newspaper 's Heard on the Street column said yesterday . 
But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . 
New York authorities , informed yesterday about the move , reacted with concern and even some anger to the idea of the nation 's third-largest corporation leaving without giving them an opportunity to accommodate it . 
Marsam Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1.3 million common shares , via Smith Barney Harris Upham & Co . 
Similarly , visual images will be more vivid , sensational and , sometimes , gruesome . 
As a result , if a problem develops on a production line , it is unlikely some supervisor sitting in front of a personal computer or workstation will know about it or be able to correct it . 
For one thing , it 's unlikely that many people would receive federal death sentences , let alone be executed . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
But while further modest declines might be ahead , Mr. Hafer said it would be difficult to get through resistance levels just above yesterday 's high . 
Most said they shut down their petroleum pipeline operations as a precaution but did n't see any immediate damage . 
Alternatively , it is to offer three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . 
Because Mr. Marcos died Sept. 28 , the privilege can no longer apply , the judge said . 
Donald DeScenza , an independent analyst in New Canaan , Conn. , said he was `` impressed with the company 's performance . '' 
If the White House is looking for another unconstitutional bill , Rep. John Dingell is trying again to raise the Fairness Doctrine from the dead . 
In the third quarter , the implicit price deflator fell to 2.9 % of the 1982 average , from 4.6 % in the previous quarter . 
And why not ? 
`` It 's impossible to put an exact figure on it at this time . '' 
Developers are also forming more joint ventures with pension funds and insurance companies that can finance big projects . 
Hundreds of people lined up every day at the Colgate-Palmolive Co. stand to receive a free tube of toothpaste , a commodity in chronically short supply here . 
At this stage some people just `` walk away '' from homes where the mortgage exceeds current market value . 
What managers really fear is that the pro-union movement could spread beyond the pilots . 
The council plans to release its regional reports monthly . 
Jack Kuehler , IBM 's president , said IBM is also considering letting other companies participate in additional semiconductor work but declined to be more specific . 
The family moves to another house at night to conceal shabby belongings from neighbors . 
While tens of thousands of software packages using the IBM standard are available in the U.S. , they say only about 8,000 are written for NEC . 
But not just any bonds will do . 
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond . 
Instead , a House subcommittee adopted a clean-fuels program that specifically mentions reformulated gasoline as an alternative . 
But the proper remedy , Judge Leval said , lay in a suit for damages , not in an injunction . 
`` This is America , '' he says . 
`` For Ms. , it 's time to publish for the reader , not the advertiser . '' 
So if anything happened to me , I 'd want to leave behind enough so that my 33-year-old husband would be able to pay off the mortgage and some other debts ( though not , I admit , enough to put any potential second wife in the lap of luxury ) . 
The institute has governmental service contracts for the provision of direct patient services ; collects patient fees ; receives money through contributions from individuals , foundations and bequests . 
In the U.S. over-the-counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 . 
It automatically selects stories from particular countries for reading by the international bankers responsible for lending in those areas . 
Environmental groups would soon go out of business were they not able to send out mailings describing the latest threat and asking for money to fight it . 
Mobil Exploration & Producing U.S. Inc. , the group involved , currently has a work force of somewhat less than 5,000 . 
As a result , Morgan Stanley 's Index of 40 Emerging Growth Stocks -- most of which are in the OTC market -- is up only 13 % for the year , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has leaped 24 % and the S&P 500 has grown 25 % . 
West German and French authorities have cleared Dresdner Bank AG 's takeover of a majority stake in Banque Internationale de Placement ( BIP ) , Dresdner Bank said . 
c - Translated at Commercial Rand exchange rate . 
In the interview , Mr. Haussmann did n't specify the amount of revenue the government will lose after the tax disappears . 
The British prime minister was the only woman singled out by respondents , who put Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev in second place ... . 
NORTH SIDE SAVINGS BANK directors declared an initial dividend of 10 cents a share , payable Dec. 5 to stock of record Nov. 21 . 
Mr. Phelan has n't been making public remarks in recent days , and many people have urged him to take more of a leadership role on the program trading issue . 
Hewlett-Packard said it will sell versions later next year that run on Sun Microsystems Inc. and Digital Equipment Corp. machines . 
Business : Airline 
So far neither the Bush administration nor Congress is prepared to lead the way toward revamping health care . 
`` We proved a healthy office does n't cost more , '' says Frederic Krupp , executive director of the fund . 
In trading on the American Stock Exchange , Delmed closed at 50 cents , down 6.25 cents . 
One group is the Committee on State Taxation , which comprises 330 multistate corporations and advises the Council of State Chambers of Commerce . 
The maker of telecommunications and defense equipment said Carol Cable 's portfolio and market focus would complement the company 's current wire and cable businesses . 
The fund 's purpose is to provide quick and adequate relief . 
`` If that 's true , Orange County has to be at least 10 % of that . '' 
But when stocks held steady , Treasury bonds later retreated . 
The 10.48 % yield represents a spread to the 20-year Treasury of 2.45 percentage points . 
The rating agency said it is focusing especially on the transportation service company 's efforts to control costs , improve margins and enhance its competitive position in its primary business , vehicle leasing and rental . 
Power could n't be restored at the company 's San Francisco headquarters to allow trading yesterday morning . 
But 1991 could be a window for action . 
Its best hope of acceptance by its neighbours lies in reaching a settlement with the Palestinians . 
The company could be fined a maximum of $ 10,000 , or double the profit . 
General Electric Pension took control of the 85-title library last month after Color Systems defaulted on the loan . 
At the same time , only four securities firms have signed up with the Big Board to buy and sell ESPs as market makers , an unenthusiastic response . 
IF YOU FORCE financial planners to sum up their most important advice in a single sentence , it would probably be a one-word sentence : Diversify . 
A crusade of NO to the consumption of drugs is imperative . 
Officials at Gulf Power could n't be reached for comment . 
When Thomas W. Wathen went big league last year , he acquired a treasure-trove of Americana along with a well-known but ailing security business : Pinkerton 's Inc . 
If it goes capitalist , and increases trade with West Germany , it will convert itself , willy-nilly , into an economic annex of the Federal Republic . 
Dycom Industries gained 3\/4 to 16 3\/4 after it said it agreed to buy Ansco & Associates and two affiliates for cash and stock . 
Either way , the word `` broker '' is clearly out of favor . 
Daiwa House advanced 100 to 2,610 , Misawa Homes was up 60 at 2,940 , and Sekisui House gained 100 to 2,490 . 
The bid was n't `` socially acceptable , '' a company spokeswoman said . 
Mr. Gatward declined to comment , and Mr. Price could n't be reached on Friday . 
Nonetheless , concern about the chip may have been responsible for a decline of 87.5 cents in Intel 's stock to $ 32 a share yesterday in over-the-counter trading , on volume of 3,609,800 shares , and partly responsible for a drop in Compaq 's stock in New York Stock Exchange composite trading on Wednesday . 
Competing asset-allocation firms march to their own computer models , so some have been partly or fully invested in stocks this year while Renaissance has sat on the sidelines . 
But that ghost was n't fooled ; he knew the RDF was neither rapid nor deployable nor a force -- even though it cost $ 8 billion or $ 10 billion a year . 
Mr. Peters , on the other hand , has fewer fans in Hollywood , and his detractors like to characterize him as something of a hot-tempered bully . 
He is n't sure a recession is coming , but says the other likely alternative -- reignited inflation -- is just as bad . 
But this is not where the rewards of junk financing were found . 
In July , Par and a 60%-owned unit agreed to plead guilty in that inquiry , as did another former Par official . 
`` Since deregulation of the market in 1985 , producers have become much more intensely involved in both transportation and marketing , '' Mr. Maier said . `` 
But inflation , as measured by the GNP deflator in Thursday 's report , is expected to rise only 3.5 % , down from 4.6 % in the second quarter . 
In mid-August , the companies , through their jointly owned holding company , Temple Holdings Ltd. , sweetened the offer to $ 63 a share , or $ 963 million . 
The Canadian wound up writing a check . 
Concern about declines in other markets , especially New York , caused selling pressure . 
Ke Zaishuo , head of China 's delegation to a Chinese-British Liaison Committee on Hong Kong , accused Britain of trying to impose a fait accompli and said , `` This is something we can not accept . '' 
Bradley A. Stertz in Detroit contributed to this article . 
And they want the U.S. to help them sell overseas . 
Dr. Fung said that FK-506 would not be available in the market for at least a year , and that the FDA approval process usually takes three years to five years . 
The post had been vacant for more than a year . 
The result , `` Poodle Springs '' ( Putnam 's , 288 pages , $ 18.95 ) is an entertaining , easy to read and fairly graceful extension of the Marlowe chronicle , full of hard-boiled wisecracks and California color . 
`` The emotional aspect is so draining , they needed a good workout . '' 
At first it attributed the slump to temporary business disruptions , but when no orders were logged in August and September , manager Donald Lai became convinced that business would be bad for many months . 
It would be like `` watching a black and white movie on a color TV set , '' says Malcolm G. Saull , chairman of the film and video department at the Rochester Institute of Technology . 
Some analysts say Noranda would prefer to break up Falconbridge , and that the Swedes -- relatively inexperienced in international mining operations -- could have problems holding their own with a much bigger partner like Noranda operating on its home turf . 
One major NBC affiliate , KCRA in Sacramento , plans to cancel the NBC Saturday morning line-up as of January and replace it with a local newscast . 
`` The proper climatic conditions do n't exist in many places in the world . '' 
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit . 
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days . 
-- A young woman who has been out of town shows up at the Marina Middle School to learn that her apartment is on the condemned list . 
And even though employees paid the bill , taxpayers grumbled . 
As a result , some securities analysts had predicted in recent days that IBM would authorize additional purchases . 
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi . 
Revenue declined $ 518 million , to $ 13.63 billion . 
Comsat Video will pay $ 17 million for a 62.5 % interest , with Messrs. Lee and Bynoe putting up $ 8 million for a 37.5 % stake in the team . 
`` You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , '' says Mr. Litvack . 
Was not the title very clear ? 
Earlier , Mesa had rejected a general proposal from StatesWest to combine the two carriers in some way . 
But United Media says it 's very scrupulous with the contracts it hands out . 
No one can say . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Rohm & Haas closed at $ 33 a share , down $ 1.75 . 
Federal credit programs date back to the New Deal , and were meant to break even financially . 
He expects Citicorp to take a similar step this year . 
We 're standing in gasoline , so do n't smoke ! '' 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Green said he had boosted his holdings in Bancroft common to 10.4 % from 8.5 % , and renewed an offer he made in March to acquire the fund . 
The seniority-list controversy , along with the job-classification dispute , has been turned over to the mediator . 
The newspaper quoted KGB chairman Vladimir A. Kryuchkov as saying the definition of anti-Soviet crimes had narrowed , the laws had changed and people no longer have to fear a simple slip of the tongue . 
Whatever the monetary crime losses , they may not be nearly as important to entrepreneurs as the risk of personal injury . 
He said USI Far East has applied to both the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank 's International Finance Corp. for financing that could include equity stakes . 
It 's quite likely we 're going to get repeats '' of the mid-October market shocks . 
`` It 's really part of the hospital of the 21st century , '' Dr. Grieco says . 
Humana 's revenues , for example , are being boosted by large increases in enrollments in the company 's health maintenance organizations . 
Replacing the cathode-ray tube with a large , thin screen is the key to the creation of a high-definition television , or HDTV , which is expected to become a $ 30 billion business world-wide within a decade . 
`` It 's the one-upsmanship of name-dropping that counts . '' 
Officials at the New York bank-holding company were n't available for comment on the debt-rating changes . 
Viewers can call a 900 number for additional advice , which will be tailored to their needs based on the numbers they punch ( `` Press one if you 're pregnant , '' etc . ) . 
He said he expects the company to have $ 500 million in sales for this year . 
Ronald Sloan , executive vice president of Siebel Capital Management , likes Wellman Inc. , a company that recycles plastic into synthetic fibers for carpeting . 
Neither has plans to be a market maker for now . 
`` My assessment and everyone 's assessment is that we do not have the kinds of information that let us responsibly and effectively formulate and execute our budget , '' Mr. Goldberg said . 
The new line is aimed directly at International Business Machines Corp . 
Jewelry displays in department stores were often cluttered and uninspired . 
Many middle-class people would love free food , Medicaid insurance , utilities and rent . 
`` I think we could very well have { an economic } slowdown , beginning very soon if not already , '' he says . 
Japan 's exports of cars , trucks and buses declined 2.4 % to 535,322 units in September from a year earlier , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association said . 
They seem to be having the `` worst of both worlds : artistic work with none of art 's integrity and no control over the finished product ; self-employment without fun or profit . '' 
`` In every case , people would like to see a consentual plan , '' he said . 
`` The hero of my youth , the one person in history I 'd most like to meet . 
`` I ca n't do anything score-wise , but I like meeting the girls . '' 
And `` shippers are getting the feeling that they have played one trucker off against another as much as they can , '' he said . 
Both distributions are payable Dec. 4 to limited partners of record Nov. 3 . 
Credit Suisse Finance Gibraltar Ltd . ( Swiss parent ) -- 100 billion lire of 12 5\/8 % bonds due June 30 , 1993 , priced at 101.45 to yield 12.75 % less full fees , via Banca Nazionale del Lavaro . 
The $ 1.68 billion thrift was declared insolvent and closed in December 1986 . 
Personnel Pool ( temporary workers , mostly in the health-care area ) chips in close to 25 % of sales but only about 9 % of earnings . 
He says he thinks his company is just a few years from doing that . 
Art dealers say that while auction houses occasionally guarantee the seller of a highly desirable work of art a minimum price , a financial commitment of this size is unprecedented . 
Sasebo Heavy Industries Co. , a medium-sized shipbuilder , expects its sales to increase 30 % this year , largely because of rising demand for oil tankers . 
Norfolk Southern 's board approved a buy-back of up to 45 million shares , valued at over $ 1.7 billion . 
By the time it paid its expenses it only had $ 120,000 left -- not enough to treat even one child . 
Still , it may be tough for the two to have a smooth partnership in anything , in the wake of sworn affidavits filed over the last week . 
`` We 're being bombarded by new Treasury and agency debt offerings , '' said William Sullivan Jr. , director of money-market research at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that appeal to intellectuals , the media and the imagination , but are full of practical pitfalls . 
Japanese investors , reassured by Monday 's strong rally on Wall Street , erased most of that day 's losses on the Tokyo Stock Exchange . 
Reward El Espectador 's courage with real support . 
The rally notwithstanding , there are plenty of worries about the short-term course of stock prices . 
Elected to Congress as a `` Watergate baby '' in 1974 , he ran for governor three years later . 
The rates , which take effect Jan. 2 , include a 4 % increase for national edition advertising . 
`` On the comptroller side , you 're developing and making work financial controls governing a $ 6 billion budget . 
Earthquake 's Damage 
One brown two-year-old filly was wheezing from a cold , while another had splints on its legs , keeping both animals from the racetrack . 
Like Lebanon , and however unfairly , Israel is regarded by the Arab world as a colonial aberration . 
RJR Nabisco Inc. awarded its national broadcast media-buying assignment to FCB\/Leber Katz Partners , the New York outpost of Chicago-based Foote , Cone & Belding . 
The legislation , approved 345-47 and sent to the Senate , establishes two enterprise funds , to be governed by independent nonprofit boards , which will make loans and investments in new business ventures in Hungary and Poland . 
These farmers may have a grip on the world 's very heart . 
Sun Sun Co. 's net income climbed 18 % to $ 85 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 72 million , or 67 cents a share . 
Flexible Portfolio Funds 
Criminal convictions under the federal Superfund law are rare , and the decision is the first jury verdict in such a case . 
According to the state department of finance , a one-penny increase in the state 's six-cent per dollar sales tax could raise $ 3 billion . 
The figures are at seasonally adjusted annual rates in trillions of dollars . 
But a partial recovery in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which had been down more than 60 points in midmorning , dashed those expectations . 
The goal would be to resolve disputes such as one prompted by the European Community 's current attempt to bar imports of beef from hormone-treated U.S. cattle . 
Small retailers who ca n't afford to travel to his New York showroom have become fair game . 
Instead , they are working to transform Banco Exterior into an efficient bank by the end of 1992 . 
Bank Building , which expects to report a fourth-quarter loss , said it engaged advisers to `` explore financial alternatives for the company including the possible sale of the company or one or more of its units . '' 
But even that brings Nissan only to the share it had in 1987 , and leaves the company behind its high of 5.5 % in 1980 and 1982 . 
In when-issued trading , the two-year Treasurys had a yield of about 7.88 % . 
In the second quarter , Bethlehem posted a $ 50 million charge related to its plans to realign the division . 
`` It 's the missing link '' in Olivetti 's product line between small personal computers and higher-priced minicomputers , the Olivetti spokesman said . 
The Ginnie Mae issue rose amid talk of large purchases of the securities by institutional investors . 
It does prolong the pain somewhat . '' 
But other figures are surprising . 
A Frankfurt exchange official , acknowledging the brokers ' anxieties , says the market still feels it `` functioned OK during this crash . '' 
Besides signing Mr. Aikman to a sizable contract , Mr. Jones has agreed to pay rookie quarterback Steve Walsh $ 4.1 million over the next four years . 
The slowdown also results from chronic energy and raw-materials shortages that force many factories to restrict operations to two or three days a week . 
`` At American cocktail parties everyone 's always looking over your shoulder to see who they can talk to next . 
Rachel Weiss Brookline , Mass . 
National Westminster Bank PLC ( U.K. ) -- 
One investment banker who is n't involved in the deal says SCI TV needs at least $ 50 million of new equity to survive . 
The charges are the culmination of weeks of rumors concerning CDL that have depressed the company 's share price and to a lesser extent the shares of all companies owned by CDL 's controlling Quek family , brokers in Singapore say . 
Alternatively , a separate engine plant may be built as part of GM 's planned tie-up with the British luxury car maker , the sources said . 
UAL Corp. is a good example . 
Program trading on the New York Stock Exchange in September rose to its highest recorded level as a percentage of total monthly trading volume . 
Now he is mounting the steps of a stucco building in a nearby village , on a visit to the Communist administrator , the `` naczelnik . '' 
The 13-week bills mature Feb. 1 , and the 26-week bills mature May 3 , 1990 . 
Sales declined 3 % to $ 524.5 million from $ 539.4 million . 
The date was misstated in Friday 's edition . 
The first analyst said that the Japanese , as well as the Chinese , bought copper earlier in the week in London , but that this purchasing has since slackened as the supply situation , at least over the long term , appears to have improved . 
White-haired Pedro Ramos , at 54 the league 's oldest player and a pitcher-coach with the Suns , has lost even more speed . 
Excluding tax credits , profit was 6 % below the second quarter . 
One Southern California aerospace firm , for example , two months ago asked Location Management to compare the costs of reinforcing its current building against earthquakes with the cost of building a new structure elsewhere . 
Big withdrawals from the junk funds have continued this month . 
Buyers can look forward to double-digit annual returns if they are right . 
`` That is n't consistent with the kind of discipline that Gramm-Rudman is supposed to impose , '' he said . 
Both companies are in the process of negotiating contracts with LTV and others . 
Import growth from the year-earlier months slowed to 16 % in July and 7.1 % in August , compared with an average growth rate of 26 % in the first half . 
The reports , attributed to the Colombian minister of economic development , said Brazil would give up 500,000 bags of its quota and Colombia 200,000 bags , the analyst said . 
Today a President can still send up spending rescissions , but they 're meaningless unless Congress has a guilty conscience and changes its mind . 
The U.S. plan also would ease the transition to freer agriculture trade by allowing some countries to convert non-tariff barriers into tariffs that , together with existing tariffs , then would be phased out over 10 years . 
DIG is the vehicle being used to pursue to acquisition . 
She manages it with the title of general-director . 
He made a special trip to examine U.S. environmental trends because they are often followed in Europe . 
Later , the judge went a step farther . 
The OTS did n't say specifically why the action was taken against Ms. Garman . 
As a result , the effort by some oil ministers to get OPEC to approve a new permanent production-sharing agreement next month is taking on increasing urgency . 
Warner has surpassed Sony as the largest record company , but it does n't have a powerful world-wide record club like CBS . 
China 's top film actress , Liu Xiaoqing , paid $ 4,555 in back taxes and fines in Shandong province , the People 's Daily reported . 
When notoriously independent-minded Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier rejected Paribas 's offer and began buying Paribas shares in retaliation , Mr. Francois-Poncet said , he felt obliged to bid for control . 
Even after divesting itself of $ 120 million of unprofitable business , the new Pinkerton 's will have sales of about $ 610 million this year and operating profit roughly double the industry average of 2%-3 % of sales , says Lloyd Greif of Sutro & Co. in Los Angeles , which arranged the Pinkerton 's acquisition . 
Assets of these and other short-term funds surged more than $ 5 billion in September , the institute said . 
The printing customers that Quebecor will gain through Maxwell Graphics include the Sunday newspaper supplement Parade , Time , Sports Illustrated and TV Guide . 
But Mr. Alexander scuttled the deal at the last minute , angering the plaintiff 's side . 
But an all-out bidding war between the world 's top auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker seems unlikely . 
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . ) 
`` He does n't usually risk that much unless he thinks he has an ace in the hole , '' adds another Steinhardt Partners alumnus . 
IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , remained upbeat . 
In fact , the donors sometimes might be better off giving the money to the panhandler : at least he has no overhead , and he might even be telling the truth . 
The other insiders , all senior or executive vice presidents , sold between 2,520 and 6,881 shares , representing between 8 % and 70 % of their holdings , according to SEC filings . 
He notes that the Marshall Plan of U.S. aid to Europe `` did n't just throw money at post-war Europe , it also liberalized and opened up those markets . '' 
The internal investigation also criticized MiniScribe 's auditors , Coopers & Lybrand , for allegedly ignoring numerous red flags . 
The almanac will be making new friends and enemies on Oct. 27 , when an updated version will be released . 
The surprising discovery of the evening at Fisher was the high standard achieved by some of his now-obscure colleagues , notably Raimondo Boucheron . 
Norwood is controlled by Daniel L. Barnett and Paul A. Reese , both officers of Boston-based Oasis Capital Management Inc. , a small Boston money management firm . 
Kenneth M. Evans , president of Thompson & Formby brand , was named group vice president of the do-it-yourself operating group . 
It led to broad market speculation that Paribas now will sweeten its bid , which is expected to be formally launched later this week , after approval from French government regulators . 
While a buildup of these stocks adds to GNP , it can hurt the economy because a pileup of unsold goods can lead to production cuts and layoffs . 
Industrial output fell 0.1 % in September , the latest sign manufacturing is slowing . 
`` Wedding Song '' gives glimpses of a Cairo that has become so much harsher since his youth , when , as he once said , `` the poorest person was able to find his daily bread and without great difficulty . '' 
Nellcor , a maker of electronic patient monitoring systems , was up 3\/4 to 16 7\/8 on 258,000 shares yesterday , while retailing issue Office Club was unchanged at 10 3\/4 on 65,200 shares . 
Some jobs already have been moved to Australia , and there are plans to place others in Canada . 
The company also has a stock-repurchase plan . 
However , Mr. Davis could pressure the board by asking that the agreement be waived , or letting it be known that he has financing for an offer at a lower price . 
The other bidder is United Illuminating Co. , New Haven , Conn. , with a bid valued at $ 2.2 billion and and a proposal for seven years of 5.5 % rate increases . 
Mr. Mengistu is in an increasingly weak position : Half his army is tied down defending the northern city of Asmara from the Eritreans . 
`` You feel you want one more -- one more at-bat , one more hit , one more game . '' 
The Mexico-United States Institute is glad to see such a high official as Mexico 's undersecretary of finance view his country 's reforms `` in the context of a larger , world-wide process '' of profound change toward free-market economics , especially in the statist countries . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average drifted through the session within a trading range of about 30 points before closing with a gain of 4.92 at 2643.65 . 
The Boeing 727 , en route to Honduras from Costa Rica via Nicaragua , smashed into the hills outside Tegucigalpa as it approached the capital 's airport in high winds and low clouds . 
The aim would be to end the guerrilla war for control of Cambodia by allowing the Khmer Rouge a small share of power . 
The number working at the time of the blast was n't known . 
Its popularity was due to speculation about the strong earnings potential of a new type of plastic wrap for household use , a trader at County Natwest Securities Japan said . 
Questioned in Washington about what would happen if his much-heralded peace plan would fail , President Arias voiced expectations of direct U.S. action . 
And , while the mutinous Fed member has n't gone public , some Fed governors , most notably Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , are known to have disagreed with the chairman 's decision to remain silent . 
In 1988 , Kidder eked out a $ 46 million profit , mainly because of severe cost cutting . 
Late yesterday in New York , the dollar rose to 142.75 yen from 141.80 yen Monday , but fell to 1.8667 marks from 1.8685 marks . 
Sales of electric appliances were flat , and sales of electronic equipment declined slightly . 
`` The last six months has established the quality of the collection . 
Hewlett-Packard is based in Palo Alto , Calif . 
When it was restarted , heat output `` really took off '' and produced excess heat for several hours before dying down , he said . 
Some note that Sony might have saved itself some trouble by just hiring Mr. Guber and letting Mr. Peters stay on to fulfill the Warner contract . 
The year-before loss was $ 8.4 million , or $ 1.36 a common share . 
But they said the C$ 30-a-share bid , which was due to expire Monday , may still be extended or varied . 
Golenbock , with 35 lawyers , has lost several partners during the past year . 
Following the dive in U.S. stocks , the mark has strengthened more than its major counterparts . 
Computer experts familiar with the flaws , found in Intel 's 80486 chip , say the defects do n't affect the average user and are likely to be cleared up before most computers using the chip as their `` brains '' appear on the market sometime next year . 
There is also worry that the Pepper Commission studying long-term health care will again push lawmakers toward employerpaid solutions . 
9.76 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
But analysts caution an expected fall in metal prices next year could slow profit growth . 
The 41-year-old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once-moribund music division in his six years at the company . 
The company has expressed a preference for GM over Ford because GM has promised it would keep Jaguar independent . 
The appeals court said there was no evidence that Congress intended to allow the pension agency to consider a company 's creation of new benefit plans as a basis for ordering that company to reassume liability for old plans . 
But the statistics released yesterday show the firms did nothing of the sort . 
Few petitions , however , have actually delayed or scuttled mergers . 
Editor Hasse Olsson said plans had called for 7,000 copies of the monthly Are Paev ( Business Paper ) to be sold at newsstands and an additional 3,000 promotion issues to be sent by direct mail . 
The joint venture is being undone , with McCall 's magazine being sold last summer to the New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group for about $ 80 million , and Time Warner agreeing to sell back its 50 % interest in Working Woman and Working Mother to Mr. Lang . 
`` So they were surprised and very disappointed by prepayment . '' 
AT&T said the products , unlike previous generations , will meet so-called Sonet compatability standards , which AT&T expects to be broadly adopted . 
The underwriters expect a single-A-minus rating from Standard & Poor 's Corp. , which has the issue under review . 
They 'll go into someone else 's pasture as long as it 's greener than the one they 're in now . '' 
Scott Black , a value-oriented money manager who heads Delphi Management Inc. , points out that for those who invest on fundamentals , `` the value of a stock from day to day does n't change all that much . '' 
That brought the average 's cumulative gain this week to about 114 points . 
Mr. Brooks declined to give his age , but he said his leaving is a normal retirement . 
CBS Sports earned $ 50 million or so last year . 
So the senators must brace themselves . 
So it was n't surprising that Mr. Jones returned to his Arkansas roots when he went looking for a replacement for Mr. Landry . 
His message is getting a chilly reception in Detroit , where the Big Three auto makers are already being forced to close plants because of soft sales and reduced dealer orders . 
Mr. Birnbaum recalls that Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters shifted into high gear a few years back upon learning that they had competition for the story of the murdered naturalist Dian Fossey , which became `` Gorillas in the Mist . '' 
Nevertheless , Salomon 's stock fell $ 1.125 yesterday to close at $ 23.25 a share in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
He did n't stop until he got to Jackson Hole , Wyo . 
Still , this does n't mean that either the government or the ANC is changing stripes -- or that either has moved significantly closer to the other . 
Kerr-McGee Corp. said it will spend $ 42 million to purchase land and relocate its ammonium perchlorate storage facility to Clark County , Nev. , from Henderson , Nev . 
Unlike the other nations of the bloc , East Germany is a creature of the Cold War . 
At the firm 's annual meeting last night , he told shareholders that index arbitrage wo n't go away , despite the public outcry . 
Child care was one of the many `` extraneous '' bills pulled out of the Senate 's reconciliation bill last Friday . 
Interest rates generally began declining last spring after moving steadily upward for more than a year . 
Capitalism may now be engineered to withstand sudden shocks , but there are fault lines -- the crisis in profits , the assault on wages , the structural inequity of the system -- that make fools of those who claim that the future is here and that history is over . 
Mr. Maynard initially won approval for his machine to be used at egg-processing facilities regulated by the USDA 's Food Safety Inspection Service . 
Competition and mounting insurance and equipment costs have been the undoing of many resorts . 
Generally , the Bush administration expressed satisfaction with the economy 's progress as it heads into its eighth year of sustained growth next month . 
Even if it unites for the elections , its coherence is likely to be temporary . 
The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing on Jan. 25 , 1990 , and April 26 , 1990 , respectively . 
Meanwhile , surviving Texas banking institutions are busily pitching themselves as the only lenders who truly care about the state . 
Since 1979 , the number of motel rooms has fallen by 17,000 . 
For the prior year , deposits exceeded withdrawals by $ 8.8 billion . 
Despite the number of fans that office massage has won , some purists look down on it , arguing that naked , full-body rubs are the only way to go . 
But it has n't worked out that way . 
Mr. Tomlin , among other things , illegally provided Mr. Lavelle with inside information and documents intended to give Sperry an unfair advantage in the competition , the documents said . 
`` It 's a double-edged sword though , because it is also the most contagious kind of hepatitis . '' 
No ? 
General Electric Capital Corp. 's Monogram Bank USA acquired a Visa and MasterCard portfolio from Commercial Federal Savings & Loan Association , an Omaha , Neb. , unit of Commercial Federal Corp. of Omaha . 
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product-related lawsuits , as well . 
The French analysis goes further . 
While bond investors would have preferred growth to be a little slower , they were cheered by inflation measures in the data that showed prices rising at a modest annual rate of 2.9 % . 
Bids totaling $ 475 million were submitted . 
`` The blood flows to your head , you feel lightheaded and you do n't feel tension around the head or neck , '' says Minnie Morey , an operations supervisor at the Social Security office in Grand Rapids , Mich. , where massages began last month . 
The figures , due for release Friday , are expected to show an uptick in inflation to 4.8 % from 4.7 % in August . 
The Swedish publishing company Bonniers owns 51 % of Are Paev , and the Estonian management company Minor owns 49 % . 
Brooks Brothers hopes that shaking its time-honored traditions will attract more young men and more women and change consumer perceptions about its range of merchandise . 
Disabled Americans have had their civil rights guaranteed in all federally funded programs since Section 504 was passed as a part of the 1973 Rehabilitation Act . 
These programs vary widely , but often require second opinions on proposed surgery , preadmission reviews of elective hospitalizations and reviews of treatment during illnesses or recovery periods . 
Save the sequester , and let Washington scream . 
Japanese Reverse Tack On Patent Protection 
Yet nothing about `` Baker Boys , '' and certainly nothing about Ms. Pfeiffer , really is like something from the video vault . 
As a result , BankAmerica said its reserve against troubled foreign-country loans , once below 25 % , now amounts to 45 % of the $ 6.4 billion of non-trade debt it calculates it is owed by those nations . 
But he never took an official position on the bill and has steadfastly maintained that he already has enough authority to deal with buy-outs . 
Earlier this month , Milton Roy signed a letter of intent to acquire Automated Custom Systems Inc. , Orange , Calif. , and its sister operation , Environmental Testing Co. , in Aurora , Colo . 
Mr. Melloan 's column was right on the money , but I wish it could have gone one step further . 
As a money manager and a grass-roots environmentalist , I was very disappointed to read in the premiere issue of Garbage that The Wall Street Journal uses 220,000 metric tons of newsprint each year , but that only 1.4 % of it comes from recycled paper . 
Rubbermaid Inc. , reflecting strong earnings growth , boosted its quarterly dividend 18 % , to 13 cents a share from 11 cents . 
`` It takes three months to turn copper concentrate into cathodes , '' he said . 
It 's as if investors , the past few days , are betting that something is going to go wrong -- even if they do n't know what . 
The slow-growing mainframe market also has shown new signs of life lately . 
AMR had also sought to foil Mr. Trump in Congress by lobbying for legislation that would have bolstered the authority of the Transportation Department to reject airline buy-outs . 
How was the West won ? 
Seeking a middle path between opponents of change and radicals who demand overnight solutions , the article advocates what it calls a `` radical-moderate approach . '' 
`` If there 's any coincidence about the departures it 's that they are leaving at a time when the business is in reasonably good shape and going forward very well . '' 
Goodson , which is based here , will use part of the proceeds to pay down debt associated with its purchase of the Morristown Daily Record for $ 155 million in 1987 . 
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said . 
`` Entrepreneurs do n't rush to get into a stagnant or declining industry . '' 
Mr. Bush has struck a deal with congressional leaders to provide nonlethal aid to the Contras until Nicaragua holds national elections next February . 
Gases containing CFCs are pumped into polyurethane to make the foam used in pillows , upholstery and insulation . 
As in the Oct. 13 massacre , yesterday morning 's drop was triggered by bad news for speculators in UAL . 
`` This is the heyday of debt , '' says James Grant , editor of Grant 's Interest Rate Observer , a newsletter . 
GDP is the total value of a nation 's output of goods and services . 
Merrill 's index arbitragers will continue to do other kinds of computer-assisted program trading , so there probably wo n't be any layoffs at the firm , people familiar with Merrill 's program operation said . 
But while IRS computers focus routinely on target groups like these , the agency has assigned many agents to special projects that need more personal attention . 
Yet , late last year , Congress effectively reversed this decision by enacting a one-sentence statute that defined fraud to include any scheme to deprive another of `` the intangible right of honest services . '' 
Millicom Inc. , offering of $ 60 million subordinated exchangeable debentures , via Bear , Stearns & Co. Inc . 
The ad campaign , created by Saatchi & Saatchi 's Backer Spielvogel Bates agency , is an extension of the auto company 's `` Cars That Make Sense '' campaign , which emphasized affordability . 
Christmas falls on a Monday , creating a big last-minute weekend opportunity for stores . 
Some Mobil executives were dismayed that a reference to the cutbacks was included in the earnings report before workers were notified . 
But traders who watch the stocks warned the rise may be yet another `` one-day phenomenon . '' 
The Guber-Peters duo have 50 projects in various stages of development and production at Warner , including `` Bonfire of the Vanities '' and `` A Bright Shining Lie . '' 
The last time all three companies reported North American automotive losses was in the recession year of 1982 . 
I just felt another aftershock a few seconds ago . 
For the first six months , wholesale sales rose 12.3 % from the year before , reflecting to a 11.5 % jump in domestic sales and a 14.6 % boost in foreign sales . 
The latest government figures said retail prices in September were up 7.6 % from a year earlier . 
Led by Pizza Hut and Taco Bell , restaurant earnings increased about 25 % in the third quarter on a 22 % sales increase . 
During the first hour of trading yesterday , prices fell as much as 1\/4 point , or down about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
The southern unemployment rate rose to 21.3 % in July from 21.2 % in April and from 20.6 % a year earlier . 
Depicting the people of a traumatized city reeling from a disaster of unprecedented proportions was at the very best ludicrous under the circumstances . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.40 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.325 % 45 to 59 days ; 8.10 % 60 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.85 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.70 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.375 % 180 to 270 days . 
Traders said hedging related to the TVA pricing also pressured Treasury bonds . 
Actually there is a consensus somewhere on sanctions : In May a Gallup Poll found that most South African blacks , 85 % , oppose economic sanctions . 
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading . 
There is doubt that the change would accomplish much but at least Congress , as in 1935 , would be doing something . 
Other lawmakers are busy trying to revive the recently lapsed Paperwork Reduction Act , which many feel benefited small enterprises . 
A former Sperry Corp. marketing executive , admitting his role in the Pentagon procurement scandal , pleaded guilty to bribery and conspiracy charges for helping funnel $ 400,000 to a midlevel Navy acquisition official during the early 1980s . 
`` Rates have n't really peeled off that much , '' Mr. Regalia said . 
The Japanese company said the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino antitrust act for the $ 3.4 billion bid for Columbia and the $ 200 million offer for Guber-Peters expired Monday . 
The company 's strategy for keeping its computer products business profitable -- it recently achieved profitability after several quarters of losses -- calls for a narrow focus and a lid on expenses . 
Typically , the input energy ranges from a third of a watt to one watt and the excess energy is measured in tenths of a watt . 
The Federal National Mortgage Association said 39 lenders across the U.S. have agreed to offer home loans under Fannie Mae 's pilot program for elderly people . 
U.S. and northern European diplomats confirm Mr. Korotich 's assessment that glasnost is in no immediate danger . 
Cipher Data said Mr. Marinaro consequently has resigned from those posts and from the company 's board . 
Paribas said it will bid 1,850 francs a share for Navigation Mixte shares that qualify for a full yearly dividend , and 1,800 francs for those created July 1 , which are eligible for partial dividends . 
But some dealers are negotiating looser terms , while others decline to deal at all . 
The Democratic appointee has n't been determined , the official said . 
But in acquiring Guber-Peters Entertainment , Sony will actually get a piece of the profits from `` Batman , '' since the publicly held concern gets certain revenue from the movies Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters produce . 
If a deal can be made to cut the world 's Ortegas loose from Moscow , why not ? 
A recent study for the Federal Aviation Administration found that major airlines sometimes make flight attendants work 16 hours or more straight -- despite union contracts at some airlines limiting duty time to 14 hours . 
I trusted in his lordship 's wisdom ... . 
White House Budget Director Richard Darman has said he would continue to press to keep the capital-gains provision in the final version of the bill unless the House drops many of its costly provisions . 
Net income , however , rose 3.7 % to 107.87 billion yen from 103.98 billion yen . 
The project will be the largest U.S.-backed joint venture to be undertaken in the Soviet Union in recent years . 
Since last week 's junk-bond market debacle , many new issues of high-yield , high-risk corporate bonds have either been scaled back , delayed or dropped . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from May 8 , 1991 , through Oct. 8 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 75 % to 85 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 18 . 
A lot of taxpayers out there are n't as paranoid as one might think . 
His was one of two research teams in 1984 to report dual chromosome losses for a rare childhood cancer of the kidney called Wilm 's tumor . 
The prices of most soybean and soybean-meal futures contracts rose amid rumors that the Soviet Union is interested in buying from the U.S. or South America about 250,000 metric tons of soybeans and as many as 400,000 metric tons of soybean meal . 
Dealers say the budding trade in Mr. Jackson 's canceled checks is unusual . 
In addition , Unisys must deal with its increasingly oppressive debt load . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks . 
America West would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases . 
Authorities in Algeria said the toll from two earthquakes Sunday had reached at least 30 dead and about 250 injured . 
`` Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg 's corn-based lines simply because they are made of oats , '' says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire . 
Drexel 's efforts to settle its legal troubles are being resisted by at least 10 states . 
Similar proposals were defeated in at least 15 other states . 
More stable industries were to build an economically viable infrastructure for the Moon movement in North America , as they had in Japan and South Korea . 
While Georgia-Pacific 's stock has outperformed the market in the past two years , Nekoosa has lagged the market in the same period . 
Revenue was reduced $ 33 million by three extraordinary items : a California Public Utilities Commission refund for an American Telephone & Telegraph Co. billing adjustment ; a provision for productivity sharing to be paid to customers in 1990 and a one-time accrual for a toll settlement with long-distance telephone companies . 
`` All this has really established is that MCA and the Bronfmans have agreed on a price at which they can be bought out , '' said Jeffery Logsdon , an analyst with Crowell , Weedon in Los Angeles . 
Business was slow because many companies were closed yesterday . 
The Tax Court is n't expected to rule before early next year . 
`` You ca n't say it 's a `` tsunami '' ( tidal wave ) , but we 're making some headway , '' says Fannie Mae 's chairman , David O. Maxwell , who visits Tokyo at least once a year to explain and drum up investor interest in mortgage securities . 
Companies get more political clout plus a possible tax-deductible charitable donation -- so far no word from the IRS on deductibility . 
ABC says it is aware of the producers ' action , but the mailing was sent without the network 's blessing . 
Many contend that the report may overstate the economy 's health and predict the third-quarter figures may be the last vigorous statistics for some time to come . 
And the ratio of installment debt to disposable personal income -- personal income after taxes -- has hit a high of about 18 1\/2 % . 
Among the targets of the Big Board companies ' campaign will be some corporate pension funds that use program-trading strategies to maximize returns on their investments . 
But Democratic Sen. Bennett Johnson of Louisiana reminded the little band that anti-Bork blacks and women could furnish the margin to punish them in their next Senate elections . 
The outbreaks were traced to staphylococcus aureus , a type of bacteria that produces a toxin capable of surviving the high temperatures used in canning vegetables . 
Travelers and other insurers have maintained that cleanup costs are n't damages and thus are n't covered under commercial policies . 
For Akzo 's drug business , where profits have shown litle change for the past five years , Mr. Bergsma predicted moderate profit growth . 
The shift wo n't affect operations . 
Ballooning at the de rigueur hour of 6 a.m. held all the attraction for most people of sunrise root-canal work . 
The employees also said the project may have been snagged by budgetary concerns . 
Not everyone is worried , however . 
Maxicare 's public shareholders will receive 2 % of the new company 's stock and warrants entitling them to acquire as much as an additional 5 % of the stock on a fully-diluted basis . 
Campeau 's financial situation is complicated by an estimated $ 1.23 billion in debt due next spring . 
Somewhere in between there must be a golden mean , perhaps measured by M-Whatever , but perhaps measured by purchasing power parity . 
The Socialists held 184 seats going into the balloting . 
Losses at El Dorado Investment Co. , the venture-capital operation , widened to $ 6.8 million from $ 425,000 a year earlier . 
His new forecast calls for `` a soft landing . '' 
Still , he says , `` it 's no bad thing '' if all the marketing prods people into putting aside a little more . 
Bourbon exporters have succeeded in Japan where other industries have failed , avoiding cultural hitches in marketing and distribution by allying themselves with local agents . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Sony also said two more suits have been filed opposing the company 's agreement to buy Columbia . 
But the talks on a heavy truck alliance apparently did n't go far . 
The parties are currently negotiating over who would manage the building , which will be emptied of 6,000 employees from Sears ' merchandise group , which is moving elsewhere . 
`` Producers at the moment regard that area a good one in which to sell gold . '' 
A group of United 's noncontract employees said in a statement , `` The fact that Wolf and other officers were going to line their pockets with literally millions of dollars while instituting severe pay cuts on the nonunion employees of United is not only deplorable but inexcusable . '' 
Rates for the Wall Street Journal Reports will remain unchanged . 
But it marks a big change for the Japanese , who shunned mortgage securities after getting burned by a big downturn in interest rates a few years back . 
Lotus Development Corp. is in talks to sell its Signal stock-quote service to Infotechnology Inc. , the New York parent of Financial News Network , people familiar with the negotiations said . 
Executives at Nekoosa could n't be reached , and officials at Georgia Pacific declined to comment . 
`` When you 're at the club , you ask whether they 've spoken to ` G . ' 
According to the NHTSA , the new regulations will prohibit anyone other than an importer that has registered with the U.S. government , or a person who has a contract with a registered importer , from permanently importing a vehicle that does n't meet the U.S. auto safety standards . 
He is also trying to get more stations in Mexico , where the Cowboys have a following , to pick up the games . 
Last week , a unit of MNC Financial Corp. offered $ 268 million of home-equity securities . 
When interest rates have dropped , it makes sense for corporations to do just that ; they then save on interest costs . 
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit-card securities are the first with a 10-year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues . 
Western Union had offered to swap each $ 1,000 face amount of the notes for six shares of common stock and two new debt issues : a $ 500 note paying an interest rate starting at 16.75 % annually and rising in later years , due in 1992 , and a $ 500 note , due in 1997 , paying a fixed rate of 17 % and including rights protecting a holder against a decline in the trading price of the bond . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : Gehl Co. , initial public offering of two million shares of common stock , of which 1,450,635 shares are being offered by the company and 549,365 shares by holders , via Blunt , Ellis & Loewi Inc. and Robert W. Baird & Co . 
Blair Entertainment , a New York firm that advises TV stations and sells ads for them , has just formed a subsidiary -- 900 Blair -- to apply the technology to television . 
Long-term bonds , with many years left before maturity , swing more widely in price . 
Gregory Bessemer , who came in second in the stock division of the recently completed U.S. Trading Championship , says he uses fill-or-kill orders almost exclusively when trading options . 
Litigation consulting had arrived . 
Valley National 's slide of 5 3\/4 points to 18 1\/2 on 4.2 million shares followed its report late Wednesday of a $ 72.2 million third-quarter loss . 
That could make it tricky for investors who need to sell their holdings quickly before the securities mature . 
In recent years , unions and community groups have won big commitments from banks to make low-interest loans in certain neighborhoods by threatening to hold up proposed acquisitions with protests to the Fed about reinvestment act compliance . 
The Eurodollar bond market sprang to life late in the European trading session after the Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled . 
Other nations are n't sure how many weapons they have in their own arsenals . 
It began in 1973 , when he was being considered for deputy mayor , and a routine check unearthed the extraordinary fact that he had n't paid his income tax for the previous four years . 
After he had been head of the company for 3 1\/2 years , he and his partners sold it to Phibro , a powerful commodity trading outfit , for $ 550 million in Phibro stock . 
`` Buy stocks on weakness for their long-term fundamentals , '' he says . 
Heiwa Real Estate gained 40 to 2210 . 
Advertisers are showing interest . 
The German stock index tumbled 26.29 to end at 
Beyond that , it has to compete with West Germany for a claim to the German identity . 
`` Bond investors were hoping that stock prices would continue to fall , '' said Roger Early , a vice president at Federated Investors Inc. , Pittsburgh . 
The largest purchase was by Dudley Taft , who bought 4,400 shares for $ 125,075 . 
The two West German electronics concerns said they have set up European Power Semiconductor Co. to merge their activities in the field . 
The practice is common at catalog , insurance and phone companies , banks and telemarketers , according to trade groups and worker organizations . 
Is the market up or down ? '' 
In 1977 , Mrs. Gandhi was thrown out of office after her 19-month emergency rule , and in 1980 , after her successors made a mess of their three years in power , she was restored to office . 
The company said the water will be called Coors Rocky Mountain Sparkling Water and will come from the same mountain spring as water used in Coors beer . 
In the latest nine months , the company earned $ 8.5 million , or $ 1.03 a share . 
Under the plan , Costa Rica will buy back roughly 60 % of its bank debt outstanding at a deeply discounted price , according to officials involved in the agreement . 
Hector Castaneda Jimenez , chief prosecutor at the Attorney General 's Office , said that an estimated $ 82.8 million in government property and unpaid taxes have been recovered in the campaign to root out official corruption . 
Explains a Sotheby 's spokeswoman , the statement `` means exactly what it says . 
Fresenius owns about 42 % of Delmed 's fully diluted common stock . 
In addition , HealthVest said Bank of Tokyo Trust Co. also has notified it of a default and said it might take action to cure the default . 
The Menlo Park , Calif. , company said net was $ 7.4 million , or 22 cents a share , down from $ 32.3 million , or 86 cents a share , a year ago . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters rub many people in Hollywood the wrong way . 
A$ 50 million of 17 1\/2 % Eurobonds due Dec. 4 , 1991 , priced at 101.95 to yield 17.06 less fees via Westpac Banking Corp . 
Friday 's auction will be limited to $ 150 million disbursed by the Central Bank to potential investors . 
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status . 
Occidental said oil and gas earnings fell to $ 17 million from $ 20 million . 
`` While the overall picture is very encouraging , significant corporate tax avoidance continues , '' the study said . 
Even some lawyers who have used consultants to their advantage see a need to limit their impact . 
Industry analysts in Europe said the most likely suitor for Saab now is Fiat . 
Chiron , another pharmaceutical concern , is based in Emeryville , Calif . 
Mr. Junius said Nashua 's `` intention is to remain an independent public company . '' 
The coating segment also posted higher sales particularly in North America and Europe . 
But even that is disputed by Manufacturers Hanover which , in alliance with the IRS , contends that Minpeco has already collected more than its actual damages from other defendants in the silver-conspiracy case . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Renaissance , a Cincinnati-based money manager , began buying stocks again this week with half of the $ 1.8 billion that it oversees for clients , according to people familiar with the firm 's revised strategy . 
Now he can go further . 
It 's currently forced to turn away many potential subscribers beyond the 13,000 who can be accommodated in its present digs . 
GM confirmed Friday that it received permission late Thursday from U.S. antitrust regulators to increase its Jaguar holdings past the $ 15 million level . 
`` It liquefies in a patchwork quilt pattern . 
Retired army Chief of Staff Krishnaswami Sundarji discloses in an interview that he suggested in May 1987 that the government cancel the Bofors contract . 
Once he was held for three months without being charged . 
Earlier this year , Texas Air 's Eastern Airlines filed for bankruptcy . 
`` Insitutional investors , on the other hand , reacted to the steep decline in yields on direct money-market instruments following the stock-market decline last Friday , '' Mr. Dreyer said . 
Texas simply pumped harder . 
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days . 
The legendary GM chairman declared that his company would make `` a car for every purse and purpose . '' 
Darkness fell . 
Westinghouse expects to meet its corporate goals despite a softening in the economy . 
H. Anthony Ittleson was elected a director of this company , which primarily has interests in radio and television stations , increasing the number of seats to five . 
Also , some policy illustrations assume that mortality costs will decline or that I will get some sort of dividend bonus after the 10th year . 
But some bond market analysts said that could quickly change if property casualty insurance companies scramble to sell portions of their municipal portfolios to raise cash to pay damage claims . 
Last week the British displayed unusual political immaturity . 
Kemper Financial Services Inc. , charging that program trading is ruining the stock market , cut off four big Wall Street firms from doing any of its stock-trading business . 
Mr. Dinkins concedes nothing in his ability to stumble and bumble . 
Output in the capital-goods sector was ahead 0.9 % on a monthly basis and 2.7 % year on year . 
The pilots are working under an expired contract , and the machinists contract expires next month . 
In principle , they will enable doctors to check the body 's motor system the way an electrician tests a home 's electrical circuits by running current through them . 
In a sign of easing tension between Beijing and Hong Kong , China said it will again take back illegal immigrants caught crossing into the British colony . 
The seventh child of a store owner in Aichi prefecture , Mr. Morishita started out in the textile business . 
In the transaction , Integrated will transfer 100 % ownership of the subsidiary to Gerard M. Lavin , executive vice president of Integrated and head of back-office operations at the subsidiary , and Gary W. Krat , executive vice president of the parent and president of the subsidiary . 
Senshukai has a 60 % stake in the venture and Nissho Iwai has the rest . 
Derek Alun-Jones , Ferranti 's chairman , has said he hoped to pursue legal action against those responsible . 
And before the week was out , Sony had offered Mr. Guber and his partner , Jon Peters , the most lucrative employment contracts in the history of the movie business . 
Catherine Adams , the Beebes ' lawyer , said the verdict would not discourage other plaintiffs from filing such suits . 
The mergers and acquisitions market has been a saving grace for the industry , but uncertainties are beginning to mount even there . 
Much of the money has been switched into money market funds , fund executives say . 
Investors and professionals alike would compete on the level playing field Congress sought and called a `` national market system '' ( not yet achieved ) almost 15 years ago when it passed the Securities Reform Act of 1975 . 
Butch McCarty , who sells oil-field equipment for Davis Tool Co. , is also busy . 
Volatility is here to stay . '' 
`` Deep Peace '' also featured a slide show of lovely but predictable images of clouds , beaches , deserts , sunsets , etc . 
Broad acceptance of Next 's computer also is hindered by difficulty in distributing software for it . 
Health Care Property Investors Inc. , offering of 2,250,000 shares of common stock , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
Gray was advised by Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch . 
In any case , many franchisees , in order to stay on good terms with franchisers , routinely go along with promotions . 
Kitchen full of broken crystal . 
Although such sessions may never replace coffee breaks , on-site massage , as it is known in the trade , is certainly infiltrating corporate America . 
Mr. Grauer said $ 2 billion of that is used in active index arbitrage . 
When the computer says switch , Renaissance switches . 
Among the issues the board will examine is whether United Airlines , a unit of UAL Corp. , should have been able to detect the cracks through maintenance checks . 
They still are . 
This limits his financial exposure , he says . 
But university computer specialists , who welcomed the move , called it a necessary retreat from the cutting edge of technology and one that 's likely to increase Next 's sales on campuses . 
We sympathize with Mrs. Thatcher 's reluctance to tie her currency to one governed by the domestic political imperatives of West Germany . 
Most people said they exercise both for health and enjoyment . 
He farms 12 acres in Grabowiec , two miles from the Soviet border in one of Poland 's poorest places . 
The two surveys , which asked different questions , were conducted using national random probability samples . 
L.J. Hooker 's planned sale of Merksamer is subject to approval by Judge Tina Brozman of U.S. Bankruptcy Court . 
In an interview a few months ago , he recalled how after some training at Salomon Brothers Inc. , he successfully bid for the opportunity to sell portions of 20 U.S. corporate bond issues . 
Sir Geoffrey Howe , deputy prime minister and a Lawson ally on the EMS , has signaled he will continue pressing for early membership . 
Mr. Edelman could n't be reached for comment . 
Conasupo Director Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez said the agency will sell 589 midsized supermarkets and several food-production plants and warehouses beginning early next year . 
The information company also cited the stronger dollar , the sale last year of its former Official Airline Guides unit and other factors . 
When properly applied , the adhesive is designed to retain the windshield in place in a crash test at 30 miles per hour . 
`` This is an opportune time to find mutual ways { to prevent } price shocks from happening again , '' he says . 
Britain 's economy `` is developing rapidly toward no-growth , '' says J. Paul Horne , international economist with Smith Barney , Harris Upham Co. in Paris . 
Here , wedged between shifting dunes and pounding waves at the world 's most inhospitable diamond dig , lies the earth 's most precious jewel box . 
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said . 
`` You do n't make any real money . '' 
The advance felt more like a technical bounce , he said . 
With ballots from most of the state 's major cities in by yesterday morning , the Republicans came away with 10 % of the vote in several of the key districts . 
Buying 51 % of Rockefeller Group Inc. is right up Mitsubishi Estate Co. 's alley in one sense : The huge Japanese real estate company is entering a long-term relationship with a similarly conservative U.S. owner of tony urban property . 
TW notes , as many junk issuers do , that `` adjusted to eliminate non-cash charges '' TW would have run a cash surplus -- in this case , of $ 56 million over six months . 
Richard Buckley said Stevric 's acquisition of Arby 's `` would allow seasoned franchisers and food-service operators , with no conflicts of interest , to stabilize franchisee relations and properly refocus the company 's energies toward growth . 
`` It 's a wait-and-see situation right now , '' says Terry McGowan , president . 
Despite all these innovations , most of the diamonds are still found in the sand swept away by the men wielding shovels and brushes -- the ignominiously named `` bedrock sweepers '' who toil in the wake of the excavators . 
Using the the NWA takeover as a benchmark , First Boston on Sept. 14 estimated that UAL was worth $ 250 to $ 344 a share based on UAL 's results for the 12 months ending last June 30 , but only $ 235 to $ 266 based on a management estimate of results for 1989 . 
Despite politicians ' hand-wringing about the federal budget , the government ended fiscal 1989 with a $ 152.08 billion deficit , about the same as the two previous years . 
Two more securities firms bowed to the outcry over program trading . 
If the Soviets want to be believed , they need to start telling the truth about more than the totally obvious . 
Amtrak said it suspended train service into its Oakland station , which sustained `` heavy structural damage '' during the quake . 
Well , thousands of Californians on the scene insisted the ammo had been uselessly aimed at a large , hardy UFO , but you will just have to make your own decision about such sightings . 
LEBANESE LAWMAKERS APPROVED a peace plan but Aoun rejected it . 
Nearly seven of 10 investors think companies reinvest `` too little '' of their profits in the business . 
The debentures may be converted into common stock of the Westborough , Mass. , home health care concern at $ 52.50 a share . 
In his `` Measure , '' Mr. Boyd has `` modernized '' the pimps and prostitutes of Vienna whom Angelo is supposed to bring under control by converting them into transvestites , punk rockers and heavy metal types , with a strong emphasis on leather , chains and porno-inspired costumes . 
The company does n't wait until the final hours to get ready for hurricanes . 
Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing and head aching from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches and come home covered with tar and oil ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese and use of chemicals in fruit growing . 
Why , he used to lay in wait for Cap ; suddenly he 'd leap from behind some statue of Marshall onto Cap 's chest and grab him by the throat and choke him till he coughed up an additional $ 2 billion or so . 
Wilbur Ross , financial adviser to the equity holders said , `` Given the state 's strong bargaining position ... we believe the NU plan provides the best recovery available '' to PS of New Hampshire 's equity holders . 
`` We made our own decision , '' he said . 
Charles Nathan , co-head of mergers and acquisitions at Salomon Brothers Inc. , says it is natural for banks to try to expand beyond their bread-and-butter business of providing senior debt for buy-outs . 
NewsEdge uses an FM radio band to carry news wires provided by Reuters , McGraw-Hill and Dow Jones & Co. , as well as PR Newswire , which carries corporate press releases . 
Give television a chance to cover live any breaking of the law , and no second invitation will be required . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Now , he said , a slowdown in economic activity has slackened demand . 
Walter Kirchberger , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc. , said that offering holders a higher , $ 70-a-share price is `` a fairly effective method of blocking '' the Stena-Tiphook bid . 
KKR already has made about $ 1 billion of gains from earlier transactions with SCI TV , thus it is n't significantly affected by the company 's troubles . 
Alfred Harrison , the manager , shoves Mr. Straszheim 's handout back at him : `` Do we want to go through this ? 
Adm. Goupil , a former Crusader squadron leader , said that the last other country to use Crusaders , the Philippines , retired its last ones two years ago . 
It is considered an early signal of Fed credit policy changes . 
At that point , perhaps diversification would be appropriate . '' 
For the sixth time in as many years , Continental Airlines has a new senior executive . 
All three major creditors -- the IRS , Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover -- voted against and effectively doomed a reorganization plan proposed by Mr. Hunt . 
Besides the Machinists pact , accords representing 30,000 of the company 's engineering and technical employees in the Puget Sound and Wichita , Kan. , areas expire in early December . 
Morrison Knudsen Corp. posted third-quarter net income of $ 7.9 million , or 69 cents a share , continuing a rebound from steep year-ago losses . 
Convex also recently agreed to use Posix , a standard for the computer language called UNIX . 
The computer giant , whose U.S. results have been dismal for years , noted that revenue rose again in the U.S. in the third quarter , following an increase in the second period . 
This fall , for example , L'Oreal Group , ordinarily a high-end line , rolled out a drug-store line of skin-care products called Plenitude , which retail for $ 5 to $ 15 . 
Ohbayashi was up 60 to close at 1,680 , Shimizu gained 50 to 2,120 , and Kumagai-Gumi advanced 40 to 1,490 . 
Today , trading in almost any commodity can be diverted from U.S. markets with just a few strokes of a keyboard . 
These development grants mainly enrich developers who want to put up shopping centers and parking garages . 
IBM 's traditional mainframe rivals , including Unisys Corp. , Control Data Corp. and NCR Corp. , have struggled recently . 
Last week CBS Inc. canceled `` The People Next Door . '' 
During that time , a buyer with the clout of a Renaissance could end up driving up the price of stocks it was trying to buy if it tipped its hand . 
In what has become a series of bad-news announcements , the world 's largest maker of supercomputers said that after reviewing its order prospects , `` we have concluded it is prudent to plan for next year on the assumption that revenue again will be flat . '' 
`` Up until now the courts have said it is not their role to supervise the foreign country 's courts , '' said Jacques Semmelman , the assistant U.S. attorney on the case . 
But the plant was able to resume limited production of its Toyota Corollas and Geo Prizms by 6 a.m. yesterday , and absenteeism was only 7 % of the work force , about twice normal . 
It was also in law school that Mr. O'Kicki and his first wife had the first of seven daughters . 
The arbs may recoup some of their paper losses if the UAL deal gets patched up again , as they did in 1982 when Occidental Petroleum Co. rescued them with a $ 4 billion takeover of Cities Service . 
The result is that some franchisees are running hard just to stay even , laying off middle managers and working harder to make less . 
The program 's nonprofit sponsors received $ 900,000 in fiscal 1989 through an Extension Service grant , but Mr. Whitten has been adamant in insisting that the program be cut in 1990 . 
Comprehensive Care shareholders have approved acquisition of the developer and operator of Care-Unit chemical dependency and psychiatric programs for about $ 58 million in cash , notes and stock of First Hospital , Norfolk , Va . 
You might not find one in the ` Jurisprudence ' column . 
Thereafter , the rate will be renegotiated . 
The chamber voted 69-26 Friday to convict the judge of perjury and bribery conspiracy . 
Beech Aircraft Corp. , a unit of Raytheon Co. , received an $ 11.5 million Air Force contract for C-12 aircraft support . 
Tokyu Construction gained 170 to 1610 . 
Managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks headed by First Boston Corp. and co-managed by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Morgan Stanley & Co. , and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
A dollar invested in the stock market in 1926 would have grown to $ 473.29 by the end of last June , according to Laurence Siegel , managing director at Ibbotson Associates Inc . 
Norman Berry , the creative executive who was apparently squeezed out of Ogilvy & Mather in June , is returning to Ogilvy 's parent company , WPP Group PLC . 
In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year . 
PANDA : 
The remaining four trustees on the Claimants Trust have 60 days to nominate a successor to Mr. Saltzburg . 
Volume totaled 11,820,000 shares . 
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say . 
The president was said to have been noncommittal . 
Mr. Alito said his office `` just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . '' 
Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal , published and printed in Hong Kong and also printed in Singapore and Tokyo , will rise 8 % . 
The suit , assigned to federal Judge Kimba Wood , seeks a permanent injunction , back pay for judges who have been forced to retire , reinstatement of retired judges and `` other affirmative relief necessary to eradicate the effects of ( New York 's ) unlawful employment practices . '' 
Of heart-pounding moments there were nearly none , and whether this has to do with Mr. Kleiber or the wooden cast is hard to say . 
Mr. Baker found an opening under the house that led to a fume-filled coal mine . 
The New York market made its high for the day on the opening and when it dropped below the $ 1.23-a-pound level , selling picked up as previous buyers bailed out of their positions and aggressive short sellers -- anticipating further declines -- moved in . 
Denis C. Smith was named to the new post of vice president of world-wide advanced materials operations for this chemicals concern . 
Japan has found another safe outlet for its money : U.S. home mortgages . 
`` It helps us , and people feel better talking to someone who 's gone through the same thing , '' an SBA official says . 
Orders for military equipment , household appliances , machinery and other goods expected to last at least three years dipped 0.1 % last month , to $ 126.68 billion , after leaping 3.9 % in August , the department said . 
That level is about the same as some other big banks , but far below the 85 % and 100 % reserves of Bankers Trust New York Corp. and J.P. Morgan & Co. , respectively . 
`` While Mr. Reuter 's comments please us very much , there currently are no talks in progress regarding the automotive industry , '' a Fiat spokeswoman said . 
Many factors besides a dread of 1997 will have a bearing on Hong Kong 's economy . 
It 's like doing a documentary on apartheid and insisting that equal time be given to how terrific white South Africans are . 
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . '' 
The New York Mercantile Exchange , the world 's chief oil futures marketplace , is at a critical juncture . 
Mr. Jath is thinking of passing up psyllium altogether this year in favor of a crop with a future such as cumin or fennel . 
The 1989 Americans With Disabilities Act is about eliminating discriminatory barriers . 
Their commitment to `` creativity '' can not survive adolescent illiteracy . 
Imports of crude from the Middle East grew 17 % from year-earlier levels , and Southeast Asian crude imports grew 43 % . 
In addition , IBM noted that the stronger dollar has cut the value of overseas revenue and earnings when they are translated into dollars . 
A quake that measures two on the Richter is n't twice as severe as a `` one '' -- it 's 10 times worse . 
Wall Street executives said they believed that Renaissance 's $ 900 million buy program was carried out by PaineWebber Inc . 
The TVA 's public debt offering was its first in 15 years . 
Rally 's also said it formed a committee of three directors , who are n't associated with either the Patterson or Sugarman groups , to analyze the situation . 
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply . 
Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , whose $ 275-a-share offer was rejected by UAL 's board , has n't shown signs of pursuing a $ 300-a-share back-up bid he made last month . 
Despite a history of heated local debate on the topic , my passport clearly reads `` British citizen . '' 
The new manager will face the daunting task of leasing 1.8 million square feet in a relatively soft Chicago real estate market . 
The company has been manufacturing carpet since 1967 . 
I was an eyewitness of the most newsworthy event on the planet at that moment . 
The Food and Drug Administration banned all imports of mushrooms from China in response to a rash of food-poisoning outbreaks linked to canned Chinese mushrooms . 
Meanwhile , sterling slumped on news that the United Kingdom posted a wider-than-expected trade deficit in September . 
-- Marrill J. Pederson . 
Risk wears many disguises , and investments that are low in one type of obvious risk can be distressingly high in other , less obvious kinds . 
There are still bulls out there . 
Lee Co. , the jeans maker , celebrates its 100th anniversary with a hardcover yearbook featuring photos of its 10,000 employees . 
`` After a few years , you can argue there has been natural appreciation , '' says Susan Theran , the publisher of Leonard 's Annual Price Index of Art Auctions . 
Mr. Redmond said the intruder had n't yet done any harm but the agency feared `` garbage data could be substituted for real data . '' 
He retains his current positions as chief strategic officer of AM International and president of AM Ventures . 
CMS is nearly done converting the Midland plant to a gas-fired cogeneration facility at a cost of $ 600 million . 
Both China and Taiwan are seeking seats in GATT , which sponsors trade-liberalizing agreements and sets world-commerce rules . 
The South Korean coffee market , consisting mostly of instant coffee , was estimated at about 100 billion won ( $ 150.7 million ) last year . 
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51-cash management bills yesterday . 
`` I do n't doubt it for a moment . 
The Chicago exchanges also are working on such a device . 
Adds Spencer Barasch , branch chief for enforcement at the SEC in Fort Worth , Texas : `` Why do people play the lottery when the odds are great against them ? 
\* Includes results of Denny 's Inc. , acquired in September 
Back in New York the work day was already over , so I did n't have to feel guilty . 
Dumez said group profit after payments to minority interests rose to 252 million francs ( $ 40.1 million ) from 148 million a year earlier . 
Officials also say a national electricity shortage might not be far off . 
In the year-ago period , the company had profit of $ 34.3 million , or $ 1.32 a share . 
Qintex Australia has n't yet reported results for the fiscal year ended July 31 . 
That has outraged some fans . 
What it does n't say is that the entire `` campaign '' may be the fund-raising letter itself . 
Follow With Care 
The benchmark 7 % bond due October 1999 fell 0.20 point to 99.80 to yield 7.03 % , while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 fell 0.10 to 97.65 to yield 7.34 % . 
The `` anti-hooligan '' law , which would deprive troublemakers of cards , must be ratified by the House of Lords and is expected to become effective early next year . 
By that logic , the closing of a deal could be much further away than three to four months , even though the eventual price might be higher . 
Market participants said that the mark continues to post the most significant gains against the dollar . 
Mr. Sung could n't be reached for comment . 
A half-dozen candidates , backing policies ranging from Thatcherism to watered-down Marxism , are given a chance of winning . 
`` It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some fundamental insights about the most basic workings of cancer , '' says Samuel Broder , director of the National Cancer Institute . 
`` When the chain stores took over , there was no longer a connection between grower and consumer . 
Mr. Miller said Chrysler spent an average of $ 1,000 a vehicle on its incentive programs in the third quarter , compared with about $ 450 a vehicle a year earlier -- a `` high-water mark '' at the time . 
The devices might someday serve as temporary pacemakers or restarters for stopped hearts , says Dr. Tacker , whose prototype was dubbed the `` Tacker whacker . '' 
No reason was given in the filing for the sales . 
The bonds , rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.10 % in 2010 . 
Fujitsu said it hopes the Hiroshima contract will help it secure pacts with other municipalities . 
T. Rowe Price is an investment adviser to mutual funds , institutions and individuals . 
On average , however , three-month CDs at major banks are yielding a tenth of a percentage point less than they were a week ago . 
The information on 125 metropolitan markets is supplied by retailers such as Sears , Roebuck & Co. and K mart Corp. as well as closely held concerns such as R.H. Macy & Co . 
He turned himself in to authorities in New York earlier this year . 
Moody 's said it is assessing the strategies Ryder 's management may follow in addressing significant challenges in some major markets . 
Testifying before a House subcommittee , Mr. Mulford said that if the Treasury had n't intervened in foreign-exchange markets in September and early October to reduce the dollar 's value , the plunge in the stock market might have provoked a steep fall in the currency that might have `` unhinged financial markets . '' 
But the ice-core samples are n't definitive proof that the so-called greenhouse effect will lead to further substantial global heating , Mr. Thompson acknowledged . 
( Cash flow , basically earnings plus depreciation , is one common gauge of a company 's financial health . ) 
The closely held supermarket chain named Frank Nicastro vice president and treasurer . 
McDonald 's said that systemwide sales would have been $ 115 million greater had 1988 exchange rates remained in effect . 
All along they have been noting the tremors and pointing out the underlying realities . 
For reasons he would n't elaborate on , he said he 's sure that schedule wo n't be met , meaning less profit impact from the product for DEC in the next few quarters . 
The stock 's advance reflected ongoing speculation that Pennzoil is accumulating a stake in the company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
The occasional media witch hunt about some politician 's private peccadilloes notwithstanding , the general inclination is to offer a version of the old refrain , `` Who am I to judge ? '' 
`` There 's quite a bit of value left in the { Jaguar } shares here even though they have run up '' lately , says Doug Johnson , a fund manager for Seattle-based Safeco Asset Management . 
But it initially was funded with about $ 765 million and may soon face a cash crunch . 
As president , Mr. Lung , 42 years old , succeeds his father , Mervin D. Lung , 66 , who founded the company in 1959 . 
Treasury Securities 
But both the traders and the pilots remain interested in some transaction . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Frank Carlucci III was named to this telecommunications company 's board , filling the vacancy created by the death of William Sobey last May . 
Moves to accelerate the removal of dangerous pesticides gained new impetus during this year 's Alar scare , when the EPA was harshly criticized for failing to yank the possible carcinogen , a growth regulator used to make apples redder and crunchier . 
He was simply the first in this country to realize that treasures were just lying around waiting to be picked up . 
`` Share prices performed even worse than the funds ' asset values because fear has taken hold '' in the junk market , he says . 
`` Some companies were delinquent in filings and other actions , all of which cost money , '' Mr. Holmes said . 
It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen for the year ending tomorrow and its liabilities currently exceed its assets by about 13.8 billion yen . `` 
`` We think that it 's going to be far more favorable to own a station before the law is passed than to try to buy one afterward , '' Mr. Fiorini said . 
Within 25 years Jews will probably be the minority . 
The benchmark No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at a price of 95.39 , off 0.28 . 
When the fertilized cells divide to eight cells , a single cell from each embryo can be tested for genetic defects . 
Sansui was late into the mini-component business and failed to branch into other new businesses . 
Many law firms sponsor their own programs . 
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , New York Times closed at $ 28.125 a share , down 37.5 cents . 
Sales growth of 10 % a year seems possible , he said , and Akzo expects its Twaron business to become profitable in 1990 . 
CAE is a Toronto-based maker of commercial and military aircraft simulators and training equipment . 
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen-Probe . 
At least 270 people were reported killed and 1,400 injured in the rush-hour tremor that caused billions of dollars of damage along 100 miles of the San Andreas fault . 
Last week , Central Intelligence Agency Director William Webster publicly called on Congress to provide new interpretations of the assassination order that would permit the U.S. more freedom to act in coups . 
About 1,000 strikers signed petitions last week calling for Boeing and Machinists representatives to schedule new meetings . 
But about 25 % of the insiders , according to SEC figures , file their reports late . 
Decent life in the inner cities wo n't be restored unless the government reclaims the streets from the drug gangs . 
Mr. Fossett could n't be reached to comment . 
Analysts do n't expect the September surge in auto production to be repeated in the coming months . 
Keeping the listed price at a dollar is primarily a convenience . 
A member in the House leadership and skilled legislator , Mr. Fazio nonetheless found himself burdened not only by California 's needs but by Hurricane Hugo amendments he accepted in a vain effort to build support in the panel . 
Both posts had been vacant . 
But record industry executives familiar with the talks said Mr. Azoff and Warner came to an agreement yesterday to form a 50-50 joint-venture company funded by Warner and run by Mr. Azoff . 
Mr. Bush returned to Washington Saturday night . 
Only three weeks earlier , the Merc had turned to one of its own executives , 40-year-old R. Patrick Thompson , to replace Rosemary T. McFadden as president . 
Gen. Scowcroft was a member of the Tower Commission , which investigated the Iran-Contra affair . 
An experimental vaccine can alter the immune response of people infected with the AIDS virus , a prominent U.S. scientist said . 
Major Battle himself speaks in pure Pentagonese : `` Without further monetary-stroke-military aid , scores of Ambiguan freedom lovers , who had gone way out on their life and limbs for us , were literally cut off at the knees without a paddle . '' 
Mr. Pozen is the general counsel and a managing director of Fidelity Investments in Boston . 
This bias is in no way deliberate . 
Jaguar shares skyrocketed yesterday after Mr. Ridley 's announcement , following their temporary suspension on London 's Stock Exchange . 
Among major domestic agencies , the Environmental Protection Agency stands to receive increases significantly beyond those sought by the administration , with pollution abatement and control accounts growing by 14 % to about $ 829.9 million . 
Despite the current outcry over stock market volatility , few people expect stock futures to disappear . 
Litigation consulting is n't a guarantee of a favorable outcome . 
The result last spring was the arrest by West German authorities of five young West Germans , accused of stealing information from computers in the U.S. and Europe and selling it to the Soviet KGB . 
At the moment , he intends to keep the firm 's 180,000 Jaguar shares . 
Anti-Jones sentiment flooded the local press : `` A crude obnoxious hick , '' said one writer ; `` a real oink , '' said another ; `` Who in the hell does he think he is ? '' wrote a third . 
I 'm surprised he did n't advocate letting people loot , since that behavior can also be foreseen in a disaster and `` every individual has an incentive to alter the distribution of income in his favor . '' 
Among other provisions , the NIH guidelines would prohibit researchers and members of their immediate families from holding stock in any company that is affected by the outcome of their research . 
Getting a community of parents to care again about its schools is essential , but in Chicago the new boards will make mistakes and Mr. Kimbrough will have to identify them . 
Qintex Australia has n't disclosed its borrowings , but analysts estimate the company 's debt at A$ 1.2 billion . 
`` There are about a dozen more deals coming , '' said Michael McNamara , director of fixed-income research at Kemper Financial Services Inc . 
The key will be whether Arizona real estate turns around or at least stabilizes , he said . 
Besides reciting the pardon for program trading contained in the Brady Commission report , they said stock-index arbitrage was actually needed Monday to restore the markets ' equilibrium . 
`` It is clear , '' Ms. Waite says , `` that most of the effect of increasing education has been to shift who is helping the wife\/mother . 
If the show 's creators could just let themselves be quiet for a little , they might just hear it . 
Typical is Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi , Italy 's state-owned energy company , which not long ago acquired through its AGIP oil subsidiary a 5 % share in the consortium accounting for half of Nigeria 's oil output . 
The banks jointly committed $ 1.2 billion of financing , subject to certain conditions , McCaw said . 
For the nine-month period , Baxter said net rose 15 % to $ 307 million , or $ 1.02 a share , from $ 267 million , or 89 cents a share , during the year-ago period . 
KKR also signaled to the company 's creditors that Henry Kravis and other KKR directors of SCI TV would resign from the board once the restructuring is completed and forgo their voting rights . 
West German interest rates , he said , will remain unchanged . 
`` Most of our competitors are announcing products based on our ( older ) products , '' said Finis Conner , chief executive officer and founder of the firm that bears his name . 
Under the accord , Albert Roth , chairman and chief executive officer , and Arthur Chase , Sam Beigel , and Louis Polsky will resign as officers and directors of the menswear retailer . 
Were not the pictures and happenings , which have been continuing news headlines , answers enough ? 
Robert M. Gintel , senior partner of a Greenwich , Conn. , investment firm , said he plans to launch a proxy fight against the board of Boston-based Xtra Corp . 
Prosecutors in Southern Florida indicted five Panamanians on charges of illegally running arms to Sandinista rebels trying to overthrow the Nicaraguan government of Mr. Somoza . 
`` We make what we know how to make , '' says business manager Richard Mazzera . 
Alice Fixx , who runs her own public-relations concern in New York , says she has had to overhaul her pension and profit-sharing plans three times in the past three years . 
RJR Holdings Capital Corp. 's 14.7 % convertible pay-in-kind securities maturing in 2009 closed 1\/2 higher at 86 1\/2 after trading as low as 85 1\/4 . 
UAL declined to comment on British Air 's statement . 
Our plan is to honor Charles Schulz and the strip all year long . '' 
We are n't selling bonds right now , and I do n't think it will affect the value of our existing bonds . '' 
The five offices in Erie and Ottawa counties in northern Ohio have total assets of about $ 88 million , Banc One said . 
The Israeli and Soviet national airlines have reached preliminary agreement for launching the first direct flights between Tel Aviv and Moscow , a spokesman for the Israeli airline , El Al , said . 
Florida National said yesterday that it remains committed to the merger . 
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group . 
Of the major New York-based securities firms , only Morgan Stanley & Co. still calls its salespeople brokers . 
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . '' 
( Pepperidge Farm says it ca n't tell exactly how many customers it has lost , but it hopes to remove the objectionable tropical oil from all its products by year end . ) 
The federal response to California 's earthquake crisis was marred by coast-to-coast name-calling between the White House and San Francisco 's Mayor Art Agnos . 
Robert J. McManus 
Douglas B. Evans 
`` Our image is a company that makes women 's products , '' said a Wacoal spokesman . 
`` Taste has finally come to the fore , '' he says . 
The addition to reserves comes on top of a provision of $ 199.7 million that was announced in June . 
Ralston Purina will promote its Chex Party Mix 's three new flavor packets named for Charlie Brown , Lucy and Linus . 
`` Country people breed pigs , '' says Mr. Chojnowski , leaning against the back of his truck . 
The Russians are talking peace . 
In the second quarter , American Pioneer reported a loss of $ 7.3 million , compared with net income of $ 1.1 million a year earlier . 
Meanwhile , Dallas welcomed the move . 
Of the proceeds , $ 500 million will be used to fund its tender offer . 
But in introductory material for the campaign , the trade group urges members to `` arm '' for a `` revolution '' against big , out-of-state bank-holding companies . 
Beverly Hills Comes To Suburban Tokyo 
Roche also said it expects a `` considerable rise '' in 1989 group profit from the 641.5 million-franc ( $ 396 million ) net in 1988 . 
The increase is noted in the brokerage firm 's latest proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
`` It does n't mean anything -- it 's public-relations money . '' 
`` We 're an investor , '' Mr. Morishita says , sitting back in his purple gallery filled with some 20 Monets and Renoirs . 
Sales were flat at $ 7.88 billion . 
Even Sears , Roebuck & Co. is getting into the act , offering for the first time to have Federal Express deliver toys ordered by Dec. 20 from its Wish Book catalog . 
Up to now , the intense competition between IBM and Digital has been confined largely to the broad midrange of the computer market , where Digital sought to exploit IBM 's weaknesses in networking . 
We hear , we may think , inner voices , but they all seem to be saying the same thing . 
All prime-time fare will be on tape-delay because of time differences with Norway , so the results can be announced on the 6 o'clock news . 
And for every champion , there are plenty of nags . 
At about 10:40 a.m. EDT , several big buy orders hit the S&P pit simultaneously , lifting the futures up out of the trading limit and eventually into ranges that caused computer-driven program buying of stocks . 
This is the first time I 've seen something I could imagine a lot of people using . '' 
Under the new terms , New World will still pay $ 540 million for Ramada 's hotel business , subject to adjustment at closing , but Ramada will now reimburse New World for $ 10 million in expenses . 
The rigid Ivy League customer , Brooks Brothers ' bread and butter , meanwhile is becoming extinct . 
Up to now , that recipe has consisted of a dogged effort by former leader Walter Ulbricht to establish the country 's international legitimacy , followed by Mr. Honecker 's campaign to build the East bloc 's only successful Stalinist economy into a consumer paradise . 
The government sought a criminal penalty because `` no cleanup is possible here . 
The trial of Raful Edmond III in Washington serves to highlight our efforts in this area and the results achieved through our excellent working relationship with the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Metropolitan Police Department ( MPD ) . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the automobile and trucking insurer had earnings of $ 1.4 million , or 48 cents a share on a restated basis , on revenue of $ 16.5 million . 
No doubt many people in the CIA , the Pentagon and the National Security Council have read it . 
Judge Masaaki Yoneyama told the Osaka District Court Daikin 's `` responsibility is heavy because illegal exports lowered international trust in Japan . '' 
But the device obscures more than it illuminates . 
Demonstrations are particularly apt to degenerate into criminal conduct when they leave the site of the grievance and become mobile . 
Grace Energy just two weeks ago hauled a rig here 500 miles from Caspar , Wyo. , to drill the Bilbrey well , a 15,000-foot , $ 1-million-plus natural gas well . 
In the recent past , bond buyers did n't seek such assurance . 
He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue . 
On other matters , Mr. Mulford said West Germany is contributing to imbalances in the world economy because of its success as an exporter . 
The two sides had n't met since Oct. 18 . 
Loan covenants require that the company achieve specified levels of operating earnings and meet a rolling four-quarter profitability test . 
And when he ran unsuccessfully for a state appellate court seat in 1983 , the Pennsylvania Bar Association rated him `` one of the best available , '' after interviewing local lawyers . 
APPLIED MATERIALS INC. , Santa Clara , maker of computer-chip machine systems , annual sales of $ 490 million , OTC , had slight damage to headquarters , no damage to manufacturing plants . 
The company did n't disclose the new estimate but said the change was related to Integrated 's failure to sell its core businesses , as well as `` other events , '' which it did n't detail , that occurred after its announcement last week that it was in talks with the unidentified prospective buyer . 
But the percentage of your cash reserve that you can borrow tax-free is very small . 
But their ideal of an Afrikaner homeland , an all-white reserve to be carved out of present-day South Africa , is a mainstream desire of the right-wing , which embraces about one-third of the country 's five million whites . 
When Christie 's officials asked why the firm was n't picked to sell the Dorrance collection , representatives of the Dorrance family `` told us it was a question of financial considerations , '' said Michael Findlay , Christie 's head of impressionist and modern paintings . 
As recounted in a stipulation that summarized government documents released for the North trial , Mr. Noriega offered to assassinate the Sandinista leadership in exchange `` for a promise to help clean up Noriega 's image and a commitment to lift the { U.S. . } ban on military sales to the Panamanian Defense Forces . '' 
The estimated gain for Brae is $ 15 million , including a tax credit of $ 7 million , the sellers said . 
The shutdown affects 3,000 workers and will cut output by about 4,320 cars . 
Haagen has its own large security force of well-trained and well-paid personnel on round-the-clock duty at each center . 
Both men were also relieved of their duties yesterday . 
He added the original offer was `` a pretty full price , '' and that British Air 's contribution `` was quite a large chunk for us . '' 
Philip Morris hopes that by taking its Bill of Rights theme to the airwaves , in addition to publications , it will reach the broadest possible audience . 
Gov. Campbell responded , `` They 're mentioning rope when there 's been a hanging in the family . '' 
Friday 's trading volume totaled 132.8 million shares . 
That brought a chain reaction in the industry . 
But Trelleborg still must clear some tough hurdles . 
In the last few weeks , Moscow has added FROG-7B missiles , the bomber version of the An-12 , MiG-23BN high-altitude aircraft , MiG-29s , which can outfly Pakistan 's U.S.-built F16s , and Sukhoi SU-27 fighter-bombers , which can outfly the MiG-29s . 
`` But when prices were crazy , it was even harder to do an LBO . 
( Why in these movies is the unwed pregnant woman always from Ohio ? 
He also owns courses in the U.S. and France . 
The terms of the Geneva accords leave Moscow free to provide its clients in Kabul with assistance of any kind -- including the return of Soviet ground forces -- while requiring the U.S. and Pakistan to cut off aid . 
The group currently holds 3,027,330 Rally 's shares , or 45.2 % of its commmon shares outstanding . 
The account had previously been handled by Saatchi & Saatchi Wegener , New York . 
Mr. Pearce says law firms with the best chance of retaining or winning business with GM will be those providing the highest-quality service at the best cost -- echoing similar directives from GM 's auto operations to suppliers . 
As of Feb. 1 , 1990 , the Bullocks Wilshire stores will operate as I. Magnin stores . 
Should we focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the vocal right-wingers and the school boards , mayors and legislators prohibit schools from teaching the two ways ( abstinence or contraceptives ) of decreasing teen pregnancy ? 
Apple said that its money would be better spent in areas such as research and development . 
Lone Star 's San Francisco facilities were n't damaged in the quake . 
But many individual investors are leery about stocks because of fresh signs of fragility in the huge junk-bond market . 
The Kemper Corp. unit and other critics complain that program trading causes wild swings in stock prices , such as on Tuesday and on Oct. 13 and 16 , and has increased chances for market crashes . 
This can be thought of as a pessimistic prediction , perhaps driven by the sequestering effects of the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law or possibly a relaxation of tensions with the Soviet Union . 
Executives at Olivetti , whose earnings have been steadily sliding over the past couple of years , have acknowledged that in the past they have lagged at getting new technology to market . 
Sales for the nine months were up 8 % to $ 5.44 billion from $ 5.04 billion in the same period in 1988 . 
Interest on the bonds will be treated as a preference item in calculating the federal alternative minimum tax that may be imposed on certain investors . 
On that earlier day , the stock 's trading was halted at a critical time so the specialists could catch their breath . 
Long-term bond prices rose despite trepidation about what a key economic report will show today . 
Does this corporation have a high-quality management team with a good track record ? 
The September decline followed an even steeper drop of 6.2 % in August and left housing starts at their weakest since October 1982 , when the country was nearing the end of a recession . 
Net income rose to a record $ 155.3 million , or 83 cents a share , from $ 134.8 million , or 72 cents a share . 
Martin Schrager , 51 , who had been president , was named vice chairman . 
Most banking issues retreated after a sector downgrade by Warburg Securities , although National Westminister showed strength on positive comments from brokerage firms about its long-term prospects . 
`` In my opinion , you would only pay that kind of price if you were getting a premier player in the industry . '' 
The company had been one of the maninstays of Miami Beach financier Victor Posner 's empire . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond rose 1\/8 point . 
In addition , under the highway-relief program , the federal government provides 100 % of emergency highway aid for only the first 90 days of a repair effort . 
According to one analyst , Bernard Savaiko of PaineWebber , New York , the stock market 's ability on Monday to rally from last Friday 's decline -- which seemed to indicate that the economy was n't going to fall either -- took the starch out of precious metals prices , and out of gold 's , in particular . 
It is a market order that allows floor brokers to take more time to buy or sell an investment , if they think they can get a better price by waiting . 
Partly , costs will be held down through strategic technology alliances , management said . 
Conservatives note that 43 governors have the line-item veto to use on state budgets . 
In the real estate sector , Mitsui Real Estate Development was up 100 at 2,760 , and Mitsubishi Estate gained 80 to 2,360 . 
The same jealousy can breed confusion , however , in the absence of any authorization bill this year . 
Mr. Steinhardt , who runs about $ 1.7 billion for Steinhardt Partners , made his name as a gunslinging trader , moving in and out of stocks with agility -- enriching himself and his investment clients . 
Du Pont also raised its quarterly dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.05 , a change that will increase the annualized payout to shareholders by some $ 140 million . 
The biggest drop was recorded by primary metals producers , a category that includes the steel industry . 
One risk : Investors may regret the restriction if the stock reaches 54 and then falls . 
`` The capital market is booming . '' 
`` Obviously , a diversified portfolio would have less risk , '' the person close to the trust says . 
`` The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association . 
Another arbitrator is hearing another pay parity case between Eastern and its pilots , resulting from a similar set of circumstances involving a separate pay raise granted another union . 
Still , encrypting corporate communications is only a partial remedy . 
They asked regulators to suggest new ways to force banks and thrifts to comply with anti-discrimination laws . 
Meanwhile , net at GM 's finance arm , General Motors Acceptance Corp. , fell 3.1 % . 
It 's hardly astonishing ( given the men 's track record ) that Sony wants Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy-out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement . 
I see Congress as a last resort . '' 
The days may be numbered for animated shows featuring Alf , the Karate Kid and the Chipmunks . 
`` It 's a super-exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer . 
In its suit against Time , Viacom says the ownership of both cable systems and cable-programming networks gives the company too much market power . 
A potentially safer whooping cough vaccine made by novel genetic engineering techniques was described by a team of Italian , U.S. and Japanese scientists . 
Americans may not be so lucky the next time . 
In an interview , Pemberton Hutchinson , president and chief executive , cited several reasons for the improvement : higher employee productivity and `` good natural conditions '' in the mines , as well as lower costs for materials , administrative overhead and debt interest . 
HealthVest , an Austin , Texas , real estate investment trust , said that Chemical Bank , the lead bank under its domestic bank agreement , told it that if $ 3.3 million owed to the bank group is n't paid by today , the group will call the $ 120 million that HealthVest has outstanding under the credit line . 
Maxicare Health Plans Inc. , operating under Chapter 11 bankrupty-law protection , outlined terms of its reorganization plan that calls for creditors and shareholders to receive at least $ 78.8 million in cash and $ 67 million face amount of 10-year , 13.5 % notes . 
Options give a holder the right , but not the obligation , to buy or sell a security at a set price within a set period of time . 
Mr. Weisel , 49 , resigned as president and chief executive and will work on special projects , said John J. Wallace , chairman . 
The authority will issue a total of $ 446.5 million of pollution-control revenue bonds . 
State government is more typically split along Republican-governor\/Democratic-legislature lines than the reverse . 
I attended several of these in the dual role as a presenter of research findings as well as an investigator of my hosts . 
( Last year , for example , Seita 's net profit soared 150 % to 461.6 million French francs ( $ 73.5 million ) on sales of FFr 27.68 billion - a 1.7 % profit margin . ) 
The selection of Mr. Krenz may also disappoint Moscow . 
Graham Beale , manager of foreign-exchange operations at Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking Corp. in New York , added that Mrs. Thatcher 's comments reinforced the market 's growing confidence about sterling and compounded the unit 's later decline . 
Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron , which agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid-chromatography line for $ 22 million in February . 
Generally , a short seller expects a fall in a stock 's price and aims to profit by selling borrowed shares that are to be replaced later ; the short seller hopes the replacement shares bought later will cost less than those that were sold . 
`` Jazz Cleopatra '' contains other , more important , false notes that undermine what is , for the most part , a lively account of a life already familiar from earlier works . 
More recently , Interpublic inquired about one of Saatchi 's smaller communications companies -- identified as the Rowland public relations firm by several industry executives -- but again was rebuffed , they said . 
Laurie McGinley contributed to this article . 
After doubling production in one plant , NEC is spending $ 275 million to build another plant that , in two years , will be able to make a million four-megabit DRAMs a year . 
WATCH FOR EARNINGS DISAPPOINTMENTS . 
The fragile market received its biggest jolt last month from Campeau Corp. , which created its U.S. retailing empire with more than $ 3 billion in junk financing . 
The number of misclassified workers may be in the millions , mostly paid by small firms . 
`` The technology revolution is going to be very threatening to established producers , '' says Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc . 
So far , it appears cautious about taking the big step . 
To top off the bearish factors affecting yesterday 's trading , late October weather , especially in the Northeast U.S. , continues to be very moderate , leaving heating oil futures trading lackluster . 
At current allocations , that means EPA will be spending $ 300 billion on itself . 
The result has been thinner margins , which have been further eroded by an ambitious research and development effort and rapid overseas expansion . 
When Angelo hears that the young man Claudio has made his fiancee pregnant before he could marry her , Angelo summarily condemns Claudio to death . 
He received $ 50,085 . 
Amdahl 's results were somewhat worse than expected . 
It is most effective taken about a week after a woman misses her menstrual period up through the seventh week of pregnancy , when it is markedly less effective . 
The French Economics Ministry approved a planned asset swap between the defense and electronics group Thomson-CSF S.A. and the bank group Credit Lyonnais . 
Hooker 's U.S. unit is expected to agree in principle this week to sell its Merksamer Jewelers chain to management , according to executives . 
We 're no longer afraid of associating with private or foreign capital , '' he says . 
Mr. Turner said the test will be shipped in 45 days to hospitals and clinical laboratories . 
Westamerica said Mr. Decker 's posts were assumed by David Payne , Westamerica 's chairman , who at 34 years of age becomes one of the youngest chief executives of a sizable bank in the country . 
Become a Lobbyist 
And White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said the deficit was `` an unwelcome increase , '' adding that `` we 're hopeful that it simply is a one-month situation and will turn around . '' 
Wall Street is understandably skeptical . 
TRADING VOLUME in Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures contracts on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Monday totaled 73,803 contracts . 
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange said it fined Capcom Futures Inc. $ 500,000 and accepted its withdrawal from membership as part of a settlement of disciplinary actions against the firm . 
They also unanimously re-elected Mr. Dubinsky , the union chairman who has led the pilots ' 2 1\/2-year fight to take control of the airline . 
Christopher Whittle , chairman of the Knoxville , Tenn. , media company that is 50 % owned by Time Warner Inc. , said that by December 1990 he expects to have Channel One installed in about 8,000 schools with a potential audience of six million . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
`` But we were getting too many complaints that people were using them to eavesdrop on their neighbors . '' 
One especially coveted Specialized market the new players are targeting is mountain-bike accessories , which Mr. Eidsmo calls `` the future of our business . '' 
K mart , based in Troy , Mich. , recently said net income would fall for the third consecutive quarter , after a 16 % drop in the first half of its current fiscal year . 
A group of investors recently bought the remaining assets of Spendthrift , hoping to rebuild it . 
However , a spokeswoman for BankAmerica Corp. said yesterday 's absenteeism at the bank holding company was no greater than on an average day . 
`` Moody 's believes that the uncertain environment for merchant banking could put pressure on CS First Boston 's performance , '' the rating concern said , citing `` continued problems '' from the firm 's exposures to `` various Campeau-related firms '' and to Ohio Mattress . 
Digital 's VAX 9000 mainframes , which it claimed were among the fastest available , were priced from $ 1.2 million to $ 3.9 million , sharply lower than IBM models of comparable power . 
`` We suspected there was downtime built into our process . 
Forget about Treasury bills or a money-market fund . 
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks . 
Over the last few weeks , he has frittered away roughly half of what was once a 33-point lead in the polls over Mr. Giuliani . 
The department distributed the revisions and clarifications to U.S. attorneys around the country this summer as part of a routine process of updating prosecutorial guidelines , Mr. Runkel said . 
With $ 500 apiece and an injection of outside capital , they formed Genentech Inc . 
Men are still combing the beach with shovels and hand brushes , searching for that unusual glint . 
However , unpaid distributions on the acquisition preferred are cumulative and would total $ 23 million a year , hurting NRM 's financial flexibility and its ability to raise capital , NRM said . 
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . '' 
Mr. Kaiser noted that gold was more than 71 times the price of silver at the close yesterday , which is historically high . 
The Bush White House is breeding non-duck ducks the same way the Nixon White House did : It hops on an issue that is unopposable -- cleaner air , better treatment of the disabled , better child care . 
Judging by a poll of Wall Street Journal readers conducted this summer by Erdos & Morgan Inc. , serious investors have taken that advice to heart . 
With limited budgets for television in a high-priced market , Mr. Florio 's higher recognition than his rival is a major advantage . 
After his decisive primary victory over Mayor Edward I. Koch in September , Mr. Dinkins coasted , until recently , on a quite-comfortable lead over his Republican opponent , Rudolph Giuliani , the former crime buster who has proved a something of a bust as a candidate . 
By not choosing one of these options , Israelis will condemn themselves , as the Maronites did , to perpetual war with the Muslims in their midst , and so to the internal erosion of their state . 
The established charities are bothered by this but say they can do little about it . 
If Mr. Gorbachev is looking toward unleashing the productive forces of the market , these latest resolutions are nothing short of reckless . 
It recently began a pilot program to test an electronic trading system called ATS\/2 , the automated trading system created by the International Commodities Clearing House . 
Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
And both the trust and Manville are seeking to avoid the bad publicity that , in the asbestos era , tarred the Manville name . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million . 
Yet there will be people who will sob at `` Immediate Family , '' a limply constructed and offensive movie about adoption . 
He said certain volunteers developed kinds of antibodies associated with early AIDS . 
When the earthquake rocked northern California last week , Aetna senior claims executives from the San Francisco area were at the company 's Hartford , Conn. , headquarters for additional training on how to handle major catastrophes , including earthquakes . 
Counting all state and federal benefit programs , the number of people receiving unemployment benefits in the week ended Sept. 30 fell to 1,809,300 from 1,838,200 a week earlier . 
A spokeswoman for Ogilvy & Mather said the agency does n't comment on `` idle speculation . '' 
A Toto spokesman said the toilet not only tests blood pressure , pulse and urine , it also stores the data for up to 130 days . 
Chairman Carl L. Bixby said the decline occurred although revenue rose 30 % to more than $ 8.3 million from $ 6.4 million a year earlier . 
And the company is certain to get out some aircraft with just supervisors and other non-striking employees on hand . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Showing Up in Court Without Being There 
`` Pieces of Candlestick , '' they said . 
Chrysler has also launched a $ 1 billion cost-cutting program that will cut about 2,300 white-collar workers from the payroll in the next few months . 
The much-revised restructuring , which was first announced in October 1988 , must again be approved by shareholders and state casino regulators in Nevada and New Jersey . 
Ogden Projects Inc. said net income jumped to $ 6.6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the third quarter . 
Witness the Walsh prosecution of Ollie North . 
A Christie 's spokeswoman said that while the auction house sometimes waives its seller 's commission to attract art works -- it still gets a commission from the buyer -- Christie 's wo n't offer financial guarantees because `` Christie 's believes its primary role is as an auction house , and therefore as an agent { for buyer and seller } , not as a bank . 
The scientists have experimented on the tiny neck arteries of rats . 
Commodore said that its announcement is based on preliminary information and that the situation could look different by the time final results are announced early next month . 
He once described himself as a `` Berkeley Hippie , '' and played the role well ; obligatory ragged jeans , a thicket of long hair and rejection of all things conventional , including , for a time at least , formal marriage to his `` sweetheart , '' Martha Matthews . 
`` The Fourth Knee Play , '' an interlude from `` Einstein on the Beach , '' is like a toccata but it does n't seem to move much beyond its left-hand ground in `` Three Blind Mice . '' 
But the Dow Jones Transportation Average went down for the seventh consecutive session , due largely to further selling in UAL . 
And in a footnote to the fall of House Speaker James Wright this year , the conference voted to rescind $ 11.8 million in unspent EDA funds for a Fort Worth , Texas , stockyards project that figured in ethics charges against the former Democratic leader . 
`` The cost { of magnetic stimulators } would seem like peanuts if we could retrieve limb function '' in such people , Dr. Tator says . 
The building-materials concern did n't disclose terms of the sale , which will close in the first quarter of next year . 
Mr. Mitchell has been predicting that the president 's initiative would fail this year . 
And , if still conscious at the evening 's end , you notice something else : The audience , at first entranced and hypnotized by the music , releases its pent-up feelings in collective gratitude . 
Naturally , one of the best ways to guarantee visibility for your due-process system is for top management to support it . 
Even staunch anti-bike Sierra members concede that 10 % of all riders cause most of the problems . 
A Hewlett-Packard spokeswoman said that , while `` things are a big mess , '' some 18,000 Valley employees have been called back to work today . 
Planar Systems Inc. of Beaverton , Ore. , the largest of these firms , with $ 20 million in annual revenue , has similar plans . 
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one-yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima . 
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second-level officials until the past few days . 
Because of those concerns , some manufacturers say they will ask for letters of credit before shipping spring merchandise . 
Mr. Gross said he had hoped that a cost savings of $ 450 million would result in even greater growth than the 20 % annual earnings increase AT&T has told analysts it expects in the future . 
Only the bravest spirits survive such roller coasters . 
Rickey Henderson , the do-everything leadoff man , had nine hits and set or tied four-game Series marks for triples ( 2 ) and stolen bases ( 3 ) . 
More than three-fourths of poor black families were headed by women . 
Peter Lieb , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the case , declined to comment on the trial . 
Fashion industry consultants also question whether the company can make significant strides in its women 's business , given that its customer base is less established and that conservative business dress for women is on the decline . 
Pacific Telesis said new telephone lines increased 4.5 % for a total of about $ 13.5 million for the quarter ; toll calls increased 9.6 % to 807 million and minutes of telephone usage increased to 9.9 billion . 
He admits that he has n't had much luck generating free publicity for his contest . 
U.S. Treasury bonds , for example , are supersafe when it comes to returning money at maturity . 
`` You ca n't hire competent Americans and say , ` Let them run only their own show , ' '' says Vladimir Pucik , who headed the study run with Egon Zehnder International , a search firm . 
Mr. Taft paid an average of $ 28.43 for each share . 
It could n't sell its South American routes , one of the major assets marked for disposal . 
The tabloid 's circulation soared to 80,000 , but plunged to under 10,000 when the La Presse strike ended . 
Mr. Mason left the campaign after telling reporters Mr. Dinkins is `` a fancy'shvartzer ' with a moustache . '' 
The statement was the U.S. government 's first acknowledgement of what other groups , such as the International Monetary Fund , have been predicting for months . 
LSI LOGIC CORP. , Milpitas , maker of customized integrated circuits , annual sales of $ 550 million , NYSE , has halted manufacturing at its three plants in the area while they are inspected for structural damage . 
He withdrew the remark . 
LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5\/8 to 112 5\/8 ; LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications . 
Still , 20 Japanese companies , including giants such as Sanyo Industries Corp. , Matsushita Electronics Components Corp. and Sony Corp. have set up shop in the state of Northern Baja California . 
Dictaphone Corp. was caught off guard in 1974 when its main competitor , Lanier Office Products of Japan , introduced a microcassette dictation recorder half the size of standard cassette devices . 
No schedule for formal talks was set , but meetings are expected to begin soon . 
`` October 13th left us with a cut and exposed nerve , '' said Jack Solomon , technical analyst for Bear Stearns . 
Kidder so far this year has executed a monthly average of 37.8 million shares in index-arbitrage trading , and is second only to Morgan Stanley in overall program trading , which includes index arbitrage . 
At the same time , Daiwa and its brethren have faced stiff competition from well-entrenched American competitors that have prevented them from building strong links to U.S. corporations and institutional investors . 
Meanwhile , the National Association of Manufacturers said yesterday a recent poll of 53 executives on its board found that 61 % do n't expect a recession to occur until 1991 or later . 
`` Some retail accounts , such as commercial banks and pension funds , wanted to get on the bandwagon before it was too late , '' said Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis . 
This has increased the risk of the government being forced to increase base rates to 16 % from their current 15 % level to defend the pound , economists and foreign exchange market analysts say . 
As of Sept. 30 , Philip Morris had 926 million shares outstanding . 
A worm resides in the operating system of a computer and spreads by boring into other computers contacted through networks . 
General Motors Corp. is sponsoring its first independent display in 10 years , and it includes a boxy Buick station wagon with wood-grain side panels . 
The big apparel maker and retailer said that its net income in the latest quarter increased to $ 51.1 million , or 58 cents a share , from $ 31.7 million , or 36 cents a share , a year earlier . 
In 1979 , two Voyager spacecraft sent back stunning photos of Jovian moons Io and Europa that showed them to be among the most intriguing bodies in the solar system . 
The dollar sagged against other major currencies in lethargic trading . 
Dollar : 141.45 yen , off 0.45 ; 1.8355 marks , off 0.0115 . 
Analysts expect Federal 's earnings to improve again in its fiscal third quarter ending Feb. 28 , when the company should begin benefiting from Tiger 's extra flights , back-up planes and landing rights . 
Traders cited anticipation of the consumer price report for September , due today , and tomorrow 's expiration of October stock-index futures and options as major factors in the slowdown . 
He was back in jail over the summer on shoplifting charges . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP. ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
The company says sales have soared . 
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater , confirming comments made this week by Vice President Dan Quayle , said Mr. Bush is `` interested '' in finding a suitable test case . 
The clash is a sign of a new toughness and divisiveness in Japan 's once-cozy financial circles . 
The catalog retailer reported net income of $ 10.8 million , or 21 cents a share , up sharply from $ 6.6 million , or 13 cents a share , a year earlier . 
But membership in the International Association of Financial Planners ( IAFP ) , the industry 's biggest trade group , is still nearly triple what it was in 1980 , and it 's believed that the ranks of planners who do n't belong to any group have soared as well . 
Americans are expected to conform to the Japanese culture when in Japan . 
Artists and draftsmen need harder `` leads . '' 
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says . 
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home . 
Eiji Nakazato , a Takashimaya general manager , admits that his company 's image is similar to Saks 's and that there is some interest in the idea . 
That 's because you have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy and the effort required to sell and service the whole package . 
Heating oil prices also rose . 
`` You 're in the catbird seat every day in this job , '' he says . 
After a three-year nightmare of uncertain oil prices , draconian budget cuts and sweeping layoffs , fear is finally leaving the oil patch . 
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market-moving employment report . 
The slide continued until the record 508-point market drop on Oct. 19 . 
A statement from the council of cardinals said Catholics had responded generously to an appeal last year to give more money after 1987 's record $ 63 million deficit . 
The goal was to tax people with roughly equivalent incomes equally , and to eliminate the many shelters that allowed the wealthy to escape taxes . 
This bacterium produces a toxin that , if used as a vaccine , can induce immunity to whooping cough . 
These movements were offset , however , by a steep rise in corporate income tax payments to 199 million francs from 35 million in the first six months of 1988 . 
But `` they were n't on my list of companies who were critical to be a part of it . '' 
But his fans , to his constant amazement , never let him forget the famous four-bagger . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 100 9\/32 to yield 7.937 % , compared with 99 26\/32 to yield 8.007 % . 
The close was the highest since August 3 . 
Lloyd 's is moving forward on some fronts , though . 
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said . 
Pro forma earnings for fiscal 1988 were $ 19.6 million , or 99 cents a share , on revenue of $ 97.2 million . 
While the Cowboys may not be the best investment now , I do n't accept they ca n't be in the future . '' 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
It 's equally ridiculous not to provide a capital investment or retirement-savings tax incentive . 
Delmed did say that the proposal still would infuse cash into Delmed but less than the $ 10 million originally expected . 
The three business areas engaged in rolling bearing operations continued to show favorable sales development . 
`` The Japanese apple market is very keyed to high quality , '' says David Lane , a scientist at a Canadian horticulture research center in Summerland , British Columbia , and so apples are more of a delicacy there than a big food commodity . 
Finnish government officials are negotiating with creditors of Waertsilae Marine Oy , a major shipyard that filed for bankruptcy protection this week , amid confusion and mounting doubts that collapse of the nation 's entire shipbuilding industry can be averted . 
Details about its size and cost have n't yet been determined . 
The clinical testing services holding company is based in San Juan Capistrano , Calif . 
A spokeswoman said Toronto-based Campeau has received `` expressions of interest '' in Bloomingdale 's , but she declined to comment on whether any actual bids had been made . 
`` You are talking about a couple hundred thousand a year , '' said Bob Barber , an auto-industry analyst at U.K. brokerage James Capel & Co . 
The demonstration was non-violent and involved only a simple misdemeanor , but its impact on that individual was violent and terminal . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- 
Two years of coddling , down the drain . 
Anheuser said it continues to hold to its earlier-announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s . 
The probe , which is painless , non-invasive and apparently harmless , employs strong magnetic fields to induce small whirlwinds of electricity within the brain . 
But if it was the national disease in 1906 , it is today the national commonplace . 
The offering for the language school unit was announced by Robert Maxwell , chairman and chief executive officer of London-based Maxwell Communication Corp. , which owns Macmillan . 
A proposal to raise prices of beer , tobacco and luxuries was rejected 338-44 . 
Child 's Game 
`` I 'm the guy who made him head of New York , head of the U.S. , president of North America , and recommended him { to Mr. Sorrell } as my successor . 
Mr. Salvatori should know . 
It has sold billions of dollars of other assets and has more on the block . 
So what does George Bush really believe ? 
Past Due Impasse 
Although the board believed that Mr. Icahn is more interested in talking the stock price higher than acquiring USX , it adopted a poison-pill defense , to be swallowed if anyone amasses a 15 % stake . 
In Chicago , a UAL spokesman , `` by way of policy , '' declined to comment on the company 's stock or the specialists ' performance . 
Milton Roy recently fended off unsolicited overtures from Thermo Electron Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of biomedical products . 
To stem speculation , Beijing imposed ceiling prices that went into effect earlier this year . 
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals . 
If they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from `` bringing home the bacon '' to their respective constituencies . 
Slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles are forcing Chrysler Corp. to temporarily idle its Toledo , Ohio , assembly plant for the first time since April 1986 . 
Oil ministers now hope to solve the issue for good through an Iranian proposal that gives a larger share of output to countries with surplus capacity and reduces the shares of those that ca n't produce more anyway . 
Other roads were obstructed by collapsed buildings and damaged water and power lines , an emergency relief spokesman says . 
Dealers said London showed signs of calming in midafternoon after Wall Street avoided sharp losses despite the trade report , but a wave of futures-related selling later in the session sent buyers back to the sidelines . 
Mrs. Thatcher : `` If it 's one against 48 , I 'm very sorry for the 48 . '' 
The programs will run on the cable network the Sunday evening immediately prior to the release of the special issue of U.S. News & World Report . 
These A 's , however , got few grades as low as B on their 1989 report card . 
A survey contained in the 291-page report , `` Copyright and Home Copying : Technology Challenges the Law , '' found that most people consider home copying for such personal use a `` right '' -- a right , moreover , that was exercised by 40 % of Americans over the age of 10 in the past year . 
He added that he expects to make a recommendation within a few weeks on whether MiniScribe should file its own lawsuits against former company officers and directors . 
Translant Inc. , Rancho Cucamonga , Calif. , got an $ 86 million Navy contract for missile-launch systems . 
But we ca n't produce enough anymore . '' 
Moreover , just as vodka has acquired an upscale image in the U.S. , bourbon has become fashionable in many foreign countries , a uniquely American product tied to frontier folklore . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.59 % . 
In 1987 , the Presidents Commission of the NCAA , which oversees most U.S. intercollegiate sports , contracted with the Washington-based American Institutes for Research to do a survey on the college experiences of what the body chooses to call student-athletes . 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 1.55 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 15.6 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 14.1 billion in maturing bills . 
Mr. Fukuyama , peering through binoculars at the end of history , said in his essay that `` the class issue has actually been successfully resolved in the West ... 
Sears said it would put the 110-story tower on the block almost a year ago as part of its anti-takeover restructuring . 
Gillette South Africa employs about 250 people . 
He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '60s and '70s : for assault and unlawful confinement , for fraud and forgery of private documents , and for extortion . 
Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock-market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . 
The worm also looks for elementary passwords that confer more privileges on the user . 
At least six of Arizona 's 12 savings and loan institutions have either been taken over by the government 's conservatorship program or are essentially insolvent ; they are sitting on enormous unrecognized losses . 
Its stock also has risen lately , at least partly because it is considered a possible takeover candidate . 
Sam Yanes , a Polaroid spokesman , said `` I do n't know about disappointing , '' but added that the company has n't been able to get the product on the shelves of some mass-merchandise , discount retailers that it had hoped would be carrying the product already . 
To many , it was a ceremony more befitting a king than a rural judge seated in the isolated foothills of the southern Allegheny Mountains . 
Western New Mexico Telephone , Silver City , had net income of $ 1.9 million on revenue of about $ 10 million last year . 
The announcement , in which they said hostilities had ceased , followed a two-day meeting in Madrid . 
Britain 's Prime Minister Thatcher alone dissented . 
The Swedish Academy in Stockholm cited the 73-year-old Cela for `` rich and intensive prose . '' 
Mr. Shioya has turned the tables . 
The law , which Bush allowed to take effect without his signature , went into force Friday . 
The government also urged whites to refrain from panic over growing black protests , such as the massive anti-apartheid rally Sunday on the outskirts of Soweto . 
Yet at the moment they are the judges who are making the law . 
`` Ron Brierley clearly views our company as a good investment , '' a Vickers spokesman said . 
In addition , the government is scheduled to unveil plans for privatizing Philippine Airlines , the national carrier , an effort that lawyer and business columnist Rodolfo Romero calls `` the bellwether of privatization . '' 
He intends to add to the litigation staff . 
Mr. Craven said both Messrs. Eward and Whittington had planned to leave the bank earlier , but Mr. Craven had persuaded them to remain until the bank was in a healthy position . 
Children from the community will have worthier role models than the drug kingpins . 
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression . 
Although Dr. Warshaw points out that stress and anxiety have their positive uses , `` stress perceived to be threatening implies a component of fear and anxiety that may contribute to burnout . '' 
First , the somewhat affected idealism of the 1960s . 
Mr. Turner was troubled enough to cancel the U.S. contract with the rent-a-colonel at the beginning of the Carter administration . 
A Chris-Craft station manager said there have been no formal talks . 
The segment 's growth was led by sales of the cardiovascular drugs Lopid , a lipid regulator , and Dilzem , a calcium channel blocker . 
But Wall Street analysts expect further signs of economic weakness in government reports during the next few weeks . 
Thus there is even more to the Vermont-Slauson Center than a good place to shop . 
The solution to this problem is a time-limited poison pill . 
Coca-Cola Co. said it produced a new version of its 1971 `` I 'd like to teach the world to sing '' commercial . 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. , the entity formed from the recent acquisition of Squibb Corp. by Bristol-Myers Co. , logged the largest volume decline , 7,592,988 shares , to 12,017,724 . 
Part of a Series } 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
According to the Illinois attorney general 's suit , Watson & Hughey sent mailings indicating that recipients were guaranteed cash prizes , and could win up to an additional $ 1,000 on top of them , if they contributed as little as $ 7 . 
The Soviets cut a deal with Iran : a future Iranian role in Afghanistan in exchange for Iranian support of Soviet policy . 
Nucor 's plant in Crawfordsville , Ind. , ultimately will produce only one million tons annually , a drop in the 40-million-ton-a-year flat-rolled steel bucket , and it will be years before such plants can compete in the high-profit market . 
The Treasury 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 rose 23\/32 to 112 10\/32 to yield 10.03 % . 
While he packed the Senate gallery with his supporters during some of the impeachment trial , most civil rights groups kept their distance from his case . 
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors . 
Chief Executive Officer Michael Carpenter said that despite the outcry even by some of Kidder 's own brokers , he believes index arbitrage does n't have a `` negative impact on the market as a whole . 
Like other refiners , Lyondell 's margins for chemicals and gasoline were narrower . 
The average three-month issue rose to 8.05 % from 7.77 % . 
Under the offer , shareholders can purchase one Enfield share at C$ 6.27 for each five shares held . 
Until recently , the huge fast-food industry , with sales of about $ 60.1 billion last year , kept price-skirmishing to a minimum . 
The channel reaches 6.5 million homes , a Penney spokesman said . 
One would force brokerage houses to provide the SEC detailed information about loans made by their holding companies . 
A pact with GM may emerge in as little as two weeks , according to sources close to the talks . 
The surge in competition is expected to stir new life into the huge mainframe market , where growth has slowed to single digits in recent years . 
Priam Corp. lost 5\/32 to 3\/32 after filing for protection from its creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code . 
`` The results were fascinating , '' he said . 
Mr. Pilson says that when he spoke out a few years ago , `` I did n't say forever , and I did n't say every property . '' 
The changes were proposed in an effort to streamline federal bureaucracy and boost compliance by the executives `` who are really calling the shots , '' said Brian Lane , special counsel at the SEC 's office of disclosure policy , which proposed the changes . 
After that , `` it would make sense for airlines to talk about doing things jointly , '' said Cotton Daly , director of cargo services for New York consulting firm Simat , Helliesen & Eichner Inc . 
The plunge followed a drop of $ 56.875 Monday , amid indications the takeover may take weeks to be revived . 
Quotron is n't profitable on Citicorp 's books because of the interest charges the New York bank holding company incurred in buying the financial-data concern for $ 680 million , says Ronald I. Mandle , analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein & Co . 
But the bank 's retail activities in Latin America are likely to be cut back . 
Christie 's will soon have a sale of Dada and Symbolist art while Sotheby 's is luring collectors with sales of Swiss , German , Spanish , Australian and Canadian paintings . 
September orders for machining centers , lathes , milling machines , grinders , boring mills and other machines that shape metal by cutting totaled $ 192.9 million , down 28 % from $ 266.5 million a year earlier , but a 23 % increase from August 's $ 156.3 million , NMTBA said . 
The ski industry hopes to increase the number of skiers by 3.5 million to about 21.7 million in the next five years with its latest ads and promotions . 
The plant was evacuated and workers sent home . 
Sunday , Oct. 29 , 10-11 p.m. EST , on Showtime ( repeated Nov. 2 , 6 , 11 and 15 ) : `` The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde . '' 
Meanwhile , they tackle the mounds of paper -- and fantasize about a dream world where bulk-mail postal regulations and government inspectors are banished . 
In 1987 , President Reagan sent 73 rescissions back to the Hill , but only 3 % of the spending total was approved by Congress . 
First comes monetary expansion to drive down the currency 's value that was pushed up by tax-rate reduction . 
Neither suit lists specific dollar claims , largely because damage assessment has n't yet been completed . 
`` Talk hurts from where it spurts , '' one of them says . 
Detroit-to-Tokyo flights were booked solid this week as Motor City executives , including Ford Motor Co. Chairman Donald E. Petersen and Chrysler Corp. Vice Chairman Gerald Greenwald , flocked to see the future . 
Becton , Dickinson & Co. , for example , faces stiff competition from a Japanese supplier in the important syringe market . 
In describing that business in general , he says that when the client ca n't repay the loan , some machikin `` clutch on like hyenas '' and even take over the client 's company . 
At the weatherbeaten Pompano Beach municipal stadium , Mr. Blair , the 45-year-old former Oriole , knows his power is n't what it used to be . 
Although the personal computer maker said it expects revenue to meet or exceed previous projections of $ 385 million for the year ending Jan. 28 , 1990 , earnings are expected to be 25 cents to 35 cents a share , down from previous estimates of 50 cents to 60 cents . 
For everyone involved , it 's one more swig of that elixir of youth , baseball . 
The final B-2 agreement is certain to require detailed testing and verification of the bomber 's capabilities , but congressional aides said the accord wo n't include a House-passed provision that would have withheld production funds until Congress approves a cheaper , scaled-down version of the $ 70 billion fleet of 132 B-2s envisioned by the Pentagon . 
`` I love Pilson , but he was the guy who complained most bitterly and loudly , '' says Robert Wussler , a former CBS Sports president . 
That may have pleased the secretary , but H. Erich Heinemann , chief economist of the investment firm of Ladenburg , Thalmann & Co. , suggests that Mr. Brady may figure he already has all the power he needs . 
Lockheed Corp. said it will trim its Aeronautical Systems work force in California and Georgia by several hundred workers , reflecting the defense industry 's decline . 
`` We can expect a hundreds-of-billions-of-yen market . '' 
That culture , carefully crafted by Mr. Smith , leaves little , if any , room for unions . 
The Poles would plant a 10-square-mile forest somewhere in the country at a cost of $ 150,000 , with the center 's developer footing the bill . 
`` I think it 's to Fox 's advantage to be associated with the Paramount-MCA venture , '' said Michael Conway , station manager of WTXF , the TVX station that is a Fox affiliate . 
And on back-to-back roll calls , 206-199 and 223-178 , the Appropriations Committee leadership turned back efforts to weaken or strip the proposed restrictions first added by Sen. Warren Rudman ( R. , N.H. ) 
Notes offered at a fixed level of 99.75 . 
Mr. Skase also disclosed a disagreement among directors of Qintex Australia over certain fees claimed by Qintex Group Management Services Pty. , a management-services concern in which Qintex Australia executives have an interest . 
Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua . 
Now UNESCO apologists are lobbying President Bush to renege on President Reagan 's decision to depart . 
The remainder of the house leans precariously against a sturdy oak tree . 
Despite the criticism , Philip Morris 's corporate campaign runs little risk of getting yanked off the tube . 
Union sentiment also could influence shareholder reaction to a Jaguar-GM accord . 
In May 1986 , Dr. Blumenfeld gave Merrill Lynch & Co. about $ 40,000 for a federally insured certificate of deposit offering an effective yield of more than 9 % . 
It also faces numerous other hurdles including an agreement on a pipeline route for the gas . 
The average yield on threemonth jumbos rose to 8.00 % from 7.96 % , while the two-year average fell by the same amount to 7.89 % . 
That was n't always the way the Reagan administration handled such matters . 
While investigations into lawyer misconduct will remain secret , the public will be notified once a formal complaint is filed against an attorney . 
I was amused to read your recent news stories on the banking industry 's reserve additions and concomitant threats to cease making new loans to less-developed countries . 
Ford said the term on its warranty is already six years or 60,000 miles . 
Before your next California-bashing editorial , please spend more time out here witnessing the situation -- it just may change your view . 
For instance , some analysts believe bond returns and volatility have moved permanently closer to those of the stock market . 
Moreover , by stepping outside the state 's pro-choice tradition , Mr. Courter aggravates fears that he is too conservative as well on more pressing concerns such as auto insurance rates and the environment . 
A week ago , USAir stock briefly soared above 52 after a report in USA Today that Mr. Steinhardt might launch a hostile bid for the carrier , though takeover speculators say they were skeptical . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Pegasus closed at $ 10.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
The nine major U.S. auto makers plan to build 147,121 vehicles this week , down 9.6 % from the 162,767 a year ago , but 2.5 % higher than last week 's 143,534 . 
Glass sales to Canadian and European auto makers and sales of replacement auto glass in all markets increased . 
Earlier , American Medical said it had been approached again by two other possible suitors , whom it would n't identify but who had previously submitted bids for the company . 
`` If we want to survive as a people , '' he says , `` we have to change our way of life . 
Grumman Corp. was given a $ 15 million Navy contract for aircraft-electronics improvements . 
Some petroleum futures traders say technical considerations now will help to put downward pressure on futures prices . 
The man went back and spoke to the desk clerk : `` That sign is wrong , '' he said . 
But pipeline companies estimate they still face $ 2.4 billion in liabilities from unresolved disputes , including $ 1 billion they fear they wo n't be able to pass on to customers . 
Separately , Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee said he did n't want the capital-gains tax cut or any other amendments attached to the pending bill raising the federal borrowing limit . 
Construction of the 34-floor building will begin next May and should be completed in April 1992 . 
Instead , even with the liabilities of two natural disasters in recent weeks , analysts said the total capital of the industry is likely to be higher at year end than it was at midyear . 
What 's more , he said , `` transactions are taking a much longer time to conclude and many fall apart for lack of financing '' and more stringent scrutiny by state courts . 
The comment we 're hearing is that we were slow out of the box , but beat everyone else in the stretch . '' 
In separate statements , the two sides said they want to have `` further discussions . '' 
In late afternoon New York trading yesterday , the dollar stood at 1.8415 West German marks , up from 1.8340 marks late Monday , and at 142.85 yen , up from 141.90 yen late Monday . 
About $ 60 million streamed out last week alone , double the level of the week following last month 's Campeau Corp. credit squeeze . 
`` How many shares will be around in 1995 ? '' he asked . 
But he flies for Federal Express Corp. , perhaps the closest thing in corporate America to the Green Berets . 
`` Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , '' he said . 
Instead of Japan 's typical small homes clustered on narrow streets with no sidewalks , the new `` One Hundred Hills '' development will offer 65 houses on half-acre lots . 
Although conferees are still putting the finishing touches on the package , the final agreement could be announced as early as tomorrow . 
The numbers were adjusted for usual seasonal fluctuations . 
Mr. Freeman said in August that he would retire by the end of this year to take `` executive responsibility '' for an embarrassing effort to discredit banker Edmond Safra . 
Both the Big Board 's Exchange Stock Portfolio and the Chicago exchange 's Market Basket are designed for institutional investors . 
As the government prepares to release the next batch of economic reports , the consensus among economists and money managers is that the news will be negative . 
Maidenform products are mainly sold at department stores , but the company has quietly opened a retail store of its own in Omaha , Neb. , and has 24 factory outlets , with plans to add more . 
By making a break from tradition , Brooks Brothers is seeking a delicate balance . 
Results for the third quarter ending Oct. 31 , are expected to be released the third week of November , according to Michael Dell , chairman and chief executive officer . 
`` The main feature of the new organization is that each local manager will have both the authority and accountability for profitable and technically sound operations , '' said Charles E. Spruell , president of the Mobil unit . 
Humility Helper 
Ramon Garcia , the Asset Trust 's executive trustee , admits to what he calls `` temporary setbacks . '' 
First City said that because of increased competition in the credit-card business , it had decided it either had to expand its own holdings substantially or sell them . 
I think Peter even made some deals with the gorillas . '' 
And so on . 
In the nine months , GM Hughes net fell 6.6 % to $ 486.6 million , or $ 1.48 a share , from $ 521 million , or $ 1.58 a share . 
Denise McDonald , a spokeswoman for MADD , says , `` It 's scary , because anybody could do this . '' 
While this indicates continued strong demand for the company 's desk-top computers , Sun faces increasing competition from Digital Equipment Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co . 
The acceptances give Orkem a controlling 53.2 % stake in the company . 
The purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential . 
The company put up `` virtually all '' of its oil and gas properties as collateral , he said . 
William E. Downing , Pacific Bell 's vice president of customer services for the Bay area , says most long-distance companies were blocking about 50 % of all calls . 
Integrated also said it expects to report a second-quarter loss wider than the earlier estimate of about $ 600 million . 
( Mr. Blodgett , who was convicted in Florida state court of selling unregistered securities and in California state court of unlawful use of the telephone to defraud and deceive , is now on probation . 
The rest , he is confident , can be raised . 
It just is n't done . 
NO ALCOHOL : 
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit-card receivables . 
Mr. Templeton bought his shares in several separate purchases between Aug. 30 and Sept. 28 , according to reports with the SEC . 
Bigger business can often better afford to minimize the cost of crime . 
On the other hand , Time Warner said its operating cash flow declined in the quarter for its magazine division , its books division and the Home Box Office programming division . 
They have laid out about $ 1 billion for so-called baccalaureate zero-coupon municipal bonds -- so far offered by Connecticut , Illinois , Virginia and eight other states . 
To be sure , the threat has hit home down here . 
If you 're going to take the risk in this market , you want something extra . '' 
Do you think the British know something that we do n't ? 
Italy 's Foreign Ministry said it is investigating exports to the Soviet Union by an Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. subsidiary called OCN-PPL that makes numerically controlled machine tools . 
Congress authorized $ 50 billion to be borrowed to pay for the thrift bailout . 
Half of those surveyed said they simply walk these days for exercise . 
I 'm not going to do anything that is not acceptable in anyone 's home . 
The researchers said they have isolated a plant gene that prevents the production of pollen . 
Nomura , the world 's biggest securities company largely by virtue of its protected home field , and Industrial Bank of Japan , Japan 's most innovative and aggressive bank in capital markets abroad , captain the opposing sides . 
In addition , the fall selling season has generally been a good one , especially for those retailers dependent on apparel sales for the majority of their revenues . 
`` Jon Peters will come barreling into a room , say he 's got a great idea , and be gone . 
But the yeast genetic apparatus is more like that of animals than the bacterial genetic apparatus . 
Mr. Savaiko noted that copper had a steep fall in spite of a weak dollar , which would normally support the U.S. copper market . 
Locally elected school boards , especially in our larger cities , become the prey of ambitious , generally corrupt , and invariably demagogic local politicians or would-be politicians . 
The Qintex group 's problems began in earnest in March , when Mr. Skase agreed to buy MGM\/UA Communications Co . 
Says one city official : `` Everybody else had brought in the wagons and made their deal . 
Technically , Mr. Kaiser noted that a lot of traders had bought into the market when the price was in the $ 1.24 to $ 1.26 range , thinking there was support at the $ 1.20 level . 
We even invited the public to stop by and see the program , but there was n't much interest . '' 
Some big companies have teams of in-house experts focusing on safety and business resumption . 
While no one professes to know the exact cost of such a `` brain drain '' to the economy , hardly anyone doubts that it poses a threat . 
But reform has n't taken hold yet . 
Although Mr. Brawer 's appointment as president was long expected , the move on Sept. 25 precipitated the resignation of Alan Lesk as senior vice president of sales and merchandising . 
Congress is paralyzed from acting on such great issues of the day as the federal budget deficit . 
Showtime has also accused HBO of locking up the lion 's share of Hollywood 's movies by signing exclusive contracts with all the major studios . 
Barely half-an-hour aloft . 
In fact , without Wall Street firms trading for their own accounts , the stock-index arbitrage trading opportunities for the big funds may be all the more abundant . 
Texaco said profit rose 11 % in the quarter , partly due to a massive restructuring . 
C.B. Rogers Jr. was named chief executive officer of this business information concern . 
Still , Bethlehem 's core basic steel operations experienced a steep drop in operating profit to $ 58.6 million from $ 186.4 million a year ago , when the industry enjoyed strong demand and pricing . 
Mark Schoeppner , portfolio manager at Pittsburgh-based Quaker Capital Management , says that in reaction to nervousness about debt-laden buy-out transactions , analysts and investors now appear to be `` valuing stock based on future earnings as opposed to the amount of debt the company can support . '' 
Campeau declined to comment . 
Both reflect the dismissal of lower-level and shorter-tenure executives . 
For OPEC , that 's ideal . 
Claude Bebear , chairman and chief executive officer , of Axa-Midi Assurances , pledged to retain employees and management of Farmers Group Inc. , including Leo E. Denlea Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer , if Axa succeeds in acquiring Farmers . 
The latter are modish , trendy , often downright silly , and at best insubstantial . 
The constraints do n't bother the office 's 54-year-old manager , Erich Stromeyer . 
Utilities are a classic example : Even in recessions , people continue to use electric power , water and gas at a fairly steady rate . 
Two weeks ago , in a campaign to blunt inflation at home and arrest a world-wide plunge in the pound , he raised base rates a full percentage point to 15 % . 
And if we 're not ombudsman for our area , we ought to be thrown out of office . 
`` We continue to be on target for ... increasing TPA sales 20 % to 25 % this year , '' said founder and Chief Executive Officer Robert Swanson . 
Moreover , the extensive program in effect establishes a floor for the stock price , said Joel Price , analyst for Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
While lawyers arranged individual tie-ups before , the formal network of court reporters should make things easier and cheaper . 
In the third quarter a year-earlier , the construction and engineering concern posted a loss of $ 51.2 million , or $ 4.68 a share . 
For most of the past nine years , he has striven to convince anti-abortion activists of his stalwart support for their position . 
A simultaneous announcement was made in Moscow . 
What you then do is you make them think inappropriately . '' 
The Sept. 25 `` Tracking Travel '' column advises readers to `` Charge With Caution When Traveling Abroad '' because credit-card companies charge 1 % to convert foreign-currency expenditures into dollars . 
That trend , and Wells Fargo 's heavy exposure to leveraged buy-outs , are about the only worries analysts have about Wells Fargo 's financial picture . 
`` In essence , we run the show . '' 
I do n't know why . '' 
`` I really do n't see the government doing something that Jaguar does n't want over the next 14 months , '' said Kenneth Warren , a Conservative member of Parliament and chairman of the Select Committee on Trade and Industry in Britain 's House of Commons . 
A year earlier , the company had a loss of $ 10.8 million , or $ 3.04 a share , on revenue of $ 10.8 million . 
Before July , pro-choice voters could safely make political decisions without focusing narrowly on abortion . 
An investor who may have placed a stop-loss order at $ 90 under a stock that was trading at $ 100 a share on the Friday before the crash was stunned to discover that the order was filled at $ 75 when the stock opened at that price on Monday . 
When they did , his commanders did n't have the initiative to do more than block a couple of roads . 
Another ad pictures a tree ant , magnified 80 times , with the headline , `` For impact far beyond your size consider our regional editions . '' 
At the time , Eagle reached a new credit agreement with Bankers Trust and with Bank Leumi Trust Co. of New York for $ 8 million , and a new subordinated debt accord with First Century Partners and Biny management for $ 2 million . 
Southern New England Telecommunications , which bolstered its marketing efforts for telephone and non-telephone subsidiaries , reported that net increased 8.1 % . 
Ingersoll President Robert M. Jelenic said in a statement that the company is `` delighted by the conclusion of the Goodson relationship '' and will be able to `` concentrate all our energies '' on Ingersoll 's own papers . 
The prime minister 's insistence on keeping a private coterie of advisers -- including an economic guru who openly criticized former Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson -- confused the financial community . 
It is evident that their conversation runs more or less on the following lines : `` I 've submitted the manuscript of my novel under the title ` Teresa de Cepeda , ' and in it I 've treated a few neglected aspects of that eternal problem which ... '' 
Many states already have Enterprise Zones and legislation that combines tax incentives , loans , and grants to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed and minorities . 
Yet , while the failed coup is a major U.S. foreign policy embarrassment , it is merely the latest chapter in a byzantine relationship between Mr. Noriega and Washington that stretches back three decades . 
Put option on March 31 , 1992 , at a fixed 107 3\/4 to yield 3.5 % . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the debt ratings of certain long-term debt held by this company . 
Mr. Jelenic had been executive vice president for operations . 
The State Department said it had received a new letter on the subject from Israeli Foreign Minister Moshe Arens , restating Israel 's previous objection to negotiating with any Palestinian tied to the PLO . 
Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , whose $ 240-a-share offer for UAL in August triggered a bidding war , says he remains interested in the airline . 
For instance , he suggests that salespeople making telephone calls should say to themselves : `` All I want to do today is get 50 rejections . '' 
Last week , Sen. Malcolm Wallop ( R. , Wyo . ) held hearings on a bill to strengthen an existing law designed to reduce regulatory hassles for small businesses . 
Canadian steel ingot production totaled 276,334 metric tons in the week ended Oct. 14 , down 5.3 % from the preceding week 's total of 291,890 tons , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
Oil Spill Case Shows Liability Fund Flaws 
While KKR does n't control SCI TV which is unusual for a KKR investment -- it clearly has much deeper pockets than Mr. Gillett . 
Also , Sheldon Aboff , formerly a vice president at Maxwell , was named group vice president with responsibility for various electronic and publishing-group companies . 
Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal Weekly , published in New York for North American readers , will rise 6 % . 
Nissan has increased earnings more than market share by cutting costs and by taking advantage of a general surge in Japanese car sales . 
The group 's bid for $ 40.9 million of wastewater treatment insured bonds , Series 1989 A , produced a 7.0826 % true interest cost . 
But that was not the case at NBC News , which has been dogged with the image of not being aggressive on major breaking stories . 
Yet the bill is riding high on the furor over drug trafficking . 
For the nine months , earnings totaled $ 36.6 million , or $ 1.24 a share , down 46 % from $ 68.1 million , or $ 2.19 a share , a year earlier . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , BSB closed at $ 17.50 , up 12.5 cents . 
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking-related business . 
These proposals include changing the term of the chairman , shortening the terms of the members , eliminating the presidents of the Federal Reserve Banks from the decision-making process , putting the Secretary of the Treasury on the Federal Reserve Board , having the Fed audited by an arm of Congress ( the General Accounting Office ) , putting the Fed 's expenditures in the budget , and requiring prompt publication of the Fed 's minutes . 
Broad Inc. said it doubled its regular quarterly dividend to five cents a share from 2.5 cents on common , and to 4.5 cents a share 2.25 cents on Class B stock , payable Nov. 10 to holders of record Nov. 6 . 
Euro Disneyland shares made a debut like Snow White yesterday while most of the London stock market looked like it had eaten the Evil Queen 's poisoned apple . 
The tentative pact would resolve part of a broad investigation of the Atlanta-based company in the past year . 
Separately , on the Pacific Stock Exchange , put and call options on the common stock of Aldus Corp. started trading . 
That does n't scare Digital , which has grown to be the world 's second-largest computer maker by poaching customers of IBM 's mid-range machines . 
The Franklin Lakes , N.J. , company is expected to report sales growth of only 5 % to 6 % , but should still maintain earnings growth of 10 % , says Jerry E. Fuller , an analyst with Duff & Phelps Inc . 
Mr. Lagnado said that although retailers probably wo n't ever recover sales lost because of the California quake and Hurricane Hugo , they could see some benefits later on . 
But Mr. Batchelder says that Citicorp 's `` failure to deliver '' on its promise to raise the UAL bank debt for a labor-management buy-out group `` is very distressing to potential users of a ` highly-confident ' letter from commercial banks . '' 
Mr. Emshwiller is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Los Angeles bureau . 
Financiere de Paribas at 1,850 French francs ( $ 297 ) a share . 
`` We think there 's a good prospect that competition is going to get pretty fierce in this market , '' said James E. Day , a First City vice president . 
On the other hand , only 42 % say foreign cars are less comfortable than U.S. models , down from 55 % in 1987 . 
Court in Brief 
Ms. Jepson is a free-lance music writer in New York . 
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million . 
Mr. Lerner is a writer and historian living in New York . 
Now along comes Stephen Jay Gould to dash this flattering illusion . 
One of the most prominent features is the requirement that in three years all exchanges have in place a system that records all trades by a source independent of the executing broker . 
That happens when nervous stock investors dump equities and buy Treasurys , which are higher in quality and thus considered safe . 
Junk-holders say they have a stick to beat KKR with : `` The threat of bankruptcy is a legitimate tool '' to extract money from KKR , says one big SCI TV holder . 
`` I think that you will see a significant improvement in the budget formulation and execution process which , in turn , I believe will result in a significant increase in revenue , '' he said . 
`` We believe that the vast majority of imported material is safe . 
Like other zeros , they pay all their interest at maturity , meaning that buyers can time things so that their bonds pay off just when Junior graduates from high school . 
And that puts added pressure on Chez Panisse dessert-menu planners . 
For Gorky , Mr. Helpern provided an aural collage of Debussy and Rachmaninoff , which is less a score than a separate character with a distinct point of view . 
`` They 've had this field to themselves for over a year now , and they 've been greatly rewarded , '' said Bob Katsive , an analyst at Disk\/Trend Inc. , a market researcher in Los Altos , Calif . 
Earnings per share were 10.35 kronor compared with 5.80 kronor . 
Mr. Stoltzman introduced his colleagues : Bill Douglas , pianist\/bassoonist\/composer and an old buddy from Yale , and jazz bassist Eddie Gomez . 
Mr. Soule says his only beef was that the massages were being given in a company conference room ; the department 's supervised health facility would have been fine . 
Granges said it also plans in the third quarter to write down the carrying value of the Tartan mine by 2.5 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 2.12 million ) , and to write off most of the C$ 6.3 million carrying value of its Windflower gold property in British Columbia . 
The new stock baskets `` are going to make it easier for program trading to be done . 
Paris closed lower , and most Brussels shares were unable to trade for a second consecutive day because of technical problems . 
A Concord spokeswoman called the suit `` unfounded '' but declined to comment further . 
But the Japanese insist upon Japanese managers everywhere they set up shop . 
While utilization management frequently reduces hospitalization costs , these savings are often offset by increases in outpatient services and higher administrative costs , according to the report by a panel of health-care experts . 
But many bankers remain nervous , especially as the start-up of the contract continues to be delayed . 
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists . 
`` Ford 's appetite to attack { Jaguar } could gradually wane over time , particularly if Saab is a reasonably attractive proposition , '' says John Lawson , an auto analyst at London 's Nomura Research Institute . 
Pension Reserves : Holdings by pension funds . 
The laws of heredity dictate that half of the plants springing from these greenhouse-produced seeds will be male sterile and herbicide resistant and half will be male fertile and herbicide susceptible . 
Mr. Baker 's assistant for inter-American affairs , Bernard Aronson , while maintaining that the Sandinistas had also broken the cease-fire , acknowledged : `` It 's never very clear who starts what . '' 
Fujitsu itself , which said the bid had n't been approved by its headquarters , was clearly embarrassed . 
Mr. Checchi 's purchase of NWA , Mr. Batchelder notes , `` was probably the most aggressive to date , '' with bank debt at 85 % of the purchase price . 
Keith Mulrooney , special assistant to Federal Highway Administrator Thomas Larson , also said that after the 1971 San Fernando earthquake in Southern California , the state set tougher standards for bridges , and with federal aid , began a program to retrofit highways and bridges for earthquake hazards . 
On the other , he seeks to convince voters he 's the new Fiorello LaGuardia -- affable , good-natured and ready to lead New York out of the mess it 's in . 
Soon we have our limit of the shimmering fish stippled in rose-gold and black . 
Naturally , Senator Boren and his committee would like free rein to blame the executive branch while stamping `` top secret '' on their own complicity . 
The Reagan administration also put Mr. Noriega 's G-2 back on the U.S. payroll . 
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official . 
Air-freight carriers raised their rates for U.S. products going across the Pacific to Asia by about 20 % earlier this month . 
`` Because there is a lot more volatility now , if guys see that they can make a quick 10 % or 15 % profit , they 'll take it . '' 
`` Shortageflation , '' as economists have come to call it , had gone hyper . 
But institutional investors may wait a little longer to appraise the direction of the U.S. monetary policy and the dollar , traders said . 
But if you overlook all this , it is a beautiful market for investment still . '' 
Sea Containers Ltd. , in a long-awaited move to repel a hostile takeover bid , said it will sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 apiece . 
There 's no huge buying , '' said Stephen Hill , head of equity sales at Jardine Fleming Securities Ltd. in Tokyo . 
1 . Make sure you have a strong personnel department . 
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia-Pacific is offering . 
Elsewhere , Valley National continued its slide , dropping 2 1\/8 to 15 on 1.7 million shares . 
One sign of Mr. Deaver 's renaissance : an appearance on ABC 's `` Nightline '' for a show on pack journalism . 
Because it operates on a fiscal year , Bear Stearns 's yearly filings are available much earlier than those of other firms . 
But that share issue -- intended to make Trelleborg better known among international investors -- was postponed until market conditions stabilize , people familiar with the situation say . 
Richard J. Riordan was elected a director of this single-family home builder , increasing the board to nine . 
During the third quarter , Exxon purchased 8.34 million shares of its stock at a cost of $ 373 million . 
Ford might succeed because many shareholders are speculators keen for a full bid or institutional investors unhappy over Jaguar management 's handling of its current financial difficulties . 
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 . 
`` They need to do something about this , '' said Maury Harris , economist at PaineWebber Group Inc . 
One man wrapped several diamonds in the knot of his tie . 
Investment bankers following UAL agree that the strongest impetus for an eventual deal is that the pilots have been attempting a buy-out for more than two years , and are n't likely to stop , having come so close to success . 
The Soviet entrenchment in Nicaragua is alarming for Costa Rica , a peaceful democracy without an army . 
If not now , when ? 
Output in the energy sector , which can vary greatly with swings in the oil market , rose 3.8 % in August from May but was down 7.1 % from a year earlier . 
( Industrial output surged 21 % in 1988 , while inflation peaked last February at nearly 30 % . ) 
Bostik is the first Emhart Corp. unit to be sold as part of the power-tool manufacturer 's effort to reduce debt and consolidate operations after it acquired Emhart earlier this year . 
We know that very early exposure to schooling improves performance in the first grade , but afterward the difference is quickly washed away . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Excluding an increase in the tax rate and the effects of foreign currency translations , Mr. Millis said the company 's results `` were still a little disappointing . '' 
Its problem , they say , is that management paid too much in the leveraged buy-out and the current $ 515 million debt load is keeping Revco in the red . 
`` It 's a nice feeling to know that things stabilized , '' said Mr. Sherman , the 51-year-old co-owner of a discount department store . 
In a crush of trucks and horse carts on the trodden field , Andrzej Latowski wrestles a screeching , overweight hog into the trunk of a private butcher 's Polish Fiat . 
Ashton-Tate Corp. reported a net loss of $ 19.4 million , or 74 cents a share , for the third quarter , which was burdened by severance costs and the expense of upgrading its database software inventories . 
And the league is trying to get more for its three-year national network contract , which expires after this season . 
`` They want the full press releases on printer announcements by their competition , '' Mr. Amram says . 
Credit Lyonnais Australia Ltd . ( French parent ) -- 50 million Australian dollars of 16 1\/4 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1992 , priced at 102 to yield 16.03 % less full fees , via Hambros Bank Ltd . 
Additionally , Crossland reported a third-quarter loss of $ 175.5 million , or $ 13.44 a share , compared with net income of $ 27.1 million , or $ 1.16 a share , a year ago . 
By day 's end , the Dow industrials had rebounded 88.12 points , or nearly half of Friday 's drop . 
Franklin said it expects to report earnings for the latest quarter next week . 
For an investor paying tax at a 33 % rate , a seemingly puny 6 % yield on a one-year muni is equivalent to a taxable 9 % . 
AT&T gave a 5 % to 10 % discount to the Memphis , Tenn. , company that oversees Holiday Inns , in response to a similar discount offered to Holiday Corp. by MCI Communications Corp . 
To answer the brokerage question , Kidder , in typical fashion , completed a task-force study . 
Yet these figures show only the most visible part of the problem . 
( Put options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to sell a financial instrument at a specified price , while call options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to buy a financial instrument at a specified price ) . 
And the ad copy is cheeky : `` How can you be a Wall Street hot shot without at least one Brooks Brothers suit in your portfolio ? '' 
Coca-Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft-drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country . 
For the first nine months , the trade deficit was 14.933 trillion lire , compared with 10.485 trillion lire in the year-earlier period . 
Then they opened small gift shops mostly aimed at Japanese tourists . 
The House Energy Committee will debate the issue later this month . 
Operating profit from carbon products , such as graphite electrodes , also declined , to $ 6 million from $ 20 million . 
Turkey 's legislature elected Prime Minister Ozal as the country 's first civilian president since 1960 , opening the way for a change of government under a new premier he will select . 
For all of 1988 , Bouygues had consolidated profit of 519 million francs , after payments to minority interests , on revenue of 50 billion francs . 
Enthusiasts say the booming market has opened up a valuable new source of funds to issuers , while providing a valuable new investment for individuals and institutions . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
If they wo n't change their ways voluntarily , maybe somebody bigger -- Congress -- should make them . 
Manhattan National Corp. said Michael A. Conway , president and chief executive officer , was elected chief executive of the holding company 's two principal insurance subsidiaries . 
The idea was to let small investors , the backbone of the fund business , deal in the money market 's high short-term interest rates . 
As for 1990 , the firm predicts that profit will slip to between $ 1 billion and $ 1.5 billion . 
The company reported third-quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier . 
Until Avery makes an acquisition , Messrs. Peltz and May will waive their direct salaries and bonuses , the company said . 
On the civil side , the Manhattan prosecutor filed an average of only 11 cases for every 100,000 adults during the same period ; the San Francisco U.S. attorney averaged 79 . 
The realty unit might take on new debt or obtain additional investors , among other possibilities . 
He said the normal ratio is five to six weeks . 
He said shipments are continuing at a `` healthy '' pace and the company has no excess inventory . 
According to the Middle East Economic Survey , the North African nation is holding talks with Italy for adding a fourth pipe to a section of the Trans-Mediterranean pipeline , expanding capacity by up to six billion cubic meters a year from 12.5 billion . 
The administration officials do n't ordinarily meet with the entire membership of the open market committee . 
Indeed , it would be irresponsible to ignore such sources of information . '' 
Furthermore , because timing is so critical with RU-486 , she will learn , via a pelvic examination and ultrasound , not only that she is pregnant , but just how pregnant she is . 
New Jersey gubernatorial candidate Rep. James Florio pointedly returned from campaigning to vote against the president yesterday in contrast with his opponent , GOP Rep. James Courter , who has ardently supported abortion restrictions in the past but was absent . 
The impact of the destruction of this 2.5-mile stretch of highway was tragically measured in lost lives . 
When he sent letters offering 1,250 retired major leaguers the chance of another season , 730 responded . 
Unconstitutional bills make good legal targets , but the line-item veto is better understood as a political opportunity than as mere fodder for lawyers . 
David Tagg , formerly in charge of gambling operations , was appointed chief executive for retailing and property . 
He was succeeded by internal-security chief Egon Krenz , 52 , a hard-liner who quickly ruled out any sharing of power with pro-democracy groups . 
One provision last night would have raised the cap on disaster loans to $ 500,000 from $ 100,000 per household to accommodate San Francisco losses . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
The broadcasting and newspaper concern , based in Chicago , said net was $ 62.7 million , or 77 cents a primary share , up from $ 51.6 million , or 69 cents a share . 
No one panicked , '' a spokeswoman says . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. will manage the offering . 
In a related move , Pierre Lortie , chairman and chief executive , resigned . 
American Medical jumped 1 7\/8 to 23 5\/8 . 
Sales for the year rose almost 15 % to $ 1.34 billion from $ 1.17 billion last year . 
Which is what the Old Guard fears . 
The other is that he 's an Oakland native , and lifted residents ' spirits by his visits to quake-hit areas last week . 
( Mr. Garrison notes , however , that the Garfield tomb is one of the nation 's premier examples of Romanesque architecture . ) 
Most insurers already have mobilized their `` catastrophe '' teams to begin processing claims from their policyholders in northern California . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied on the news , closing 39.55 points higher at 2683.20 . 
These types of bonds have been used in buy-outs of companies such as RJR Nabisco Inc. , Storer Communications Inc. and Kroger Co . 
In the August proxy material , Avery said that unless it sold Uniroyal , its ability to service debt would be hurt and Avery 's shareholder value would `` continue to erode . '' 
Current interest serial bonds are tentatively priced to yield to 7.05 % in 2002 . 
In 1988 , the company earned $ 1.38 a share . 
The reaction to the UAL debacle `` is mindless , '' says John Connolly , chief market strategist at Dean Witter . 
`` How interesting . '' 
Fund officials negotiated the final structure of the proposed deal with Santa Fe Pacific , but they were approached with the idea by real estate brokers JMB Realty Corp. of Chicago . 
Other institutional users reportedly include Marriott , which is moving away from fresh eggs on a region-by-region basis . 
General Motors Corp. said it will temporarily idle its Arlington , Texas , assembly plant for one week beginning Monday because of slow sales . 
This may have been true 10 years ago , but times have changed , even in Utah . 
International Paper or Weyerhaeuser could step in . '' 
Many Indians fear a repeat of that experience . 
Their stock in trade as `` executive producers '' is sniffing out hot properties , locking them up and then getting big studios to bankroll and distribute them . 
The new structure would be similar to a recapitalization in which holders get a special dividend yet retain a controlling ownership interest . 
`` The stock , in my opinion , is going to go lower , not only because of disappointing earnings but { because } the credibility gap is certainly not closing , '' says L. Craig Carver of Dain Bosworth . 
The crowd groans , Mr. Jones shakes his head , the Cowboys lose the game . 
And plans to raise another $ 20 million through changes to an insurance policy have hit a snag , the source said . 
And real estate usually has n't traded well under public ownership . 
Investigators have been trying to determine whether the crash was an accident , sabotage or suicide . 
`` The others will probably be delivered as well , but Carnival will likely have to pay a higher price for them . '' 
By pooling their resources , the two groups have effectively halved the design and development costs that would otherwise have been entailed , he said . 
Extensions ca n't be granted for filing employment-tax returns due Oct. 31 or for depositing withheld taxes , but late penalties will be abated for deposits made by Nov. 15 . 
The treatment turned Trelleborg into one of Scandinavia 's biggest and fastest-growing industrial concerns . 
`` They are n't prepared to compete in an area where the Japanese want to enter . '' 
He adds : `` We , and the rest of the EC have to talk to the Germans , now , frankly and raise these future risks with them . '' 
And they are quietly linking up with U.S. publishing trade groups . 
Economists expected twice as large an increase . 
In its last fiscal year , Nissan 's profit represented just 2.3 % of sales , compared with 4.3 % at Toyota . 
As part of the plan , the Houston-based company 's 1,100 Stop 'N Go stores will be refocused to target black , Hispanic , upscale or core middle-class customers . 
Especially his neighbors , the major U.S. steelmakers . 
As a Channel Islander , I was amazed to see my birthplace listed as one of `` 86 countries with an income tax . '' 
It includes apartments , shopping centers , office buildings and undeveloped land . 
Some producers of polyethylene , figuring the inventory reductions are near an end , have announced price boosts . 
Junk bond price climbed yesterday despite skittishness in the new-issue market for high-yield securities . 
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies . 
The Treasury expressed pleasure , however , with the government of Taiwan , which was cited for exchange-rate manipulation in last year 's report . 
The work force provides the third arm of the `` alliance . '' 
Sales dropped 4 % to $ 1.12 billion from $ 1.17 billion . 
In fact , yesterday the administration and Congress were still differing on what had been agreed to . 
Economists suggested that if the pound falls much below 2.90 marks , the government will be forced to increase rates to 16 % , both to halt any further decline and ensure that the balance of monetary policy remains unchanged . 
He recalled to the audience a `` strange , infelicitous '' analogy he once heard arguing `` now that we have finally recognized that American blacks have rights , we need to do the same for animals . 
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble . 
Proceeds from the note sale will be used to repay a portion of the bank borrowings used by Beatrice to redeem its $ 526.3 million principal amount of increasing rate debentures in August . 
Rohm & Haas , which plans to start operating seven new production units this year , attributed the profit slide partly to higher start-up expense . 
For the year , Winnebago had a loss of $ 4.7 million , or 19 cents a share , following profit of $ 2.7 million , or 11 cents a share , a year earlier . 
For example , infertile couples who have the woman 's eggs fertilized in the test tube usually have several eggs fertilized at a time . 
Mr. Wanniski is president of Polyconomics Inc. , of Morristown , N.J . 
Silicon Graphics Inc. 's first-quarter profit rose sharply to $ 5.2 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 1 million , or six cents a share , a year ago . 
`` I feel people should be allowed to remember players as they were . '' 
He believes in what he plays , and he plays superbly . 
Both periods included non-recurring charges of $ 3 million for early retirement of debt . 
Brooks Armored Car Service Inc. never wanted to get into money laundering . 
Great American Bank , citing depressed Arizona real estate prices , posted a third-quarter loss of $ 59.4 million , or $ 2.48 a share . 
At noon Friday , a senior White House official advised Richard Rahn , the Chamber 's chief economist , that the White House would not agree to a budget reconciliation bill unless it had firm assurances that a vote on substance would be permitted in the Senate . 
According to one analyst , prices opened higher because of reports over the weekend that Brazil and Colombia , at the Pan-American summit meeting in Costa Rica , had agreed to a reduction in their coffee export quotas for the sake of creating a new agreement . 
Bristol-Myers Co. and Squibb Corp. , Princeton , N.J. , merged Oct. 4 , but the new company reported third-period earnings for both companies . 
He said current expectations are for an entry level machine to be shipped in December , with all of the more sophisticated versions out by June . 
An article in the World Business Report of Sept. 22 editions incorrectly referred to his father , Grand Duke Jean , as the crown prince . 
The stock of UAL Corp. continued to be pounded amid signs that British Airways may balk at any hasty reformulation of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Airlines ' parent . 
But an official at a long-term credit bank explained that since some larger banks have already taken loss provisions for loans to other Third World nations , further write-offs could be viewed as intolerable . 
Separately , a federal judge hearing Mr. Hunt 's bankruptcy case yesterday turned down a proposed $ 65.7 million settlement between Mr. Hunt and Minpeco S.A. , another major creditor in the case . 
In national over-the-counter trading Friday , LIN shares rose 62.5 cents to close at $ 110.625 . 
Still , Mr. Johnson said , `` our stock is grossly undervalued . '' 
`` The perception out there is that we are very conservative and we only sell one type of suit , '' Mr. Roberti says , referring to Brooks Brothers ' signature three-button `` sack suit , '' with a center-vented jacket and boxy fit . 
Insiders say that not even their editors know for sure how much these show-piece publications , along with the newspapers , have cost Mr. Moon . 
They told her , ` We do n't hire fat people and we do n't hire cripples . 
Lincoln 's collapse may cost taxpayers as much as $ 2.5 billion , according to estimates , making it the most expensive thrift failure in history . 
Early in October , six Arab nations in the Persian Gulf jacked up prices sharply . 
Since the preferred stock is cumulative , Amdura said it will pay all omitted dividends , which range from $ 1.19 to $ 4.88 a share , when debt-reduction requirements have been met . 
And IBM said it expects the costs to continue climbing . 
In subsequent tests , the agency found smaller-size cans from several Chinese plants to be similarly contaminated . 
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report . 
In the past 10 years about 50 journalists have been silenced forever , murdered . 
But the market turmoil could be partially beneficial for some small businesses . 
A one-time write-off for booking nonexistent revenue was partly to blame , but so were lower profits from a stingier contract with the Army and delays in getting paid . 
It is well-known that the regular Afghan infantry is filled with reluctant conscripts . 
News of the halt comes amid growing anger in the Ukraine and Byelorussia over continuing high levels of radiation from Chernobyl . 
Even though the government would retain the 45 % stake in Picop , critics have accused the trust of selling out to foreigners . 
`` Everytime we talked about Blinder International , { people } thought it was the brokerage house . '' 
Another important revision of department policy is a new guideline warning prosecutors `` not to take steps that would harm innocent third parties '' in a case brought under the racketeering law , the official , David Runkel , said . 
She noted that the preliminary estimate of the third-quarter gross national product is due out tomorrow and is expected to be up about 2.5 % to 3 % . 
Hong Kong 's main measure of consumer prices rose 10 % in September from a year earlier , the government said . 
Most of the expenses stem from the company 's huge Mirage resort-casino scheduled to open next month along the Strip , and an April 1989 financing by units operating the downtown Golden Nugget property . 
That offer was endorsed by the shareholders committee . 
Mission Resource Partners lost 5 1\/4 to 14 1\/8 . 
A prominent businessman in Bombay gives a similar testimonial : `` I have been taking it daily since 1961 . 
She held her fire with her first production at the Trinity earlier this season . 
Color Systems , which converts black-and-white film to color videotape , posted a loss of $ 7.1 million , or $ 1.32 a share , on revenue of $ 10.6 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 . 
TransCanada declined to comment on the Foothills application . 
The former executives were indicted last October on charges of fraud , theft and conspiracy related to efforts by the company to win $ 400 million in Postal Service contracts . 
About 20 other deaths were also attributed to the earthquake . 
Prices on the larger models , which range as high as $ 13 million , generally wo n't change . 
Under the accord , Cray Research will transfer to Mr. Cray 's fledgling operation $ 53.3 million of assets primarily related to the Cray-3 development project his team is undertaking and will lend Cray Computer $ 98.6 million . 
By midmorning , the DJIA had plunged 80 points and foreign-exchange dealers quickly drove the dollar down . 
The equity kicker is not attached to the offering , but underwriters said it will be offered after a filing for 68,548 common shares of CNW Holdings is declared effective by the Securities & Exchange Commission . 
But the press kept it alive ; as with the Recruit scandal , lists began circulating with names of people who had received money . 
Although Mr. Morishita says little about his business , he offers one rule to success : Never gamble too far . 
At another point he intones : `` Publicity is a small price to pay for secrecy . '' 
`` Nope , we still say to stick with Treasurys , '' Mr. Corcoran replies . 
The purchase comes after nearly three years of on-again off-again talks between TCI and Viacom , which has also discussed the sale of an interest in Showtime with other cable operators . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
But early this year , PepsiCo Inc. 's Taco Bell unit and Wendy 's International Inc. slashed prices and stepped up promotions , says John Rohs , an analyst for Wertheim Schroder & Co . 
The only time the violin has it is right at the end . 
Researchers began using the drug in February on patients who had received kidney , liver , heart and pancreas transplants . 
He favors FPL Group Inc. , Florida Progress Corp. , TECO Energy Inc. , Wisconsin Energy Corp. , and Dominion Resources Inc . 
`` People are waiting for { new } factory giveaways , '' said Ben Kaye , sales manager of Bob Brest Auto World in Lynn , Mass. , whose sales are slow . 
One of the mysteries of AIDS remains why infected people produce large quantities of antibodies , but deteriorate nonetheless . 
Ironically , many of the pilots involved have left Eastern or are still striking the carrier , which filed for bankruptcy protection March 9 . 
Chez Panisse was listed among the top 30 restaurants in the world this year by Connoisseur magazine . 
Dr. Blumenfeld is n't unique . 
Of the self-starting vacuum cleaner , he says : `` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . '' 
`` I guess I might have asked Beauregard to leave , but he drops so many good names , we decided to let him stay , '' says Steven Greenberg , publisher of Fame . 
For example , in focusing on Mr. Freeman 's attempt to gain nonpublic information about a deal 's collapse , one does not naturally think about the reverse side of the coin : What if the rumor had been false ? 
`` You 're buying the S&P , and you always want to hold the cheapest form of it , '' he says . 
`` Tokyu is one of the potential buyers who might raise its hand . 
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately . 
Positive currency rates and strong sales growth led to a substantial rise in consolidated profit in the period , although the company did n't provide figures , as is customary with Swiss companies . 
She declined to elaborate and would n't disclose the fund 's recent purchases , sales or cash position . 
Two of the last gestures of the Honecker regime were to close the border to Czechoslovakia and install halogen lights in some spots along the frontier . 
The new contract also eliminates the $ 15 monthly coupon , good only at union-owned grocery stores , that was part of the salary of every worker , from roughneck to chief executive . 
To confuse matters further , when UAL Corp. stock finally opened on the New York Stock Exchange at 11:08 a.m. , the price was listed at $ 324.75 a share , up about $ 45 from Friday ; in fact , its true price was $ 224.75 , down $ 55 . 
Control Data , based in Minneapolis , Minn. , expects its sales of Mips systems , including the new RC6280 , to amount to more than $ 100 million by the end of 1991 , Mips said . 
`` I do n't know what it means over the long run , but for the short term , it appears that gold producers are grateful for the $ 10 or so that gold has risen over the past week or so , '' he said . 
Baron Elie de Rothschild , the family 's elder spokesman , explains that by the end of the 19th century , Berlin had replaced Frankfurt as Germany 's financial center . 
Mr. Phillips also hopes to finally implement a reorganization announced earlier this year but put on hold by the WPP takeover . 
Life is particularly nerve-racking for companies that had planned to go public this week . 
The association said that lack of airport and air space capacity is the biggest problem facing the airline industry . 
It has some of the highest costs in the league . 
Two weeks later -- perhaps in retaliation -- Mr. Ortiz was shot three times in the back , during what police classified as a third robbery attempt . 
Such bonds , she says , are those that are nearing their call date . 
Partners in the survey who devote most of their time to practicing law earned an average of about $ 217,000 . 
But so far Japan 's cash-rich retailers are proving to be cautious shoppers . 
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 . 
We 'll leave them alone . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Having seen the hypocrisy with which Congress has addressed the HUD scandals , we disagree . 
It currently is considering bidding for Swedish Match Co . 
HealthVest missed an interest payment to Bank of Tokyo on Oct. 1 . 
That 's well above what bonds or bank certificates have paid . 
Apple did n't introduce a kanji machine -- one that handles the Chinese characters of written Japanese -- until three years after entering the market . 
Having argued that Galileo 's plutonium power source could have released lethal doses of radiation if the shuttle exploded yesterday , they were n't quieted by yesterday 's successful launch . 
In a porous wicker basket . 
We do not see anything in the fundamentals of our business that would cause us to change our strategy of investing for profitable growth . '' 
In addition to the forecast , the company also said it is examining potential cost cuts and reductions in overhead . 
Separately , Standard & Poor 's Corp. lowered its ratings on Valley National Corp. 's senior debt to double-B from double-B-plus , affecting about $ 300 million of long-term debt . 
In addition to not needing an outside power source , they are potentially cheaper to make because they require fewer manufacturing steps than conventional chips . 
A 300-year-old play may be easier to revive than one merely 25 . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Over the weekend , McCaw continued to call for an auction of LIN . 
( listening ) `` Yeah . 
Individual investors , represented in the general-purpose and broker-dealer fund categories , pulled money from the stock market after its big drop last Friday and put the money into funds , said Jacob Dreyer , vice president and chief economist of the Institute . 
Some will likely be offered severance packages while others will be transferred to overseas operations . 
As larger companies increasingly self-insure , or use reserves to pay their own workers ' medical bills , the insurance industry has turned to the small-employer market that was once a backwater for them . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Capital Cities closed at $ 558.50 , down $ 5 . 
Florida National stock closed unchanged at $ 25.875 in national over-the-counter trading . 
That lawsuit is still pending . 
Its tax base is shrinking , a $ 1 billion budget deficit looms , and the city faces contract negotiations with all major municipal unions next year . 
He added that he had spoken with Mr. Laidig , whom he referred to as a friend , by telephone Monday evening . 
`` People honestly lose money on risky investments that they did n't realize were a crapshoot , '' he says . 
Though the assassination ban is a White House order that Congress never voted on , the intelligence committees can exercise influence over its interpretation . 
Some have been combined into suites for the high rollers . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. counts under 39,000 workers , down 100 from the start of the year and off 8,500 from after its merger and the market collapse two years ago . 
SA Brewing , an Australian brewer , last Thursday was given approval to acquire an option for up to 20 % of Bell Resources Ltd. , a unit of Bond Corp . 
An analyst called it one of the worst trade reports since the dollar bottomed out in 
The class-action suit highlights shortcomings of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Liability Fund , which gets its money from oil companies using the pipeline and compensates those harmed by oil spills . 
For the six months ended Aug. 12 , Provigo posted net income of C$ 6.5 million , or eight Canadian cents a share , compared with C$ 18.1 million , or 21 Canadian cents a share , a year earlier . 
Specifically , he pointed out that compared with the U.S. market , the U.K. has far fewer highly leveraged junk-bond financings . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Automatic Data closed at $ 46.50 a share , down $ 2.25 . 
Caltrans spokesman Jim Drago in Sacramento declined to identify the engineering firm that did the reinforcement work . 
`` We 've had dictation . '' 
The `` Jiotto Caspita '' can run at over 188 miles an hour , a company spokesman said . 
That temblor measured 6.1 on the Richter scale ; Tuesday 's was 
Allianz 's statement stressed the company 's previously announced position that Paribas 's offer price is too low . 
`` There is a large market out there hungry for hybrid seeds , '' he said . 
He sees flashy sports as the only way the last-place network can cut through the clutter of cable and VCRs , grab millions of new viewers and tell them about other shows premiering a few weeks later . 
Arthur B. Crozier , 34 , an attorney , was named secretary , succeeding John Virtue , who was another of the ousted directors . 
Last Friday , Qintex Entertainment Inc. , its 43%-owned U.S. TV production and distribution affiliate , filed for Chapter 11 protection . 
Though his operation was registered and used only scrap , he was accused of conducting illegal business and possessing illegal materials . 
Traders said that Mr. Greenspan , whose statements are ordinarily cautious , was especially careful to avoid any jarring proclamations , with fears about equities still unnerving financial markets . 
Revenue for the latest period was up 11 % to $ 682.7 million , from $ 614.6 million . 
At the time , the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at about 2200 . 
We may all hope that California 's voters will heed the scientific realities that their own university 's renowned Prof. Tom Jukes provides them and ignore the charlatanry profferred by their `` wealthy Hollywood weepers . '' 
Mr. Goldberg says the cost of the earthquake will definitely top $ 1 billion and could reach $ 4 billion . 
That may not come as a surprise to Americans who have watched the Japanese snap up properties in the U.S. from golf courses to a stake in Rockefeller Center . 
Ms. Malcolm had Mr. Masson describing himself as `` an intellectual gigolo . '' 
Wisconsin Toy currently has about 4.7 million shares outstanding . 
For the nine months , Valley National posted a net loss of $ 136.4 million , or $ 6.90 a share . 
The company took a $ 20 million charge in the fiscal first quarter ended April 29 , related to discontinuing the service . 
Although some of the study 's recommendations resemble those of similar projects , the makeup of the task force was unusually diverse , adding significance to the effort . 
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Allied-Signal shares closed at $ 35.125 , off 87.5 cents . 
But Irving Kayton , a patent expert at George Mason University School of Law who is familiar with the case , said the fact that seven patents were infringed `` suggests that infringement was willful . 
The British defense electronics group has said it will sell # 100 million in assets and may seek a merger to strengthen itself in the wake of its troubles . 
Huge fire from broken gas main in the Marina in SF . 
`` Credibility sounds intangible . 
The TW prospectus says that if the acquisition had been completed earlier , pretax earnings `` would have been insufficient to cover its fixed charges , including interest on debt securities , '' by approximately $ 62.7 million in the first six months of 1989 . 
As the market tumbled , disorderly market conditions prevailed : The margins between buying bids and selling bids widened ; trading in many stocks was suspended ; orders took unduly long to be executed ; and many specialists stopped trading altogether . 
A Japan Air Lines spokesman said its flights into and out of San Francisco were n't affected , but getting information about its operations was difficult . 
McCaw is seeking 50.3 % of the cellular and broadcasting concern ; the revised offer includes a feature requiring McCaw to begin an auction process in July 1994 that would buy out remaining holders at a per-share price roughly equivalent to what a third party might then have to pay for all of LIN . 
By and large , economists believe the two natural catastrophes will limit economic damage to their regions . 
Tough talk from trade union officials at the conference of the powerful IG Metall metals worker union in West Berlin raised the specter of nationwide strikes next spring , they said . 
My statement , read verbatim from a printed text available to all reporters attending the National Cancer Institute news conference , was the following : `` New clinical trials are already in operation seeking to improve these results . 
Three of the utility 's directors have at least doubled their holdings in the company since July . 
The first signs were economic . 
After reaching an intraday high of $ 107.50 the day Mr. Trump disclosed his bid Oct. 5 , AMR 's stock had retreated as low as $ 97.75 last week . 
Mr. Greenspan said the inflation rate , currently about 4 1\/2 % , `` could be brought down to levels which are close to zero without putting the economy into a recession , but I do suspect that there might be some modest loss of economic output . '' 
Sen. Arlen Specter ( R. , Pa . ) urged acquittal of the judge in a brief circulated to his Senate colleagues during closed-door deliberations . 
The IL-4 receptor is one of five such receptors to be developed and tested by Receptech Corp. , a spinoff of Immunex , through a proposed $ 30 million initial public offering . 
At Continental he cut money-losing operations , which helped produce a modest profit in this year 's second quarter . 
`` Early on in the State Department , we took to calling him the rent-a-colonel , in tribute to his ability to simultaneously milk the antagonistic intelligence services of Cuba and the United States , '' recalls Francis J. McNeil , who , as deputy assistant secretary of state for inter-American affairs , first ran across reports about Mr. Noriega in 1977 . 
Not so fast , says Rep. Mickey Edwards of Oklahoma , a fellow Republican . 
Dow Chemical Co. said third-quarter net income slipped 6.8 % from a record year-ago quarter . 
But there was one bright spot yesterday . 
But the ad also mentions Sears 's sales -- a topic that the retailer has avoided since switching to everyday pricing . 
Referring to Mr. Bennett 's claim that the federal government would provide $ 97 million in emergency federal support , Ms. Thompson wrote , `` Our analysis was unable to even come close to documenting that figure . '' 
It 's uncertain if the pilots will continue to do so without a contract settlement . 
Traders who had bought the goods at prices above the ceiling do n't want to take a loss on resales and are holding onto their stock . 
Compaq Computer soared 4 5\/8 to 111 1\/8 on 1.8 million shares in response to the company 's announcement of plans to introduce several products next month . 
The Chinese problem is much greater -- it 's how to industrialize to begin with . '' 
The proposed merger comes as K mart 's profit is declining and sales at its core discount stores are rising more slowly than at such competitors as Wal-Mart Stores Inc . 
In the year-ago quarter , earnings were $ 42.9 million , or 93 cents a share . 
The quake , which also caused damage in San Jose and Berkeley , knocked out electricity and telephones , cracked roadways and disrupted subway service in the Bay Area . 
Results for the quarter included $ 19.2 million in pretax gains from property transactions , including the sale of one Embassy Suites hotel , and $ 3.5 million of nonrecurring costs associated with the acquisition of the Holiday Inn business by Bass . 
Reuben Mark , chief executive of Colgate-Palmolive , said advertisers lack detailed demographic and geographic breakdowns of magazines ' audiences . 
As at the Zurich bank , the minimum investment for individuals will be high : about a million German marks ( $ 538,000 ) , three times what many other West German investment banks require . 
The consequence can be inflation , brought on as the effect of a desperate bid to avoid the deflationary shock of a sudden crash . 
He would n't leave until Mr. Cheney promised to do whatever the Pentagon systems analysts told him . 
Social Security and spending for poor people are exempted . 
Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight . 
Stocks rallied on good earnings reports and on data that showed less inflation than expected . 
But at the same time , Mr. Gonzalez has n't forgotten a confrontation over Mr. Wall during House-Senate negotiations over S&L bailout legislation during the summer . 
Separately , Reebok completed the acquisition of CML Group Inc. 's Boston Whaler unit , a builder of power boats . 
This kind of jumpy uncertainty reminds John Calverley , senior economist for American Express Bank , of the 1969-72 period , when the industrial average rolled through huge ranges and investors flocked to the shares of companies with proven earnings records , which became known as the `` nifty 50 . '' 
Now , in fact , he is predicting economic growth of 2.9 % this year and 2.1 % next year , a more optimistic outlook than the consensus of some four dozen top forecasters surveyed by Blue Chip Economic Indicators newsletter . 
Earnings at the consumer-products giant were boosted by a gain of $ 125 million , or about 25 cents a share , stemming from last month 's settlement of litigation with three of P&G 's competitors over patents on P&G 's Duncan Hines cookies . 
He says the number of automobile choices is causing stress among consumers today , and that people will simply ignore new models that lack a well-defined image . 
The transaction is expected to close by Nov. 30 . 
The agreement requires approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board and National Companies and Securities Commission , and from shareholders of Paxus . 
Top executives at Continental have n't lasted long , especially those recruited from outside . 
First , the sport you play is no longer a game -- it becomes a job . 
Between then and his bid on Oct. 5 , the price fluctuated between $ 75.625 and $ 87.375 . 
Other changes , including easing restrictions on travel for East Germans , are expected . 
The state had sought as much as $ 4.1 billion in relief , but yesterday the House approved a more general scaled-back measure calling for $ 2.85 billion in aid , the bulk of which would go to California , with an unspecified amount going to regions affected by Hurricane Hugo . 
Energy 
These people used to be called brokers , but apparently this word either is not grandiose enough or carries too many negative connotations from the aforementioned technical correction , when terrified customers could n't raise brokers on the phone . 
`` Progressive education '' ( as it was once called ) is far more interesting and agreeable to teachers than is disciplined instruction . 
The public sector borrowing requirement , the most widely used measure of Britain 's government deficit or surplus , showed a deficit of # 200 million in September , compared with a deficit of # 765 million in August and a deficit of # 1.08 billion in September 1988 , the Treasury said . 
All have a fiveyear earnings growth rate of more than 20 % a year . 
The 1988 quarter also included one-time gains totaling about $ 35 million . 
The need for the loan surprised many analysts and bond holders who had been told at the company 's annual meeting in July that there were n't any major problems ahead . 
I 'm not sure cross-ownership would necessarily make things smoother . '' 
However , Control Data would continue to provide maintenance services for customers of its Cyber product line . 
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects . 
At the same time , Lloyd 's is besieged by disgruntled investors and hamstrung by inefficient but time-honored ways of conducting business . 
Dollar : 141.65 yen , off 0.45 ; 1.8300 marks , off 0.0100 . 
Intelligence Committee Chairman David Boren ( D. , Okla . ) and Vice Chairman William Cohen ( R. , Maine ) , for their part , angrily accused the White House of selectively leaking classified documents and trying unfairly to shift the blame to Congress for the bungled attempt to topple Gen. Noriega . 
Fletcher Challenge Ltd. said its Petrocorp unit agreed to acquire certain Alberta oil and gas interests from Amoco Corp. 's Canadian unit , for about 130 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 110.6 million ) . 
His more is always less . 
Educators added that Next needs to soon offer a color version of its computer . 
Compare the Bush request to what the Senators gave themselves : 
I mean it is a normal adult relationship . 
After all , Mr. Muniak says , `` in Poland there are n't too many people worried about the environment . 
While supporting the Commonwealth `` in utterly condemning apartheid , '' her statement urged it to `` encourage change '' rather than inflict further punishment on the country 's black population . 
Since 1981 , Indian military advisers have been assisting the Kabul regime . 
In the coming decade a majority of people-oriented companies are likely to adopt it . 
The capital-gains tax reform is a step toward correcting one of the gravest structural weaknesses of the U.S. economy , the closely connected phenomena of low savings rates , weak capital formation and high capital costs . 
Bank of Italy has also ordered BNL to shore up its capital base to account for potential foreign loan losses , and the Rome bank has outlined a 3 trillion lire capital-raising operation . 
The A 's offensive showing in the Series got an A , as in awesome . 
He said the original proposal is dead , and all aspects of a revised version are up for change , in light of the changes in UAL 's market price , the amount of debt banks are willing to fund , and the price British Air would be willing to pay . 
`` I thought I was over the hill at 22 , '' recalls Mr. McDuffie , an outgoing man with pale blue eyes and a light Southern drawl . 
The White House has decided to push for changes in pesticide law that are designed to speed the removal of harmful chemicals from the nation 's food supply . 
International Paper and Weyerhaeuser declined to comment . 
Executive Producers Steve Sohmer and Jeff Bleckner ( and writer\/producers Ken Solarz and Steve Bello ) have revved this show up to the breaking point . 
Sales dropped 2 % , to $ 4.8 billion from $ 4.9 billion . 
It would inevitably lead to an increase in marginal income-tax rates in 1990 , he thinks , when the White House is forced to ask for higher taxes to meet budget targets . 
In the corner of his reception room is a delicate antique desk piled high with dossiers . 
`` Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl , '' said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Even if there is n't any widespread discounting , the outlook for industry profits is n't good . 
And , the attorney general added , First Meridian 's president , Roger V. Sala , portrayed himself as a `` financial expert '' when his qualifications largely consisted of a high-school diploma , work as a real-estate and insurance salesman , and a stint as supervisor at a highway toll booth . 
Revenue declined 6.3 % to $ 1.11 billion from $ 1.18 billion . 
BECHTEL CORP. , San Francisco , engineering and construction concern , annual sales of $ 4 billion , had only minor structural damage at its three buildings in the city , but its computers were knocked out . 
Sales of the heart drug TPA were $ 43.6 million , better than last year 's depressed third period when the company sold just $ 29.1 million of the drug . 
The agreement is subject to completion of a definitive amendment and appropriate approvals . 
The 51-48 roll call fell well short of the two-thirds majority needed to approve changes to the Constitution . 
ERC International Inc. , which provides professional and technical services to the military , is refining its defense niche , not retreating from it . 
Separately , Pitney Bowes said third-quarter net income gained 15 % to $ 62 million , or 78 cents a share , from $ 54 million , or 68 cents a share , a year ago . 
`` These systems are more rugged than many people would believe , '' said Thomas Kurlak , who tracks the computer industry for Merrill Lynch Research . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks . 
Jaguar figures a friendly alliance with GM will fend off unwelcome advances from Ford Motor Co . 
Quebecor Class B stock closed at C$ 15.375 , up 62.5 Canadian cents . 
Federal Paper Board sells paper and wood products . 
But the cosmetic changes are n't expected to win over Britain . 
The bankers also insist that the loans depend on the consortium raising more money from new and existing backers . 
At several different levels , it 's a fascinating tale . 
But while U.S. interest may be big and growing , the difficulties that have stymied deals in the past show no sign of abating . 
Out of the mouths of revolutionaries are coming words of moderation . 
Hambros rose 5 to 204 , and Schroders rose 25 to # 12.75 . 
Here are four key steps : 
Food production was ahead 1.7 % from June and 5.3 % from a year earlier . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the chemicals company had net of $ 49.8 million , or 75 cents a share . 
This of course led to disaster in New York City . 
Many of the lost tourism dollars wo n't be recovered ; many trips delayed never take place . 
Not everyone , however , is at ease with office massage . 
Much of the cost of cleaning up after the earthquake will involve repairing highways and bridges . 
Perhaps the biggest of those factors is its high ad prices -- $ 130,000 for a four-color page , vs. $ 47,000 for the Smithsonian , a comparable publication with a far smaller circulation . 
The Nasdaq Composite has gained 23 % this year , but that 's largely due to the 100 largest nonfinancial stocks , which have soared 30 % . 
`` I believe that the perception that legislation in this area may be hastily approved contributed to the collapse of the UAL transaction , and the resulting disruption in the financial markets experienced this past Friday , '' Mr. Trump wrote members of Congress . 
Profit rose 38 % at American Express Information Services to $ 21.6 million . 
Mr. Bebear added that the French insurer would keep Farmers ' headquarters in Los Angeles and `` will not send French people to run the company . '' 
The West German chemical concern said it will close the last remaining fertilizer plant in Oberhausen in the fall of next year . 
The most onerous , many entrepreneurs say , is the record-keeping and filing required by tax authorities . 
`` If the futures markets have a problem , then those products could have a problem , '' says John Zumbrunn , managing director of Prudential Insurance Co. of America 's Investment Index Technologies Inc. unit . 
The problem is that on the vital issue of monetary policy and exchange rates , conservative , free-market economists divide into at least three incompatible camps . 
Philip and Linda move into her mansion and ca n't keep their hands off each other , even in front of the Hawaiian\/Japanese houseman . 
The New York arm of the London-based auction house auctioned off the estate of John T. Dorrance Jr. , the Campbell 's Soup Co. heir , for $ 131 million last week , a record for a single-owner art collection . 
In the U.S. , PCs commonly perform many tasks and plug into a broad network . 
American Express representatives apparently influenced the publication of unfavorable articles about Mr. Safra . 
Viewers may not be cheering , either . 
And while the Japanese have stepped up their purchases of U.S. shares in the past several months , they have shown themselves in the past to be fickle investors . 
Companies `` are n't comfortable playing these games , but they realize they 're under pressure to make their policies look good , '' says Timothy Pfiefer , an actuarial consultant at Tillinghast , a unit of Towers Perrin Co. , the big New York consulting firm . 
`` Smoking prevention programs should reach larger segments of the population , especially children , adolescents and minorities . '' 
Corporate managers who want to start their own business are the highest failure risks . 
These consist of current interest bonds due 1990-2002 , 2010 and 2015 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2003 and 2004 , tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 7.14 % in 2010 . 
Even Carlos Manuel Castillo -- the presidential candidate for Mr. Arias 's National Liberation Party -- made public his opposition to the presence of Nicaragua `` in a democratic festivity . '' 
Journalists and their families are constantly threatened as are the newspaper distribution outlets . 
Lloyd 's has endured decades of genteel decline . 
In language that sidesteps the issue , Mr. Ortiz writes , `` The divestiture of nonpriority and nonstrategic public enterprises is an essential element of President Carlos Salinas 's plan to modernize Mexico 's economy ... . '' 
Shareholders of International Proteins , a food and agriproducts company , will vote on the transaction at a meeting late next month . 
A year earlier sales totaled 7.567 billion francs . 
People were interested in seeing him , but it was recognized that the route was through Sotheby 's and particularly George Wachter . '' 
Fluor Daniel already has reassigned most of its work crew , the sources said . 
Also , blue chips in general have suffered much more short-term price volatility in recent years . 
Some of America 's biggest trading partners gave a quick thumbs-down to a U.S. proposal to liberalize world trade and reduce farm-product subsidies . 
`` Low P-E '' stocks , he says , vastly outperform others `` during a recession or bear market . '' 
Although Axa has been rebuffed by Farmers and has n't had any meetings with management , Mr. Bebear nonetheless appears to be trying to woo the company 's executives with promises of autonomy and new-found authority under Axa . 
The hulk of Stalinism , it seems , will not quickly crumble away . 
RAYCHEM CORP. , Menlo Park , plastics manufacturer , annual sales $ 1 billion , no major damage and no production slowdown is anticipated . 
Terms of the bank holding companies ' agreement were n't disclosed . 
Canadian production of market pulp rose 1 % in September from a year earlier as the industry operated at 87 % of capacity . 
`` Obviously , pride sells in Texas , '' says a spokeswoman for Bozell Inc. , Omaha , Neb. , which represents 
We see an even stronger argument against UNESCO than its unsurprising failure to reform . 
Continental , a unit of Texas Air Corp. , slashed the size of its note offering from $ 150 million to $ 71 million . 
The packaged-goods marketers may try filling that gap with a spate of new products . 
State thrift examiner Eugene Stelzer said he found the chief federal examiner Steve Scott to be totally uninterested in one allegedly fraudulent series of transactions . 
Mr. Roh said a U.S. demand for the removal of South Korean import quotas on beef will be resolved `` satisfactorily '' but gave no hint when that will happen . 
Business leaders have long criticized the agency as a leading example of bureacratic waste . 
Also under Chapter 11 , a reorganization plan is subject to approval by bondholders , banks and other creditors . 
Even stranger is the case of Usha Rectifier , a semiconductor company with 1988 sales of $ 28 million that 's raising $ 270 million to build an iron plant . 
Newell , which declared a 2-for-1 stock split and boosted its quarterly dividend by 14 % , added 7\/8 to 49 3\/8 . 
Under terms of the transaction , which was proposed in June , Doman said it acquired International Forest Products Ltd. 's 22 % stake in Western Forest , and Western Forest , in a related transaction , bought back a 22 % interest in the company from Fletcher Challenge Canada Ltd . 
Some analysts said AMR Chairman Robert Crandall might seize the opportunity presented by the stock price drop to protect the nation 's largest airline with a defensive transaction , such as the sale of stock to a friendly holder or company employees . 
The issue has an expected final maturity date of 1998 . 
While the book amply justifies its subtitle , the title itself is dubious . 
Advertising volume at the company 's 35 regional newspapers decreased 1.1 % . 
Suzanne Foster 
Use of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law against white-collar defendants , as opposed to alleged organized-crime figures , has come under attack from some defense lawyers and legal scholars . 
It is interested in making some money advising industry on how to convert to a world without CFCs . 
BNL has about 75,000 nonvoting shares that are listed on the Milan Stock Exchange . 
However , the thought of a living player selling his checks rubs some people the wrong way . 
Phillips Petroleum Co. and Atlantic Richfield Co. also reported declines in quarterly profit , while Ashland Oil Inc. posted a loss for the latest quarter . 
He said many portfolio managers , whose year-end bonuses are tied to annual performance , are selling now rather than risk seeing their gains erode further . 
But it showed strength throughout the session , hitting a low of only 2102.2 within the first few minutes of dealings . 
Wall Street continued to buckle under the public outcry against computer-driven program trading . 
At least once an episode we see protestors marching around screaming slogans . 
Indeed , Mr. Krenz said on East German television last night that there will be no sharing of power with pro-democracy groups . 
It is this kind of dignity and restraint that allows Stevens to declare : `` For all its sad associations , whenever I recall that evening today , I find I do so with a large sense of triumph . '' 
In recent months , researchers have come to believe the two types of cancer genes work in concert : An oncogene may turn proliferating cells malignant only after the tumor-suppressor gene has been damaged . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Ruskin had said that holders of the other 45 % of United Merchants would receive one-half share of a new preferred stock for each of their shares . 
And in financial markets , irrational behavior is sometimes translated into catastrophe . 
Previously , an affiliate of Unicorp Canada disclosed a stake of less than 5 % in Nashua , according to Daniel M. Junius , Nashua 's treasurer . 
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . '' 
B.A.T yesterday started its share buy-back . 
He also will sit on the company 's corporate planning and policy committee , made up of the top corporate and operating executives . 
Says Mr. Roberti : `` We want to turn the customer on . 
Earlier this week , Genetics Institute reported wider losses in its fiscal third quarter ended Aug. 31 . 
Sierra Tucson , an initial public offering , made the most active list . 
The association said its October index of economic activity rose to 51.6 % after having been below 50 % for three consecutive months . 
`` I find myself in an adversary relationship with Laurel Bank , and I am not inclined to extend myself as far as any favors are concerned , '' the judge wrote back in a letter attached to the grand jury 's report . 
Urban is the company 's first telephone subsidiary in Wisconsin . 
The units are autonomous from U.S. attorneys ' offices and focus exclusively on prosecuting organized-crime cases . 
Environmental concerns are beginning to have as much influence in oil-industry spending plans as the price of crude does . 
The Fed 's problem is not that it is too independent , or too unpolitical . 
The same partnership is now crucial to Mr. Courter 's fortunes , but the abortion issue is only a reminder of the gap between his record and that of the more moderate , pro-choice Gov. Kean . 
McCaw wants to buy 22 million shares of LIN for $ 125 each , or $ 2.75 billion , which would result in McCaw 's owning 50.3 % of LIN . 
The challengers will have a big price advantage . 
That gain was mostly offset by a loss of about $ 55 million from a write-down in its polysilicon business . 
From the Sept. 30-Oct . 4 issue of The Economist : 
The combined operations had 1988 revenue of about $ 100 million . 
In a ruling by the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans , Mr. Gaubert received the go-ahead to pursue a claim against the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas for losses he suffered when the Bank Board closed the Independent American Savings Association of Irving , Texas . 
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said it will start enforcing stiffer regulations Jan. 31 for so-called gray-market imports of vehicles . 
Cable & Wireless benefited from a market squeeze , bouncing 13 to 498 in moderately active volume . 
There is no small irony in the fact that some of the most-jingoistic advertising comes courtesy of -- you guessed it -- outsiders . 
Merc officials said Gary N. Roberts was disciplined following the exchange 's investigation of his trading in several commodities pits from July to November 1988 . 
Weisfield 's , based in Seattle , Wash. , currently operates 87 specialty jewelry stores in nine states . 
Mark Bachmann , a senior vice president at Standard & Poor 's Corp. , confirms that there is `` increasing concern about the future liquidity of the junk bond market . '' 
A two-part $ 75.1 million offering of wastewater treatment bonds by the New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust was more than half sold by late in the session , according to lead underwriter Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
To fight off predators , B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets , largely by selling such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks and by floating its big paper and U.K. retailing business via share issues to existing holders . 
Grace said it did n't invest any additional capital in the venture , which will be known as Grace-Sierra Horticultural Products Co . 
Times have changed . 
Nor is CBS a shoo-in to get blockbuster ratings . 
His failures in those two areas deeply , and sometimes bitterly , disappointed many Indians . 
An FDA spokesperson said the drugs are still available under other brand names . 
Oil prices initially rose on fears that the massive earthquake in Northern California would disrupt production . 
Last Friday 's market gyrations did not result in severe `` aftershocks . '' 
The 67-year-old Mr. Brizola has been vague about his intentions and often inflammatory in his rhetoric , but analysts say he probably would be pragmatic . 
An ebullient Mr. Johnson , wearing a NASA baseball cap and carrying a camera and binoculars , called the launch `` fantastic . '' 
Paper companies concede that business has been off recently . 
The White House warned that this would be an unconstitutional usurpation of its power . 
U.S. takeover-stock speculators , who may own between 20 % and 30 % of Jaguar , could give Ford enough votes to block the GM deal . 
These federal-court suits accuse the officers of failing to disclose that Easy Eggs were unlikely to sell briskly enough to justify all of Michael 's production capacity . 
We lived in rural areas many years , but now live in St. Louis County , Mo . 
`` I 'm surprised we did n't see more volatility '' in stocks , said Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. , market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker . 
Note how the baseline program assumes a sharp increase in future appropriations . 
But he added that individuals still are participating in the equity market indirectly through mutual funds and pension funds . 
The appeals court , however , said the judge did n't adequately consider whether the delay would actually hurt the chances of a fair trial . 
And they have bought about $ 500 million in prepaid-tuition plans , offered in Michigan , Florida and Wyoming . 
Since the most-recent wave of friendly takeovers was completed in the U.S. in 1986 , there have been more than 100 mergers and acquisitions within the European paper industry , he said . 
And they , or even the prospect of them , discourage disaster preparedness in the form of speculative advance stocking of supplies by merchants . 
But attendance is down from previous years . 
Its suitor , McCaw Cellular , also added 1\/2 to 40 1\/2 on 395,700 shares . 
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , BankAmerica common stock edged up 12.5 cents to close at $ 32 a share . 
However , these faults are not the exclusive property of modern comedies , and I believe Mr. Knight errs when he attempts to link this modern phenomenon too closely to a single category of movie making . 
The failure in Oakland of the freeway segment known as the Cypress structure was the deadliest aspect of the quake , although officials were hopeful yesterday that the death toll there might be significantly lower than the 250 initially feared . 
That 's the conventional theory anyway . 
Mr. Gargan , the Tampa planner who heads one trade group , favors simply assessing the industry and giving the money to the SEC to hire more staff . 
For once information flows , public participation follows and repression becomes difficult to reimpose . 
`` We did n't look at it and say , ` Oh my God , something is going to happen , ' '' said Stanley Uhr , vice president and corporate counsel . 
It has been rightly observed that the main thing wrong with tainted money is , t' ai nt enough of it . 
And Mitsukoshi recently increased its equity stake in Tiffany & Co. to 13 % . 
We should also concede that in the British experience the monetarist cause regains some of the credibility it lost in the U.S. experience . 
When such claims and litigation extend beyond the period , the syndicates can extend their accounting deadlines . 
Under Northern Trust 's plan , shareholders were issued rights that , in the event of certain attempted takeovers , allow holders to buy shares in the company at half price . 
James Morgan 's pick for October -- Dynascan -- is a substantial 35 % riskier than the market portfolio ; his lauded Thermo Electron pick is 40 % riskier . 
In fact , the cooperation of those financial institutions is essential to the success of the drug battle . 
McCormick Capital Inc. said the final proration factor was 0.628394 on its oversubscribed , $ 3-a-share tender offer to buy back as many as 1.1 million of its common shares . 
But some Wall Street executives argue that such fears are unwarranted . 
`` It 's great to feel good for once in 15 years , '' says Harrison Hickman , a consultant to abortion-rights advocates , reflecting the relief of his compatriots after last week 's victories , the first major events since the Supreme Court , in its July 3 Webster decision , permitted the states to enact restrictions on abortions . 
American Express 's profit climbed 21 % in the quarter , aided by a surge in its travel business and despite a big rise in Third World loan reserves . 
Mr. Bush himself essentially acknowledged that he and his aides were trying to head off criticism . 
The company owes $ 11 million to the Shui On Group , the project 's Hong Kong contractor , and a significant , though unspecified , amount in legal fees to Coudert Brothers , a U.S. law firm , the sources say . 
At the end of the month , the agency again will offer the bank . 
Both figures were record highs . 
Morgan Stanley has consistently been one of the top stock-index arbitrage traders in recent months . 
While lower joblessness is generally good news , the hefty drop last month indicates that the economy is n't slowing down as much as hoped -- despite a doubling of interest rates over the last 16 months . 
Under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law , or RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial . 
My revolutionary system is also useful for those who have tried customary forms of growing their currency cushion . 
In the year-ago quarter , the software developer reported pro forma earnings of $ 4.8 million , or 24 cents a share . 
The yield on six-month T-bills fell to 7.82 % on Monday , from 8.01 % the week before . 
But this quake was n't the big one , the replay of 1906 that has been feared for so many years . 
Delayed financings also would affect the operations of many companies . 
Other funds have been designed to concentrate on stocks in a geographic area in order to encourage local investment . 
Sen. Mitchell said that congressional Democrats intend to honor the March agreement to give non-lethal support to the Contras through the February elections , although he added that the agreement requires that the Contras not initiate any military action . 
The main reason for this lag is that individual investors own 65 % of the OTC market 's capitalization , according to Mr. Hardiman , much more than on the Big Board . 
In effect , Holiday is asking holders for permission for Bass to buy their debt . 
The national office currently has 21 noncriminal audit projects , according to Marshall V. Washburn , deputy assistant commissioner for examination . 
The court also questioned a crediting mechanism that could be used to resolve take-or-pay liabilities . 
The Coats bill , which already has 32 Senate co-sponsors , is n't a pure line-item veto because it would apply only to spending bills . 
And the Japanese are likely to keep close on Conner 's heels . 
The department also said it seeks `` three times the government 's damages , which are presently undetermined , plus penalties . '' 
`` You 've got to judge where the network will be in three years . '' 
In a blow to France 's Rafale jet fighter , the French navy for the first time publicly stated its desire to buy 15 McDonnell Douglas Corp. F-18 Hornets to defend its aircraft carriers . 
But orders for non-defense capital goods , a precursor of future plant and equipment spending , were off 5.6 % after falling 10.3 % in August . 
Hibernia Corp. , a New Orleans bank holding company , will join the Big Board Thursday under HIB . 
While premium-brand spirits like Smirnoff vodka and Jack Daniel 's whiskey are riding high in the U.S. , domestic spirits consumption fell 15 % to 141.1 million cases in 1988 from 166 million cases in 1979 . 
Stephen R. Barnett Professor of Law University of California Berkeley , Calif . 
But you knew that , did n't you ? 
Alberto M. Paracchini , currently chairman of BanPonce , will serve as president of the bank holding company and chairman of the subsidiary . 
A 35-nation environmental conference opened in Sofia , Bulgaria . 
She also frequently invites directors , producers , actors , writers and other show business people for `` coffee and clips in the pleasure dome . '' 
Unilab said its wholly owned MetWest Inc. unit paid $ 25 million in cash , provided $ 30 million in notes and $ 30 million in preferred stock to acquire Central 's labs in the Western U.S. . 
They can make the masks brittle and can pass through material they 're not supposed to . 
The loss of the cigarette account would be a severe blow to Wells Rich . 
David Boren , the Intelligence Committee chairman , is upset that someone leaked a letter to the committee from the Reagan administration suggesting that the U.S. would undertake to warn Panamanian thug Manuel Noriega if it got wind of an impending coup that might result in his assassination . 
But alleviating that overhang failed to stimulate much activity in the secondary market , where prices were off 1\/8 to up 3\/8 point . 
Nelson Holdings International Ltd. shareholders approved a 1-for-10 consolidation of the company 's common stock at a special meeting . 
Mr. Roh also said South Korea is taking steps that would free the won to respond to market forces . 
Mr. Juliano thinks so . 
Bergen Brunswig Corp. , proposed offering of liquid yield option notes , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
But the computer-guided selling in response to those developments dealt a serious blow to the over-the-counter market , Mr. DaPuzzo said . 
Rockwell said the agreement calls for it to supply 200 additional so-called shipsets for the planes . 
The computer giant 's current mainframe line , which has sold well and has huge profit margins , is starting to show its age . 
It reduces the baseline by $ 169 billion . 
Fixed-income funds have returned 8.2 % , while gold funds , which tend to be volatile , have risen just 4.55 % , on average . 
IBM plans to buy back $ 1 billion of its common shares , a move likely to help the computer giant 's battered stock . 
Glenn Cox , Phillips ' president and chief operating officer , and other Phillips officials flew from Bartlesville to assess the damage and determine the cause of the afternoon explosions . 
`` I assume those accounts are closed , '' says Mr. Smalling , referring to the accounts of the canceled checks . 
But Mr. Redmond said the worm hit universities that had n't elected to make the changes . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
The Ministry of Transportation serves the industry , certainly not the passengers who must pay extraordinarily high prices . 
He will succeed Charles L. Harrington , chairman and chief executive officer , who retired last month . 
Already , local Missouri judges have relied on the restored preamble in two separate cases to throw out criminal trespass charges against anti-abortion demonstrators who blocked access to Reproductive Health Services , an abortion clinic in St. Louis . 
But under new terms of the agreement , announced Friday , LIN holders would receive a special cash dividend of $ 42 a share , representing a payout of about $ 2.23 billion , shortly before the proposed merger . 
GM Class E , which represents a dividend interest in EDS profit , fell 75 cents to $ 52.25 on the Big Board . 
Investors who received Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's latest stock commentary may be left with blank expressions . 
Embittered shareholders ( some of whom are suing ) say the chairman and his collection epitomize the excesses of speculation that set off the national S&L crisis . 
The conversion increased total equity capital by about $ 38.5 million to a total of $ 156.8 million . 
Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly , he said , but before the bid was launched , he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % . 
Roe vs. Wade was the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision that recognized a woman 's right to abortion . 
Output from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is already at a high for the year and most member nations are running flat out . 
And the practice often varies from location to location even within a company . 
Ford said in July it planned to operate Associates , based in Dallas , as a separate entity in its Ford Financial Services Group . 
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over-the-counter market rise from its recent doldrums . 
So despite the GM-Jaguar romance , analysts say Ford by last Friday had boosted its Jaguar holding to about 11 % of the luxury auto maker 's shares outstanding from 10.4 % early last week . 
In an interview , he said Fannie Mae faces a number of challenges with the restructuring of the thrift industry and the push to broaden its activities overseas . 
Trade Representative Carla Hills , who along with Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter unveiled the proposal , said she is confident it will gain considerable support from the U.S. 's trading partners . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
Computer Sciences would n't disclose the proposed purchase price for Cleveland Consulting , which counsels companies on logistics and supply . 
Dow closed at $ 94.625 a share , up 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
However , in interviews later , both ministers stressed that they expect future OPEC quotas to be based mainly on the production capacity and reserves of each member . 
Putnam Investment Grade Municipal Trust , Boston , was listed with the symbol PGM . 
It was a predictable revival of her prize-winning off-Broadway anthology of Bertolt Brecht 's theoretical writings , called `` No Plays , No Poetry . '' 
Which types of stocks currently have the greatest earnings risks ? 
Here are the seasonally adjusted changes in the components of the Labor Department 's consumer price index for September . 
The court set a hearing on the emergency action for Oct. 30 . 
Congress is unlikely to go even that far . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks . 
Recently Saudi Arabia and Venezuela , traditional heavy-crude producers , have boasted of new finds of light , low-sulfur oil by their national oil companies . 
On military alternatives if the U.S. pulls back : `` The Soviets already are present . 
Led by the Federation of Korean Industries , the critics are lobbying for the government to weaken its proposed restrictions and penalties . 
And using liquidation value assuming the sale of all UAL assets , First Boston estimated the airline is worth $ 253 to $ 303 a share . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , American Home Products closed at $ 102.25 a share , down 75 cents . 
You only have a privilege to practice . '' 
Most of the department 's statements since the Northwest transaction indicated it planned to curtail foreign ownership stakes in U.S. carriers . 
Mr. Breeden backed most of the provisions in a market-reform bill that the SEC brought to the subcommittee last year under then-chairman David Ruder . 
Culver City Redevelopment Financing Authority , Calif. -- $ 145 million of revenue bonds , Series 1989 , tentatively priced by a Stone & Youngberg group . 
This modification , apparently , would permit the French merchant to deliver this cocoa , if necessary , against existing short positions . 
Over a cup of coffee , Mr. Stone told his story . 
Another hurdle concerns Japan 's attempts to persuade the Soviet Union to relinquish its post-World War II control of four islands north of Japan . 
However , the total value declined for deals of $ 100 million and up . 
Athena eventually acquired exclusive rights to the technology and currently is developing it . 
He adds : `` The medical market and the fitness market parallel each other and are going to cross real soon . '' 
The pound was at 2.8896 marks late Friday , off sharply from 2.9511 in New York trading a week earlier . 
But so far , the effort has failed , and traffic is still slow . 
Senators are focusing on making a capital-gains differential permanent . 
When a stock falls below the put 's strike price , the investor simply sells the stock at a loss and simultaneously sells the put at a profit . 
Securities firms have challenged those Fed approvals , saying they violate federal laws separating the banking and securities businesses . 
`` If the person believes there 's an evil spirit , you ask it to be gone , '' he says . 
The completion of the merger agreement follows months of twists and turns . 
`` Whoever says he knows which of the six will win is out of his mind , '' says Antonio Britto , a centrist member of Parliament . 
SHEARSON LEHMAN HUTTON Inc . 
Two other men also were charged with participating in the operation . 
In fixing rates the choice of initial parities is crucial , for example , and perhaps he picked the wrong pound-DM rate . 
Not everyone is convinced the state must raise new revenue to meet its earthquake needs . 
Nonetheless , it will barely make a dent in Mitsubishi Estate 's finances , analysts say . 
Next year may see a drop of one percentage point . 
The result was a more thoughtful , complete and competitive proposal , '' Mr. Anton concludes . 
A senior vice president and a vice president at James River Corp. sold the majority of their shares in the Richmond , Va. , paper-products concern in late August and early September , reports filed with the SEC show . 
The department 's Office of Thrift Supervision said that does n't necessarily mean thrifts are biased , but conceded that it does n't have data about applicants to determine why blacks are rejected more often . 
Jefferies Group Inc. said third-quarter net income fell 4 % , to $ 2.2 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 2.3 million , or 31 cents a share on more shares , a year earlier . 
In the end , neither policy was followed , and instead of learning anything we are left with a mystery . 
In derivative markets , Fannie Mae issued two $ 400 million real estate mortgage investment conduits backed by its 9 % securities . 
For the past seven years , investors have had the wind at their backs , in the form of a generally growing economy . 
GM launched the Geo marque this year to sell cars made in partnership with foreign auto makers , and next year GM 's long-awaited Saturn cars will make their debut . 
Instead , he should listen to see how that criticism can be used constructively to advance his objective of carrying out a set of tasks through the efforts of his subordinates . 
`` Maybe we should take it as a compliment . '' 
On some days , the Nucor plant does n't produce anything . 
S. Waite Rawls III , vice chairman of Continental Bank , First Options ' parent company , said the firm took on about 160 accounts formerly held by Fossett , almost all of them belonging to professional floor traders . 
According to one dealer , Japan said it has only 40,000 tons of sugar remaining to be shipped to it this year by Cuba under current commitments . 
That promise sounds shaky now that those same leaders have fallen back on Marxist dogma and brute force to crush their nation 's democracy movement . 
That was just an early step in a relationship with government that has earned the Mitsubishi group the dubious moniker of `` seisho , '' literally government-business , a title that has the pejorative connotation of doing the government 's bidding , but also suggests the clout inherent in maintaining such close ties . 
The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee-forfeiture power is to be used sparingly . 
Last year , earnings of the combined companies did n't cover debt service and Pinkerton 's was forced to borrow $ 20 million of subordinated debt . 
In May , the government unveiled new foreign investment regulations that create special trusts allowing foreigners , long limited to a 40 % stake in secondary petrochemical companies , to own up to 100 % . 
Mr. Engelken and Mr. Thomson drifted in different directions in the subsequent years , and the Polo Grounds , located under Coogan 's Bluff in upper Manhattan , was replaced by a public-housing project . 
In France , Suez and Axa-Midi Assurances S.A. both have been on the prowl for giant acquisitions ; Suez last month acquired control of Groupe Victoire , the sixth-largest European insurance company , after a takeover battle with Cie . Industrielle . 
Analysts say Quebecor 's purchase is part of a trend toward consolidation in the North American printing industry . 
Texas Rep. Steve Bartlett , who has 40,000 American Airlines workers in his district , says the bill is `` good politics , but bad law . '' 
Manufacturers have already spent so heavily on automation that they are one of the computer industry 's leading revenue sources . 
The communications and entertainment company said revenue rose to $ 345.5 million , from $ 311.6 million . 
The successors would be nominated by the independent directors . 
How does a community famous for its high living end up as a haven for low-lifes ? 
The offices are done in hardwood and oriental rugs , leatherbound books and , of course , a $ 12 million Rubens . 
Thomas Spiegel , Columbia 's chairman , said in a statement that the thrift was `` disappointed '' by the effects of the accounting changes . 
PepsiCo closed at $ 58.50 a share , up $ 1.375 . 
Attorneys for more than 18,000 women who claim injuries from the Dalkon Shield contraceptive device have asked the U.S. Supreme Court to refuse to hear an appeal of the bankruptcy-law reorganization plan for A.H. Robins Co. , which manufactured the device . 
British postal authorities say they have uncovered a large-scale scheme where unscrupulous stamp dealers chemically removed stamp cancellations , regummed the stamps and sold them to U.S. collectors or , in large lots , to British businesses . 
General Universal Stores , another top-tier stock hit recently by concerns over retail demand in the face of high interest rates , gained 20 to # 10.44 . 
Although the East German news agency ADN claimed Mr. Honecker had asked to be relieved of his duties for `` health reasons , '' West German government sources said the 26-man Politburo had asked for his resignation at a separate meeting late Tuesday . 
Yesterday 's buyers favored real estate , construction and other large-capitalization issues , reflecting the fact that many Tokyo investors now feel safer with domestically oriented stocks , analysts said . 
Away from the general obligation sector , activity was modest . 
H.F. Ahmanson & Co. , the nation 's largest thrift holding company , posted a 12 % earnings decline for the third quarter while another large California savings and loan , Great Western Financial Corp. , reported a slight earnings gain . 
Not unexpectedly , wives , whether working or non-working , did by far the most -- about 80 % of the shopping , laundry and cooking , and about two-thirds of housecleaning , washing dishes , child care and family paper work . 
According to the proxy statement , James E. Cayne , 55 , Bear Stearns 's president , made $ 3.9 million ; an executive vice president , Michael L. Tarnopol , 53 , made nearly $ 3.4 million ; and two executive vice presidents , Vincent J. Mattone , 44 , and William J. Michaelcheck , 42 , made about $ 3.3 million each . 
Reports in the West German press , citing sources in East Germany , suggest Mr. Krenz may serve only as a bridge between Mr. Honecker and a genuine reform leader . 
She thinks a recovery in the stock market would help copper rebound as well . 
The Anglo-French financier has indicated he intends to bid again for B.A.T if he receives approval . 
The No. 2 auto maker blamed incentive costs and reduced production -- both the result of a substantially weaker U.S. market -- for a 44 % drop in net to $ 477.1 million , or $ 1.03 a share , on revenue of $ 20.24 billion . 
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged . 
The company said its real estate portfolio is `` highly leveraged , '' while about two-thirds of its investments are n't income-producing . 
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting . 
The Sept. 30 end of the federal fiscal year may have prodded contractors to get any behind-schedule road and bridge construction under way `` before the clock ran out , '' Mr. Christie said , referring to threatened 5 % across-the-board budget cuts . 
The figures are shocking . 
`` Now everything '' -- such as program trading and wide stock market swings -- `` that everyone had pushed back in their consciousness is just sitting right there . '' 
All the tie-ins , though , have some marketing experts questioning whether the party may go too far . 
Garry Kasparov went to combat Sunday with the world 's most advanced chess computer and kicked it around -- symbolically , anyway -- like an old tin can . 
Brian Hemming , a spokesman for the company 's committee of independent directors , established in May to solicit and evaluate offers for the company , said it was expected to make an announcement early this morning . 
Tuesday night , thousands were diverted to other airports and had to wait a day to resume travel . 
`` I 'm outraged because this company is portraying itself at the heart of American culture and political freedom and in fact it 's a killer , '' says Michael Pertschuk , former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission and a tobacco-industry critic . 
By 1982 , he was selling thousands of tires . 
`` I was doing the laundry and nearly broke my neck running upstairs to see who was there , and it was nobody , '' she says , eyes wide at the recollection . 
State law enforcers can barely keep up with charity scams , and reports from watchdog groups such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus are not encouraging . 
A year later , she moved to the commercial property claims division . 
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million . 
The PACs appeal to insurance companies and other investors because they have higher yields than topgrade corporate bonds and carry the guarantee of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae , quasi-federal agencies . 
The Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit was created in 1982 to serve , among other things , as the court of last resort for most patent disputes . 
Its telecommunications headquarters in Burlingame , Calif. , had been knocked out since the quake . 
Up to now , the main weapon of the `` worker and peasant state '' has been the ideology of socialism . 
Still , Mrs. Thatcher had once again gone against the grain . 
The Eastern District unit in Brooklyn , N.Y. , lost seven of its 15 attorneys this year partly because the lawyers were troubled by the proposed reorganization , says Laura A. Brevetti , who left the strike force to join Morrison Cohen Singer & Weinstein , a New York law firm . 
Mr. Arafat publicly renounced terrorism Dec. 15 , satisfying the U.S. precondition for a direct `` dialogue '' with the PLO . 
`` There 's unbelievable pressure on economists to forecast these numbers , '' he says . `` 
Georgia-Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa helped drive the Dow Jones Industrial Average up 41.60 points , to 2645.08 , in active trading . 
Moreover , it will boost by 50 % USX 's current hot-dipped capacity of 1,275,000 tons . 
But as Judge Thomas M. Jenkins donned his robes so he could give final approval , the major earthquake struck , its epicenter not far from his courtroom in Redwood City , Calif . 
The increase was due mainly to a $ 325 million order from Turkey to equip its fleet of F-16 fighters with Loral 's ALQ-178 Rapport III electronic countermeasures system . 
Membership has since swelled to between 20 and 25 . 
But Erik Dunlaevy , a sugar analyst with Balfour Maclaine International Ltd. , said the explanation for the latest drop in sugar prices is much simpler : Speculators , he said , `` got too long too soon and ran into resistance around the old contract highs . '' 
Uncertainty dogs every aspect of their lives . 
Still , some lawyers say the mergers slowdown has n't affected foreign buyers as much as domestic ones . 
Mr. Fernandez does n't take control in New York until January , but already he 's roiling the waters . 
The features will focus on `` parenting , family health and nutrition , and financial management , '' and will carry 30 seconds of advertising . 
`` The high score reflects the attempts to make underwear more of a fashion image business for both men and women . '' 
Moreover , your hypothetical investor has forsaken the gains to be had in reducing risk by diversifying his portfolio . 
For the leadership , that was too painful to bear . '' 
Furthermore , Mr. Smith added , `` our contract with our pilots says that we will manage our fleet operations with their advice . 
In Armonk , N.Y. , an IBM spokeswoman confirmed that IBM executives will be announcing some computer-integrated-manufacturing plans next week but declined to elaborate . 
Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : raw materials sold at fixed prices close to world levels ; government-set procurement prices for a small number of key products ; and free prices for everything else to be determined by contracts between suppliers and purchasers . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. was the underwriter . 
Roger L. Sutton , executive vice president , was appointed as the new president and chief operating officer . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters maintain that executives at Warner have always known of their ambitions to run a major entertainment powerhouse , but that Warner never felt threatened until they linked up with Sony . 
Everybody was rubber-necking . '' 
Revenues were $ 99.23 billion , up from $ 97.74 billion a year earlier . 
Vernon E. Jordan was elected to the board of this transportation services concern . 
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down-payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program-driven financial futures . 
It might be feared that even thinking about lower budgets will hurt national security because the door will be opened to opportunistic budget cutting by an irresponsible Congress . 
I suspect I may be one of the few people to have read them all . 
As a result of their illness , the Beebes said , they lost $ 1.8 million in wages and earnings . 
Instead , he proposed a `` law-governed economy , '' in which there would be a `` clear-cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management . '' 
P&G , Cincinnati , agreed to exchange 0.272 share of its common stock for each share of Noxell common and Class B stock , a total of about 11 million P&G shares . 
Twenty-five years ago the poet Richard Wilbur modernized this 17th-century comedy merely by avoiding `` the zounds sort of thing , '' as he wrote in his introduction . 
He believes baby boomers will continue to be selective in their brand loyalties . 
A year earlier , fair-market value per share was $ 26.02 and book value was $ 9.43 a share . 
The offering is rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , based on the quality of the underlying home equity loans and a letter of credit covering 10 % of the deal from Union Bank of Switzerland . 
Of the 4,346 issues that changed hands , 1,435 rose and 629 fell . 
Frank Mirabello , a lawyer for the Dorrance estate with the Philadelphia law firm of Morgan , Lewis & Bockius , declines to comment on the financial arrangements . 
Mike Huber , a roustabout , is even making it in his new career as an entrepreneur . 
Following its failure last month to win a license for one of Spain 's first three private television stations , Zeta is seeking investment opportunities in communications and publishing . 
It is n't a current topic of conversation at the company , '' said Barry Diller , chairman and chief executive officer of the Fox Inc. unit of News Corp . 
`` At that point , { First Interstate } decided it was the better part of valor not to negotiate further , '' said one industry official close to the talks . 
Ben earns any fees sent directly to charity and is taxable on them , the IRS says ; of course , he also may take a charitable deduction for them . 
Some issues were affected by Tuesday 's devastating earthquake in the San Francisco area . 
In recent months , they say , there has been heavy selling of junk bonds by some of the market 's traditional investors , while new buyers have n't materialized to replace them . 
`` For some time , we had forecast negative third - and fourth-quarter growth . 
Analysts agree , predicting that the revived market could significantly boost Westinghouse 's bottom line in coming years . 
His crude device worked : The lower teeth gathered the leaves into a pile , while the higher , harder teeth moved the top of the pile . 
The program is n't afraid to tackle controversial topics such as nuclear weapons and the environment . 
Housing is scarce and public services -- the court system , schools , mail service , telephone network and the highways -- are in disgraceful condition . 
The AT&T action was the most recent blow in a nasty fight . 
`` People are basically peddling a lot of fear , '' says Arthur Hauptman , a consultant to the American Council on Education in Washington . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Monday , gold was quoted at $ 378.87 an ounce . 
In short : Rey found companies with weak earnings but rich assets . '' 
The four-wheel-drive vehicles start at $ 15,000 ; a Family can cost over $ 25,000 . 
Gulf Power had been under investigation for violating the Utility Holding Company Act , which prohibits public utilities from making political contributions . 
It works . 
The results surprised many analysts , because USAir has almost no competition in its Pittsburgh hub and has expanded operations by completing its acquisition of Piedmont Airlines . 
The fledgling science went corporate in 1977 when International Business Machines Corp. hired a marketing professor to help defend a complex antitrust case . 
If I were to ask a sample of American parents , `` Do you wish the elementary schools to encourage creativity in your children ? '' the near-unanimous answer would be , `` Yes , of course . '' 
The next to be cloned , human insulin , had market potential and Genentech licensed it to Eli Lilly , which produced 80 % of the insulin used by 1.5 million U.S. diabetics . 
It has since asked holders not to immediately tender their shares under a recent $ 72-a-share , or $ 104 million , bid from AB SKF of Sweden , until McGill directors have completed their evaluation . 
I have n't seen or talked to him in several years . '' 
JAILED AFRICAN-AMERICAN activist wins a battle against the 
It was succeeded in the group by Fuqua Industries Inc . 
Jason Overseas Ltd. , proposed offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney & Co. and Mabon Nugent & Co . 
But Santa Fe , currently trading at 18 7\/8 , is n't likely to realize private market values by selling assets , because the tax against it would be onerous . 
He later defended the Chinese government 's response during a separate visit to West Germany . 
Paul Fireman , Reebok chairman and chief executive officer , said , `` Our gains in earnings provide further evidence that the controls we have put in place and our sales mix are continuing to improve the company 's overall profit performance . '' 
Boeing has said repeatedly it wo n't expand its offer and the machinists have responded that the offer is n't good enough . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.81 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Leaping into rages , sinking into bouts of drunkenness and mistrust , Mr. Noriega has put to death some 70 of his troops involved in the coup , according to U.S. officials monitoring crematoriums and funeral parlors in Panama City . 
`` That 's why we went with IBM for data center management ... and now Digital for voice and data telecommunications . 
Yes Clothing Co. , proposed initial offering of 776,470 common shares , of which 600,000 shares will be offered by the company and 176,470 by holders , via Seidler Amdec Securities Inc . 
So far , investors have n't shown much appetite for Refcorp 's initial bond offering . 
According to the executive , BDDP 's involvement prompted renewed vigor in the WCRS-Eurocom talks and the two agencies were hoping to hammer out details by today . 
But Kenneth Leon , a telecommunications analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co. , finds the BellSouth proposal still flawed because the company does n't have to wait five years to begin buying more LIN shares . 
John F. Merrill 
The Defense Department has lent the Washington U.S. attorney 10 prosecutors , and the Federal Bureau of Investigation has provided crime laboratory facilities and training , he added . 
It 's time business leaders and the general public learn that mankind does not rule over this natural environment but is rather the integral , symbiotic player within nature 's workings . 
As it happens , Arthur D. Little is not at all interested in throwing cold water on ozone depletion and global warming theories . 
And senior officials of two U.S. securities houses say they switched trades in European stocks to the London market last week when they could n't unwind positions on the Continent . 
But in recent years , the market has moved toward less expensive `` mini-component '' sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players that could be stacked on top of each other . 
A spokeswoman said the company will finance the buy-back with cash on hand , borrowing and `` cash Norfolk expects to generate . '' 
Because Columbia now must sell the bonds within five years , accounting rules require the thrift to value the bonds at the lower of cost or market prices . 
`` This means Nestle is now in the candybar business in a big way , '' said Lisbeth Echeandia , publisher of Orlando , Fla.-based Confectioner Magazine . 
In addition , a Norfolk affiliate , York Capital Inc. , will purchase all of the interests of Eagle 's secured lenders , which total $ 11.5 million , and guarantee as much as $ 8.2 million in payments to Eagle 's unsecured creditors . 
Above all , though , conservative Republicans who have championed both the Contras and SDI are reluctant to attack a Republican president for failing to do more -- though that reluctance may be receding . 
Many traders say that `` circuit breakers '' put in place to damp volatility after the 1987 crash actually added to volatility when the stock market plunged Friday . 
He says Mr. Peters and Mr. Guber , as the contractual producers with consultation rights , have been invited to screenings and to give their input on the film . 
In the coming months , however , this is likely to change . 
In that case , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters might not suffer financially , but they would be left without their dream job of running a studio and with a considerably scarred relationship with Warner . 
`` I believe that any good lawyer should be able to figure out and understand patent law , '' Judge Mayer says , adding that `` it 's the responsibility of highly paid lawyers ( who argue before the court ) to make us understand ( complex patent litigation ) . '' 
Here 's a firsthand look at what the Japanese hosts sported , and what the foreign visitors saw . 
Tomorrow , the Treasury will sell $ 10 billion of two-year notes . 
Many fly-by-night charities ride the coattails of the biggest , best-known and most reputable ones by adopting names similar to theirs . 
Yet he has proved more resilient than any of them . 
Indeed , the older couple 's portfolio could actually be riskier in that sense if the expected return wo n't generate enough dollars to meet their spending plans . 
`` We 're extremely committed to optical storage technology '' he said . 
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . '' 
There has indeed been more than a one percentage point improvement in productivity growth since 1981 . 
Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly and will reflect the rate of dispositions and market conditions . 
But Merrill Lynch , in its statement about pulling out of index arbitrage , suggested that the current debate has missed the mark . 
`` This is not a grossly overvalued market , but it 's not cheap either , '' says George Collins , president of the mutual fund company T. Rowe Price Associates in Baltimore . 
Yet , says Mr. Carpenter , `` We 've really started to exploit the synergy between GE Capital and Kidder Peabody . '' 
President Carlos Salinas de Gortari used the army to oust La Quina , who reigned for 28 years over a graft-riddled empire that made state-run Petroleos Mexicanos , or Pemex , one of the world 's most inefficient oil companies . 
Immunex Corp. said its scientists isolated a molecule which may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune-system , ranging from organ-transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma . 
In this light , the comparative advantages of legislative law-making become clear : ( 1 ) Before it acts , the legislature typically will hear the views of representatives of all those affected by its decision , not just the immediate parties before the court ; and ( 2 ) the legislature can frame `` bright line '' standards that create less uncertainty than the fact-bound decisions of courts . 
Before the Gutfreunds finally left this unfriendly environment for a prodigious duplex on Fifth Avenue and an 18th-century mansion with a specially excavated $ 1 million garage in Paris , the Postels had obtained an injunction to prevent any future hoisting of trees , and in a neighborly spirit hit both the Gutfreunds and the building with a $ 35 million lawsuit . 
In the U.S. , the search for oil had been headed toward environmentally sensitive areas believed to have vast reserves . 
The shuttle is slated to return Monday to California . 
Now , thousands of mailers , catalogs and sales pitches go straight into the trash . 
In magazines , higher advertising revenues at Sports Illustrated and Fortune were offset by lower ad revenue for other major magazines . 
For his troubles , Mr. Chan was jailed three times between 1960 and 1974 . 
Most studies show that buy-and-hold investors historically have earned an annual return from stocks of 9 % to 10 % , including both dividends and price appreciation . 
And there 's more . 
The judge in the jury trial said there was insufficient evidence to hold Ford liable in the case . 
President Bush is considering casting a line-item veto as a test to determine whether the courts will rule that he has such authority . 
SUN MICROSYSTEMS INC. , Mountain View , maker of desktop computers , annual sales $ 1.77 billion , OTC , no injured employees and very little damage to buildings . 
`` The companies just gave back what they had reserved for , '' he said . 
The largest was the $ 12 billion merger creating Bristol-Myers Squibb Co . 
Only two states -- Vermont and Washington -- this year joined five others requiring private employers to grant leaves of absence to employees with newborn or adopted infants . 
However , Mr. Gorbachev must ensure that within this `` alliance '' the business sector remains subordinate to the party . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
( Both men declined to be interviewed for this article . ) 
It can be hard for a salesperson to fight off feelings of discouragement . 
The new reserves bring the company 's provision for loans to Third World countries to $ 2.6 billion , or 85 % of Bankers Trust 's medium and long-term loans to these countries . 
Exhibit A is last week 's House vote to fund 40 pet projects out of the same discretionary fund that is at the heart of the HUD scandal . 
`` The Beginning and the End , '' easily the best of the three , belongs to Mr. Mahfouz 's `` realistic '' period and it is the one for which he is most renowned . 
When the DJIA modestly rebounded , the dollar bounced back in choppy dealings but ended the day below the levels of late Monday . 
Pay raises of 60 % over the past three years have given many South Koreans the money to enjoy the things they were supplying the rest of the world . 
Big cyclical companies are using `` all the tricks they can to stabilize earnings , '' says Mr. Sloan . 
Wells Fargo & Co. said its Emergency Operations Committee -- which met all night Tuesday -- moved its global-funds transfer system to El Monte , Calif. , 500 miles to the south . 
Cimflex Teknowledge rose 13\/16 , or 39 % , to 2 7\/8 on volume of 494,100 shares . 
The suspension of foreign loans has weakened the buying power of China 's national trading companies , which are among the country 's biggest importers . 
Paribas currently intends to offer 1,850 francs a share for Navigation Mixte shares that receive full dividends this year . 
In Tokyo Thursday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 140.97 yen , down from Wednesday 's Tokyo close of 142.10 yen . 
It is setting up a special team in charge of international markets and training workers to do business abroad . 
For the quarter , earnings were $ 47 million , or 92 cents a share , including a one-time gain of $ 5.9 million . 
Even brief conversations can show caring and trust , and need not restrict the efficiency of the communication or restrain the doctor 's earnings . 
Ruined the damn fishing ! 
As soon as the tremor passed , many people spontaneously arose and cheered , as though it had been a novel kind of pre-game show . 
Paribas is Allianz 's lead French bank . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
Now she says she 's thinking of contacting her own insurance agent . 
The Marina rescue center offered a very San Franciscan response to the disaster . 
Sales of medium and heavy-duty trucks continue to lag previous-year rates , leading Eaton to expect fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels , said Stephen R. Hardis , vice chairman and chief financial and administrative officer . 
The initial bond offering by the new government agency , which was created to help rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts , is n't expected to see robust demand . 
The debt , estimated at $ 4.7 billion , could mortgage the cellular company 's future earning power in order to placate some LIN holders in the short term . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
The district , built on landfill , suffered heavy quake damage , including collapsed buildings . 
`` The probability of converting a non-user to your brand is about three in 1,000 , '' says Tony Adams , the company 's vice president for marketing research . 
`` It 's a baptism of fire for Corry , '' says one USX executive . 
Stocks : Volume 198,120,000 shares . 
Tax-exempt airport and street-corner solicitations were intended only to provide start-up funds . 
Interstate banking is scheduled to begin in California in 1991 , and larger California banks , such as Wells Fargo & Co. , have been paying fat premiums to buy smaller banks to control markets before any out-of-state banks enter the fray . 
I believe that number reflects a slowing economy . '' 
`` December delivery gold is trading in a range of $ 365 to $ 375 { an ounce } and is having difficulty breaking out above that , '' Mr. Savaiko said . 
It is eliminating the positions of president and chief operating officer , formerly held by Edward L. Marinaro . 
( The legislation is similar to a 1987 `` beeper bill '' that was defeated after heavy lobbying by the telemarketing industry . ) 
The company also said it privately placed stock and warrants in exchange for $ 750,000 . 
What triggered the latest clash was a skirmish over the timing of a New Zealand government bond issue . 
Police detained more than 350 people . 
For example , Nissan 's U.S. operations include 10 separate subsidiaries -- for manufacturing , sales , design , research , etc. -- that report separately back to Japan . 
The consortium faced a setback in May when technical problems forced it to postpone the September launch until next spring . 
That included capital gains that were passed along to customers . 
The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit , including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions . 
The air force is to take at least 250 more . 
DIALING DOLLARS : 
By some estimates , several grain companies combined bought contracts for the possession of roughly one million metric tons of corn . 
But they foresee little substantial progress in exports unless the dollar and the federal budget deficit come down . 
Among other things , the restructured facilities will substantially reduce the group 's required amortization of the term loan portion of the credit facilities through September 1992 , MLX said . 
Market conditions point to even lower prices next year . 
The offering included $ 550 million of 12 % senior subordinated debentures due 2001 and $ 200 million of zero coupon liquid yield option notes due 2004 . 
Other winners included real estate issues Mitsubishi Estate , which closed at 2,500 , up 130 , and Mitsui Real Estate Development , which gained 100 to 2,890 . 
Harken , which owns about 800 retail gas stations , has said it is particularly interested in Tesoro 's refinery because it would fill a gap in its business . 
Although the network is n't connected to the computer systems that operate either Galileo or the shuttle , part of the network will carry analyses of Galileo data once the craft gets spaceborn . 
He himself lives in a `` consecutive series of unnumbered houses in a town in Switzerland . '' 
A governing body of both the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Governmental Accounting Standards Board voted to give the FASB jurisdiction over accounting standards for certain government-owned entities . 
The apparent crash became top secret , and the alien creatures went away upset with the rude ways of human beings . 
`` It looks like serious tax evasion , '' says Mr. Ailes , the Giuliani media consultant . 
In over-the-counter trading Friday , Weisfield 's gained $ 9.50 to $ 39 . 
Shareholders must approve the merger at general meetings of the two companies in late November . 
`` We 're just seeing the beginning of a shift , '' Mr. Smith says . 
The last of the measurements reported was in 1985 , but recent conversations with Mr. Scotto indicated that he knew of no recent changes in the trend . 
They have sold issues backed by car loans , boat loans and recreational-vehicle loans . 
The experiments involve encircling a thin rod of palladium metal with a wire of platinum and plunging the two electrodes into `` heavy '' water in which the hydrogen atoms are a doubly heavy form known as deuterium . 
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know-how if the price is right . 
Payment will begin `` as soon as Oct. 25 , '' the company said . 
Hutton Ingram will have a general corporate , securities , real-estate and litigation practice , and a substantial practice serving the professional-design community . 
Tenneco Credit is a unit of Tenneco Inc . 
The cost of raising a pig kept bounding ahead of the return for selling one . 
Volume was a modest 405.4 million shares traded , but better than the year 's lowest turnover of 276.8 million Monday . 
Has the San Francisco earthquake caused you to forget Hugo ? 
Volume was 276.8 million shares , beneath the year 's previous low of 280.5 million shares Sept. 25 , the session before the August trade figures were released . 
On top of that , the Blue Bell , Pa. , concern took a $ 230 million charge related to the layoffs of 8,000 employees . 
Visiting Nicaragua , he praised the Sandinistas for their electoral system and chided the Bush administration for not rewarding the Sandinistas . 
Winnebago was hit especially hard in the latest downturn because unit sales in its bread-and-butter motor home business tumbled 25 % industrywide in August , and 10.4 % in the first eight months of the year . 
It has also rattled Federal 's strongly anti-union management , which is already contending with melding far-flung operations and with falling profits . 
U.S. Healthcare Inc. was added to the health care providers group . 
Reynolds is the third big aluminum company since Friday to report disappointing earnings . 
Asked how the company hopes to expand its computer hardware business , Mr. Ousley said it sees good opportunities in systems integration . 
If there is no law against it , do it . 
Plans for the auction , which was supposed to take place last spring and become a regular event , have been thwarted by a lack of hard currency . 
The company had a net loss of C$ 2.3 million , or 14 Canadian cents a share , a year ago . 
As a result , the official said , they may be forced into a no-win situation in which they make risky loans that they could have to write off later . 
`` The U.S. government could be , in effect , subsidizing political contributions to corporate PACs , '' he says . 
Sears said claims from the storm , as expected , reduced its third-quarter net by $ 80 million , or 23 cents a share . 
But Mr. Guber indicates in his affidavit that not all of the projects will be used . 
He succeeds Paul P. Aniskovich Jr. , who resigned to pursue other business interests , the company said . 
Are n't we , after all , the inevitable culmination of that stately pageant called evolution ? 
The problem , says Mr. D'Arcy , a psychologist , is that `` it 's very hard to get any hard measures on how stress affects job performance . 
`` Their management changed right after { the venture was formed } , and I do n't think they were comfortable getting into the competitive wars of women 's service magazines . '' 
The perception lingers , says an official at a major industrial company . 
The materially smaller trade deficit may have been already discounted in the market . 
Jerome Kern , Tele-Communications ' chief outside counsel , said he was n't aware of Time 's legal plans . 
Telos responded by combining three of its five divisions to reduce expenses and `` bring more focus to potentially fewer bidding opportunities , '' says Lin Conger , Telos chairman and controlling shareholder . 
But if East Germany 's arthritic Politburo does loosen up enough to permit Mr. Krenz to make serious efforts at reform , he will face a challenge just as fundamental . 
Columbia officials said they do n't know how quickly they will dispose of the thrift 's junk bonds , because federal regulations , such as those that would allow thrifts to continue holding the bonds in separately capitalized subsidiaries , have n't yet been completed . 
Everybody 's finger is one inch closer to the button . 
Nippon Meat Packers Inc . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 7\/8 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi International Europe . 
Once a studio chooses not to actually make a movie that is in development , producers are typically free to take it elsewhere . 
It also intends to set up an international wholesale market with the Singapore government next May and to open a department store in Bangkok and shopping centers in Malaysia , Taiwan , Canada , Chicago and Seattle by December 1990 . 
John M. McNamara , chief financial officer of Milton Roy , said the company has no comment on Crane 's filing . 
The characters will also be featured in a new public service effort for the United Way . 
Wall Street analysts have criticized Bethlehem for not following its major competitors in linking with a foreign company to share costs and provide technology to modernize old facilities or build new ones . 
Whether or not `` great cases make bad-law '' -- as Justice Holmes asserted -- who can doubt that when great confirmation hearings turn on the nominee 's response to these great cases they make bad judicial history ? 
For those with no holdings , the prospects of buying a home are ever slimmer . 
`` The supply is not a constraint to the market , '' said Samuel Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc . 
They lay out a clear timetable and methodology for liberalizing the system of setting prices , breaking up huge industrial monopolies and putting unprofitable state-owned companies out of business . 
In the short term , the move is likely to have little effect . 
Call it disaster marketing . 
An ill-mannered mountain ? 
Ad Notes ... . 
The CBOE , American Stock Exchange , Options Clearing Corp. and Stephen Fossett , owner of Fossett , joined in putting up $ 50 million to guarantee the accounts at First Options . 
`` Measure for Measure '' is one of Shakespeare 's `` problem '' plays , so named because it does not fit neatly into a category such as tragedy , comedy or history . 
The $ 20,000 tax would be a small cost in a multibillion-dollar deal , but a serious drag on thousands of small , friendly deals . 
Raymond Chandler , in a 1950 letter defending a weak Hemingway book , likened a champion writer to a baseball pitcher . 
President Bush 's national security adviser , Lt. Gen. Brent Scowcroft , came into office in January intent on making the NSC staff leaner and more disciplined than it had been during the Reagan administration . 
Mr. Tannenbaum is a reporter in the Journal 's New York bureau . 
Security Pacific Corp. has set its sights on buying its second bank holding company this year . 
'' Mr. Milunovich said he was revising his estimate for DEC 's current year from $ 8.20 a share to `` well below $ 8 , '' although he has n't settled on a final number . 
U.S. buyers have already been lined up . 
Certainly life for her has changed considerably since the days in Kiev , when she lived with her parents , her husband and her two sons in a 2 1\/2-room apartment in what she calls `` silent internal immigration , '' dreaming of escape . 
The complex regulation , known in the industry as Order 500 , has been hotly contested by all sides , including natural-gas producers , pipelines , local distribution companies and consumers . 
Investors and traders in Pacific exchange options `` are protected to the extent that they can convert their put and call options into the underlying instrument , '' Mr. Luthringshausen said . 
Whatever the outcome of a test case , President Bush would have to move cautiously becase the very attempt would `` antagonize not just Democrats but Republicans , '' says Louis Fisher , a scholar at the Congressional Research Service who specializes in executive-legislative relations . 
Perhaps the shock would have been less if they 'd fixed to another low-tax , deregulated , supply-side economy . 
Until then , it 's clear that some of the people who 've been keeping big-city schools down are going to be dealing with the Terminator . 
We have been persuaded by the constitutional argument for the inherent line-item veto since 1987 , when lawyer Stephen Glazier first made the case on this page . 
Pretax profit is seen at 45.00 billion yen , down from 47.17 billion yen , while net income is estimated at 23.500 billion yen , up from 23.031 billion yen . 
But yesterday , as the morning wore on , some major West Coast refinery operators -- including Chevron Corp. , Exxon Corp. and the Shell Oil Co. unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group -- said their refineries were n't damaged and were continuing to operate normally . 
Mr. Roman appears custom-made for the American Express job . 
`` Inflation could be a real surprise , '' said Samuel D. Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc. , in Chicago . 
Consolidated Rail Corp. , New York , reported that third-quarter net income climbed 4.8 % to $ 87 million , or $ 1.27 a share , exceeding analysts ' expectations . 
Gold stocks are n't cheap on this basis , either , with many selling for 20 times earnings or more . 
The company 's shares began trading at 12 1\/2 , up from its initial offering price of 12 , and closed at 13 . 
Third-quarter net was $ 40 million , or $ 1.04 a share , from $ 54.4 million , or $ 1.47 a share , a year ago . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 7\/16 % one year . 
-- Speed up the process for removing a pesticide that is n't an imminent hazard . 
Christopher Castleman , LIT chief executive , said in an interview that the loss stemmed from the default of three options traders who had bet on a price rise in UAL Corp. shares before Oct. 13 . 
The argument turns on the discovery in 1909 of an amazing fossil quarry high in the Canadian Rockies called the Burgess Shale . 
Most market participants said they were looking to this week 's inventory statistics from the American Petroleum Institute to give the market some direction . 
`` It 's one of the smoothest commutes I 've ever had , '' said Charles Catania , an insurance broker on the bus from Mill Valley in Marin County . 
Investors are still waiting to see how the U.S. government will decide on interest rates and how the dollar will be stabilized . 
The deluge has spurred cost-conscious companies to action , with mail rooms throwing the stuff out rather than taking the time or money to deliver it . 
Instead , network officials say , it may `` counterprogram '' with shows for an audience that is virtually ignored in that time period : adults . 
`` Ford wants { Jaguar } very much . '' 
If you start saving for your child 's eduction on Jan. 1 , 1990 , here 's the monthly sum you will need to invest to pay for four years at Yale , Notre Dame and University of Minnesota . 
British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . 
Most of the new additions were barely profitable , if not outright loss makers . 
`` We do n't disclose specifics . '' 
And if you are caught or if people complain , simply argue that `` everyone does it '' or `` no one said I should n't '' and brazen it out . 
The benchmark No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at a price of 96 , off 0.15 point to yield 5.27 % . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond fell more than 1\/2 point , or over $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount , while the yield moved above 8 % for the first time since Thursday . 
It also raised hackles of the city 's tourism boosters . 
( Intercepting other people 's private conversations is illegal and punishable by five years in prison and fines of $ 10,000 . ) 
The Pacific exchange has options for 129 underlying stock issues , including highly active Hilton Hotels Corp. , which is listed on the Big Board . 
Thomas A. Donovan , 37 years old , formerly vice president , West Coast operations , at this hazardous-waste-site remediation concern , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer , both newly created posts , and a director , filling a vacancy . 
1:20 a.m . 
`` It 's hard to know right now if the change is fundamental or cyclical . '' 
Another active FT-SE 100 stock was clothing and furniture retailer Burton , which gained 6 to 196 . 
The offering , Series 106 , is backed by Freddie Mac 9 1\/2 % securities . 
Israel Ortiz is only one of the thousands of entrepreneurs and their employees who will be injured or killed by crime this year . 
Under the circumstances , Dataproducts said , Mr. Tomash said he was unable to devote the time required because of other commitments . 
Waxman Industries Inc. said holders of $ 6,542,000 face amount of its 6 1\/4 % convertible subordinated debentures , due March 15 , 2007 , have elected to convert the debt into about 683,000 common shares . 
Rep. Garcia and his wife were found guilty by a federal jury in New York of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech Corp. in return for official acts by the New York Democrat . 
Stocks of California-based thrifts also were hard hit . 
What 's more , he thinks this could be a nastier recession than usual : `` Once the downturn comes , it 's going to be very hard to reverse . '' 
Holders can either convert each share into 421 shares of the company 's common stock , or surrender their shares at the per-share price of $ 1,000 , plus accumulated dividends of $ 6.71 a share . 
`` There 's very little upside to sterling , '' Mr. Roberts says , but he adds that near-term losses may be small because the selling wave that followed Mr. Major 's appointment apparently has run its course . 
Computer Associates has carved out a huge business selling such software for use in managing networks of International Business Machines Corp. computers but needs to find new markets if it is to maintain its growth rate of 30 % and more each year . 
Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own . 
A Coca-Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction . 
3 ) Develop rental agreements with exclusive purchase options for the renter . 
Former Patterson , N.J. , principal Joe Clark was no doubt the general public 's first experience with this new breed of no-nonsense administrator . 
Yesterday , in documents filed in connection with that case , Warner accused Sony officials of falsely claiming that they never read the five-year contract requiring the two producers to make movies exclusively for Columbia , citing Securities and Exchange Commission filings made by Sony that described the contracts . 
Sen. Cranston , as he returned to the capital last week from a one-day trip to inspect earthquake damage in San Francisco , sighed to an aide : `` Well , back to Keatingland . 
When her husband and son founded their computer company , Vesoft , she worked as business manager , bookkeeper and publicist . 
There 's plenty of whimsy here , but it is n't always clear whether it 's intentional . 
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators . 
His Next computer , introduced about a year ago and aimed primarily at university computer users , sports snazzy graphics , digital sound , built-in networking and a sleek black design . 
A Japanese apple called the Fuji is cropping up in orchards the way Hondas did on U.S. roads . 
Opinion is mixed over its three-month prospects . 
`` There 's no constitutional right involved in the rule change , '' he says . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- 
Jaguar ended 22 higher at 747 . 
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 . 
Dollar : 141.90 yen , up 0.25 ; 1.8340 marks , up 0.0040 . 
He also is an entertaining writer , combining wisecracks and wordplay with programmatic detail and lucid explanations of how computers work . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.47 % 30 days ; 8.42 % 60 days ; 8.25 % 90 days ; 8.10 % 120 days ; 8.02 % 150 days ; 7.95 % 180 days . 
According to those familiar with the situation , other bidders included Ratners Group PLC of London and Kay Jewelers Inc . 
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges . 
However , in response to the British Air decision , United 's pilot union vowed to continue efforts to revive the buy-out . 
The company did n't disclose a purchase price or capitalization figures . 
So developers are saying they will look into distressed properties . 
On his off-hours he wears cardigan sweaters . 
In these families , husbands took on 80 % more chores than in couples with only grammar school education . 
The male part , the anthers of the plant , and the female , the pistils , of the same plant are within a fraction of an inch or even attached to each other . 
Ciba-Geigy is a major pharmaceutical concern based in Basel , Switzerland . 
Intel 's microprocessors are the chips of choice in many of today 's personal computers and the 80486 microprocessor is the spearhead of the company 's bid to guard that spot in the next generation of machines . 
I 'm certainly not comfortable saying we 've seen the bottom . '' 
Any investor who acquires UAL stock in an attempt to force a buy-out or recapitalization must deal with United 's contentious unions . 
Previously , he had served in financial planning positions at the company 's Eastern Airlines unit . 
She has TB , after all , and a weak-kneed lover ; and though a successful courtesan , she is just about overdrawn at the bank . 
`` The deadbeats are still deadbeats , '' said Mr. Feinman of Drexel . 
He found that monetary crime losses , as a proportion of gross receipts , were 37 times higher for small businesses than for large ones . 
The 235 general-purpose funds increased $ 2.53 billion to $ 116.56 billion , while 96 broker-dealer funds increased $ 1.3 billion to $ 154.05 billion . 
Other bills will be moving soon that are expected to carry many of the tax cuts , including both the capital-gains and IRA provisions . 
CRI Inc. said it reduced the estimated cash distribution for its Capital Housing and Mortgage Partners Inc. trust to between 71 cents and 74 cents a share , from between 75 cents and 80 cents , for the year ending June 9 , 1990 . 
Judge John E. Sprizzo issued the order in Manhattan federal court , where Sony has accused the tiny company of illegally knocking off the `` My First Sony '' line . 
This argument plays well in the atmosphere of gaming and mistrust permeating the Pentagon and Congress , and unfortunately , there is some truth to it . 
The climate was right for the new FASB . 
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward . 
But he dropped his earlier $ 300-a-share back-up bid , saying he must first explore bank financing . 
Stockholders , as a group , can win , because they own a share of corporate earnings , which can grow and boost stock prices . 
Pilgrim had been closed for 32 months . 
The bank 's Arizona unit holds about $ 6 billion of First Interstate 's $ 50 billion of assets . 
But Mr. Simmons has long ties to both Republicans and banking . 
If a bank 's credit rating was lowered because of , say , its loans to Third World nations , that could also affect the ratings , liquidity and prices of the asset-backed issues that the bank supports . 
As the air clears from last week 's storm of resignations and reshufflings , the government faces a daunting job of rebuilding confidence in its policies . 
She now lives with relatives in Alabama . 
Still , in recent days , machinists ' union leaders have shown some new flexibility . 
The indictment charged that Pymm operated a machine to crush broken thermometers and recover the mercury in an illegal workroom . 
The subject will be written into the plots of prime-time shows , and viewers will be given a 900 number to call . 
Beyond that , many big oil , chemical and airline companies are siphoning off big chunks of the market by insuring themselves through `` captive '' offshore companies for industry-specific coverage . 
Its stake includes 106,100 shares bought in the open market from Aug. 30 to Oct. 18 for $ 10.375 to $ 12.125 a share . 
The rapid recovery continued to be fueled by growth in consumer loans , higher interest margins and only minor loan losses . 
Only McCaw 's proposal requires the company to begin an auction process in June 1994 for remaining shares at third-party prices . 
Amoco 's refining and marketing profit in the quarter fell to $ 134 million from $ 319 million . 
The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $ 200 billion junk market . 
Sony promptly countersued , charging Warner with trying to sabotage its acquisitions and hurt its efforts to enter the U.S. movie business . 
Xerox Corp. 's third-quarter net income grew 6.2 % on 7.3 % higher revenue , earning mixed reviews from Wall Street analysts . 
`` We 've gotten through two stock market crashes , and we 've gone through an election without any major problems , '' says David Hale , an economist of Kemper Financial Services . 
`` Vandenberg and Rayburn are heroes of mine , '' Mr. Boren says , referring as well to Sam Rayburn , the Democratic House speaker who cooperated with President Eisenhower . 
Typically , banks offer CD yields higher than those on Treasury bills , which are considered the safest short-term investments ; banks need a competitive edge to sell their products . 
Because all operations are connected , one equipment failure forces a complete plant shutdown . 
While lawmakers have n't raised the possibility of renewing military aid to the Contras following Ortega 's weekend threat to end a truce , Senate Majority Leader Mitchell said on NBC-TV that Ortega had made `` a very unwise move . 
The company 's decision was made after First Hospital failed to obtain financing for its offer . 
The defense electronics maker said delivery will begin in October 1991 and run through mid-1995 . 
Intel was up 1 3\/8 to 33 3\/4 . 
He said the company has no intention of tapping its short-term bank lines `` for a good part of 1990 . '' 
They long made little effort here . 
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world . 
Besides British Gas , British Steel skidded 1.74 to 123.5 on turnover of 11 million shares . 
Genetic Defect Spotted In 3-Day-Old Embryo 
Other winners Monday included nonferrous metals , which attracted investors because of a surge in gold prices on the back of the unstable dollar . 
As the gain from the sales indicates , operating profit was `` significantly '' below the year-earlier level , Mr. Cawthorn said . 
Yesterday , for example , the Commerce Department reported that new orders for durable goods fell 0.1 % , while the nation 's auto makers reported lackluster mid-October sales . 
Finally , IBM had to delay the introduction of some high-end disk drives , which account for 10 % of its $ 60 billion of annual revenue . 
Mike Greece Former Air Force Career Officer New York 
The pilot union , the only one to support the buy-out thus far , said the flight attendants ' decision `` enforces our belief that an all-employee owned airline is practical and achievable . '' 
Copper has been stuck in a trading range of $ 1.19 to $ 1.34 . 
The theme of industry consolidation had surfaced earlier this year among drug stocks , which posted solid gains in the latest session . 
PNC Financial cited higher income from sources unrelated to interest and said it continues to cut costs . 
Or , the investor can exercise the put , by tendering the stock to his or her broker in return for payment from another investor who has sold a put on the same stock . 
`` The opposition can be the most hurt because everyone already figures the LDP is that kind of beast , '' says Shigezo Hayasaka , former aide to LDP kingmaker Kakuei Tanaka and now an independent analyst . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking issues lost 2.38 to 458.32 . 
In his Mansion House speech , Mr. Lawson warned that a further slowdown can be expected as the impact of the last rise in interest rates earlier this month takes effect . 
A spokesman for the company said a meeting would be held for shareholders to vote on the amendment before year 's end . 
He said Sassy will keep its irreverent tone , but added , `` We will keep a close watch on the editorial content of the magazine . '' 
Like most treasury secretaries , Mr. Brady takes a keen interest in monetary matters , of course . 
The company is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation into whether its officials and its utility subsidiaries conspired to cover up their accounting for spare parts to evade federal income taxes . 
Even now , the American attack upon this tremendous problem is timid in relation to the magnitude of the threat . 
Only a week ago , when airline buy-out fever was already winding down , Mr. Steinhardt was engaged in a duel with USAir . 
Think I 'll buy one of those `` I Survived '' T-shirts after all . 
`` In the aftermath of Vietnam , in the aftermath of Iran-Contra , I can understand some people might think that if they plan a coup , they have to bring their lawyers , '' he says . 
Fleet reported nine-month net of $ 279.0 million , or $ 2.51 a primary share , up from $ 248.2 million , or $ 2.28 a share , a year earlier . 
Pharmaceuticals made across-the-board advances . 
Teddy , the eldest of Max 's sons , has made the most dramatic escape by becoming a professor of philosophy at an American university . 
The products -- sealants and bonding materials used by dentists -- all contain fluoride that is released over time . 
Other bids ranged from about 10 million yen to 29 million yen . 
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . '' 
Mr. Whittington will remain on the main group board as a nonexecutive director . 
CalMat advanced 2 3\/4 to 28 3\/4 , Lone Star Industries gained 1 3\/4 to 29 1\/4 , Lafarge rose 1 to 19 1\/2 , Southdown added 5\/8 to 24 5\/8 and Eljer Industries rose 1 1\/4 to 24 7\/8 . 
Should USX be left with only Marathon , Mr. Corry might well feel pushed to scout out other energy companies . 
If this pattern continues , the Labor Department said , 1989 will be the first year that the measure has shown an increase since 1981 when the department started comparing expiring contracts with those that replaced them . 
`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt . 
Now the thrift that issued the CD is insolvent , and Dr. Blumenfeld has learned to his surprise that the premium is n't insured under federal deposit insurance . 
Since then , the bank has strengthened its Italian network , and has posted strong results . 
It all started with geography . 
On a fully diluted basis , the two raised their stake to 68 % from 51 % . 
In a July 6 letter to the Senate Securities Subcommittee , First Boston Corp. argued that the fact that no retail brokerage firm failed during the 1987 market crash demonstrates that current rules are adequate . 
In fact , DLJ says , the company envisions capital expenses of about $ 180 million a year . 
`` They are n't showing James Madison taking a puff or lighting up , '' says Laurence Tribe , a professor of constitutional law at Harvard University . 
Units will cost from 500,000 to 3.5 million Australian dollars ( about US$ 386,000 to US$ 2.7 million ) . 
Indeed , many senior officials had been insisting for weeks that Mr. Bush was n't interested in such an informal get-together . 
Overall , his investments so far this year are showing gains of about 20 % , he adds . 
Such a pace of growth , though respectable for mature industrialized economies , would be unusually slow for Hong Kong . 
In light of the recent skittishness in the high-yield market , junk bond analysts and traders expect other high-yield deals to be sweetened or restructured before they are offered to investors . 
AT&T unveiled a sweetened early retirement plan for management that the company hopes will save it $ 450 million in the next year . 
Consultants have said that it will take a while for all the pieces of the IBM strategy to fall into place , even though the specific products IBM unveiled will generally be available by the end of the first quarter . 
A sinking pound makes imports more expensive and increases businesses ' expectations of future inflation , he argued . 
What 's more , Mr. Lang says he has what all publishers wish for : a bona fide niche . 
SONGsters are mad as heck about campus anti-intellectualism and they are n't going to take it anymore , at least not without trying a few really neat ideas first . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Bankers Trust fell 12.5 cents to $ 50.50 . 
New York-based Hearst Corp. this fall plans to publish its first issue of 9 Months , a magazine for expectant mothers , and has already launched American Home . 
He may be waiting to see the results of several pending SEC studies of junk market liquidity and disclosure rules . 
Mr. Corr resigned to pursue other business interests , the airline said . 
First Wachovia Corp. said John F. McNair III will retire as president and chief executive officer of this regional banking company 's Wachovia Corp. and Wachovia Bank & Trust Co. subsidiaries on Dec. 31 . 
The Excalibur , with a castlelike hotel , jousting tournaments and other Arthurian attractions , will be able to handle up to 30,000 visitors a day when it opens in 1990 . 
Pricing details were n't available . 
Their yields are higher than those of U.S. Treasury issues . 
For those investors who believe -- or fear -- that 1990 will be a recession year , many economists and money managers agree on steps that can be taken to lower the risks in a portfolio . 
As of last weekend , a dozen labs also have reported measuring `` excess '' heat from similar electrolytic experiments , although amounts of such heat vary widely . 
The tension mounted as Ralph Branca , again on the mound , stared down the batter . 
Mr. Klein will work with Mr. Kroll on some of the agency 's joint venture activities and acquisitions while the case is pending . 
Some analysts said the consumer price index reflects a more significant slowdown in the U.S. economy than earlier indicated . 
While she is wondering whether to live it up , and do something even more dramatic , say get married , her life is further complicated by the reappearance of an old flame , David , a film critic and actor who always seems to be just on the brink of stardom . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. said it 's still actively evaluating U.S. Memories and plans to meet with U.S. Memories representatives later this week . 
Three other major U.S. banks posted earnings increases . 
He added that federal agents hope to recover at least half that amount . 
`` Looking only at a narrow American strategy is n't where it 's at . '' 
The benchmark 30-year bond was nearly 1\/4 point higher , or up about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
The action came as Congress sent to President Bush a fiscal 1990 bill providing an estimated $ 156.7 billion for the Departments of Labor , Education , Health and Human Services . 
The proposals , from suitors including Interpublic Group , come as the London-based ad giant struggles through its most difficult period ever . 
Lion Nathan Ltd. agreed to buy the franchise to bottle , distribute and market Pepsi-Cola soft-drink products in Australia , the company said . 
The Stanza has been a nonentity compared with Honda 's hugely successful Accord and Toyota 's Camry . 
Estimated volume was a moderate 3.5 million ounces . 
Many economic-development officials say the Koch administration 's aggressive approach helped save 5,000 Chase Manhattan Bank jobs from moving across the Hudson . 
Mr. Courter , by comparison , seems a shadow of the confident hawk who defended Oliver North before national cameras at Iran-Contra hearings two years ago . 
`` The implication of an unsettled situation is that the thing could drop dramatically , '' says Henry Linsert Jr. , chairman of Martek Corp. , a four-year-old biotechnology company that is planning a private placement of stock . 
At closely held Deltec Securities Corp. , junk bond money managers Amy K. Minella and Hannah H. Strasser say the problems of the junk market go deeper than a temporary malaise . 
Company officials said over the weekend that Qintex Australia 's bank creditors have become concerned about a barrage of bad news at the company , including a failed US$ 1.5 billion plan to buy MGM\/UA Communications Co. , a Beverly Hills , Calif. , movie and television production concern . 
Even before Mr. Tonkin 's broadside , some large dealers said they were cutting inventories . 
At that level , and given the uncertainty , he believes UAL stock should trade closer to 
In the ratings compiled by the A.C. Nielsen Co. , ABC , which broadcast the World Series , topped the competition with a 14.8 rating and 25 share . 
The firm said that losers outnumbered gainers by more than three to one among the 122 funds it tracks . 
The latest earnings reflect an increase of about 5.5 million in common shares outstanding . 
The action increases the annual dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.08 . 
Codifying those sanctions could prompt Chinese retaliation . 
Exxon Corp. filed suit against the state of Alaska , charging state officials interfered with the oil company 's initial efforts to treat last spring 's giant oil spill . 
The offices took 10,000 square feet of a building with 14-foot ceilings and big , operable windows . 
T-bills sold at Monday 's auction yielded 7.90 % for six months and 7.77 % for three months , up from 7.82 % and 7.61 % , respectively , the week before . 
Home is an estate with green meadows opening onto Lake Geneva and a low-slung house whose rooms overlook the water and offer a view of the French Alps . 
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country . 
The bottom fifth of all families got 4.6 % of the income , down from 5.2 % a decade earlier . 
`` But I 'm not one of these great dollar bears you see more of these days , '' Mr. Zapfel said . 
All rights Reserved . 
But while better-off Filipinos are quick to cite the logic in using a language as widespread as English , they are often slow to reveal that they are prejudiced against Filipino , say advocates of the native language . 
In a letter to investors , Chairman Edward S. Finkelstein wrote that he expects the company to `` benefit from some of the disruption faced by our competitors . 
Bricktop , another American black woman who found a measure of fame in Paris , said : `` I do n't think I 've ever known anyone with a less complicated view of life , or whose life was more complicated than Josephine 's . '' 
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony . 
In each show , Mancuso gets to unleash similar harangues : 
And among domestic programs , the most serious threat is White House opposition to abortion riders attached to separate bills funding the District of Columbia and Department of Health and Human Services . 
The offering , Series 1989-83 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
A spokeswoman said the apparel market troughed in the first half of 1988 , then began showing improvement in the second half of last year . 
The administration continues to support SDI , or Star Wars , and it recently lobbied to persuade the Senate to restore some of the funds it planned to cut from the program . 
Courts have ruled that taxpayers must submit to TCMP audits , but the IRS will excuse from the fullscale rigors anyone who was audited without change for either 1986 or 1987 . 
The U.S. 's interest in Somalia consists of a single runway at the port of Berbera , which U.S. military aircraft have the right to use for surveillance of the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean . 
`` Do n't say it 's a gold ceiling . 
Mr. Pearce has also encouraged his staff to work more closely with GM 's technical staffs to help prevent future litigation . 
For instance , tired flight attendants might not react quickly enough during an emergency evacuation . 
Since March , exports have been virtually flat . 
According to some of the grand panjandrums of the market , it never happened . 
`` For someone who has everything else -- Reggie 's jersey , cap and cards -- his checks might be a nice addition , '' says William Vizas , owner of Bill 's Sports Collectibles in Denver , who examined the checks at the San Francisco card show . 
The pact also calls for coordination between Finnair and Switzerland 's national carrier , Swissair , with which SAS entered a similar alliance last month . 
Detrex Corp. said a reserve it is establishing to cover expected pollution cleanup costs at an Ohio plant reduced its third-quarter net income by $ 1.9 million . 
Meanwhile , in another sign that a new bid is n't imminent , it was learned that the UAL board held a telephone meeting Monday to hear an update on the situation , but that a formal board meeting is n't likely to be convened until early next week . 
New management can take several steps to reduce dishonesty . 
By concealing the non-enforcement agreement , certain transactions with Messrs. Taylor and Watson were entered on FirstSouth 's books as loans , allowing the thrift to report fees and interest as current income , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Little Rock , Ark . 
But as the outcry faded by the spring of 1988 , they resumed . 
The transaction places the three executives squarely at the helm of a major agency with the rather unwieldy name of Eurocom WCRS Della Femina Ball Ltd. , or EWDB . 
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas . 
In a foreign-policy address before the Soviet legislature , the foreign minister conceded that the radar station in Krasnoyarsk breached the superpower Anti-Ballistic Missile treaty and said it would be dismantled . 
Digital Equipment Corp. , Tandem Computers Inc. , NEC Corp. and Group Bull , among others , have similar arrangements with MIPs , based in Sunnyvale , Calif . 
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years . 
The company earned $ 191.1 million , or $ 2.79 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
`` If you invested $ 10,000 in the initial public offering in 1962 , it would be worth well over $ 5 million today , '' says Fredric E. Russell , a Tulsa , Okla. , money manager . 
Mrs. Garcia , 49 , formerly was a member of Mr. Garcia 's congressional staff . 
The discount rate on six-month Treasury bills fell slightly to 7.60 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.99 % . 
`` Now the interest is in what else can I do with that money . '' 
Anthony J.F. O'Reilly , the company 's chairman , swears by her firm touch , saying regular massages are a balm for his old football injuries . 
This is in response to George Melloan 's Business World column `` The Housing Market Is a Bigger Mess Than You Think '' ( op-ed page , Sept. 26 ) . 
Chairman Gonzalez expresses sympathy for Sen. Riegle , his counterpart as chairman of the Senate Banking Committee . 
Just last week it suffered another major setback when British Airways PLC , the largest equity investor in the labor-management bid , withdrew its support . 
If I die early , I win -- a hollow victory , since I ca n't enjoy it -- and if I live long , the insurer wins . 
Harry Lee Smith Alpharetta , Ga . 
Under the proposal by Equitec , a financially troubled real-estate syndicator , New York-based Hallwood Group Inc. would replace Equitec as the newly formed master limited partnership 's general partner and manager . 
Did I buy it ? 
At Scudder and at the smaller Ivy funds group in Hingham , Mass. , for instance , some shareholders called early in the morning to switch money from stock funds to money market funds , but later called back to reverse the switches . 
One of the more bizarre garden stories since Eden has been unfolding for four years now , in the private paper-and-crayon fantasies of artist Jennifer Bartlett . 
-- Bruce Kafaroff . 
The traffic jam out of the park was monumental . 
`` If they 're telling the truth now , then they 've been charging 300 % more than what is reasonable , '' says Steve Gardner , an assistant state attorney general in Texas . 
In Japan , Furukawa said it will raise production at a plant outside Tokyo to 300,000 sheets monthly from 100,000 . 
Mr. Rubenstein said the five , who were n't on Shea & Gould 's management committee , `` are leaving on good terms . '' 
Even more remarkably , it focused on emissions trading and similar market approaches to address pollution , notwithstanding Poland 's lack of functioning markets . 
Critical opinion is divided about the success of Benton 's populist defiance of modernist art . 
Newport Electronics Inc. of Santa Ana , Calif. , said Milton B. Hollander , who holds a 49.4 % stake , requested a special shareholders ' meeting next Wednesday to remove four current directors and elect an alternative slate . 
In either case , ask yourself whether you have become better informed on the issues under protest by watching the act of civil disobedience . 
And another wave of bad loans would further batter many already-shaky lending institutions . 
One ad features a huge robot carrying a voluptuous woman in a faint . 
The package was brought to the House just 15 days after it was introduced , indicating Congress 's eagerness to reward Poland and Hungary for their moves toward democracy and freemarket economic reforms . 
Furthermore , a U.S. rejection of the capital increase ( and transfer of shares to Japan ) would give Japan an argument against future calls for economic burden-sharing . 
In comparing changes in mortality rates over the past decade , the NCI study looked only at blacks and whites . 
The tax increase , which will be considered at a special session of the state legislature that begins tomorrow , would cover only part of the estimated $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion in total damage caused by the Oct. 17 quake . 
Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers , reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter , citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar . 
The role of academic criteria in choosing Berkeley 's freshmen can only decline as a result . 
They are very visually sophisticated , '' explains LSI graphics specialist Robert Seltzer . 
Company officials , holders and analysts who previously expected the disposals to be substantially complete by the end of next year 's first half now say the market gyrations could delay the actions well into the second half . 
Aid was also the gist of the talks Sen. Dodd had with Salvadoran President Alfredo Cristiani ; Mr. Cristiani 's government is very much at the mercy of U.S. largess and is forced to listen very carefully to Sen. Dodd 's likes and dislikes . 
There are so many cunning ploys used by so many dubious operators , they say , that it is probably impossible to stop them all . 
`` Just because we 've got some realism back in the market does n't mean it 's going lower from here , '' he says . 
Money-fund assets soared $ 4.5 billion in the week ended Tuesday , to a record $ 348.4 billion , according to IBC\/Donoghue 's Money Fund Report , a Holliston , Mass.-based newsletter . 
`` The rate of failures will be much more than the rate of successes in the mega-projects , '' says G.S. Patel , a former chairman of the giant , government-run mutual fund , the Unit Trust of India . 
The country has in recent years accepted more than 500,000 refugees from at least four bordering nations . 
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size . 
Soon after the merger , moreover , Federal 's management asked Tiger 's pilots to sign an agreement stating that they could be fired any time , without cause or notice . 
Friday 's 44-cent-a-barrel price drop to $ 19.98 in the expiring November contract for West Texas Intermediate crude may well set the tone for trading this week in petroleum futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange . 
In the past two years , the desert behind them has become a land of mass executions and utter anarchy , where , due to Mr. Barre 's brutality and ineptitude , nobody is any longer in control . 
Some of our best and most idiosyncratic film makers -- from Truffaut to Fellini to Woody Allen -- have taken a cue from Chekhov : When it comes to compelling drama , there 's no place like home . 
It has an unusual kind of independence from elected officials and still has authority over one of the most powerful of government 's instruments -- the control of the money supply . 
The brew , called Miller Sharp 's , will be supported by ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable , Milwaukee . 
`` It 's been a spectacular year for the emerging growth stock investor , '' Mr. Weisberg said . 
U.S. companies account for less than 8 % of the 1,000 or more Soviet joint ventures that have been announced since the Soviets began encouraging such undertakings in 1987 . 
BankAmerica dropped 1 1\/4 to 29 1\/2 on 2.3 million shares amid rumors that the earthquake last week in the San Francisco area had caused structural damage to its headquarters building . 
The move was interpreted by some economists as a sign that the Fed does n't want the federal funds rate to move any lower than the 8 3\/4 % at which it has been hovering around during the past week . 
He had valued the shares at more than $ 1 million two years earlier . 
Seats are currently quoted at $ 425,000 bid and $ 475,000 offered . 
Better to have a true monetarist policy , just for the experience . 
Nonetheless , the $ 36 million issue they floated in 1980 opened at $ 35 and leaped to $ 89 within 20 minutes . 
Wall Street traders and analysts estimate that takeover stock traders own UAL stock and options equal to as many as 6.5 million shares , or about 30 % of the total outstanding . 
So far this year , 534,000 newly built homes have been sold , down 4.5 % from the like months of 1988 . 
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon . 
It also temporarily closed Quantum , because of the internal investigation , as well as the FDA 's ongoing inquiry . 
Timothy Vincent , Petco chief executive officer , confirmed that Petco was withdrawing from the clearing business . 
The show , one of five new NBC series , is the second casualty of the three networks so far this fall . 
Now the Journal , flush with ads and hugely profitable , is even with La Presse in weekend circulation and outsells it 3 to 2 every weekday . 
THE PANHANDLER approaches , makes his pitch . 
At 555 W. 57th St. in Manhattan , one floor below the offices of `` 60 Minutes , '' the most successful prime-time news program ever , actors wait in the reception area to audition for `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung . '' 
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary . 
Concord is a camera and photographic products company . 
a - Discounted rate . 
Ever since the days of Alfred Thayer Mahan ( U.S. naval officer and naval historian ) and Teddy Roosevelt the Navy has been the service most favored by Washington officialdom . 
The machinists ' criticisms of the labor-management bid and their threats of a strike unless they received substantial wage increases this year helped cool banks ' interest in financing the transaction . 
`` I did n't even know that a company in a socialistic country could file for bankruptcy . '' 
This helps explain the triple-A rating enjoyed by our bonds and our ability to borrow $ 9.3 billion in fiscal 1989 on the most advantageous terms . 
It was enjoyable to hear accomplished jazz without having to sit in a smoke-filled club , but like the first half , much of it was easy to take and ultimately forgettable . 
If they were to insist on a low bid of , say $ 200 a share , the board might n't be able to obtain a higher offer from other bidders because banks might hesitate to finance a transaction the pilots oppose . 
With the TV business falling on hard times in recent years , analysts say that if SCI TV had to be liquidated today , it might fetch 30 % less than in the 1987 buy-out , wiping out most of the company 's junk-holders and its stockholders . 
It struck me as a way to get back to what I really want to do . '' 
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue . 
On a $ 10,000 investment , that 's a difference of only $ 50 a year . 
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million . 
Year-earlier earnings reflected costs of $ 14.3 million related to the acquisition of IMS International . 
Sperry merged with Burroughs Corp. to become Unisys Corp. in late 1986 . 
A family foundation set up by late founder Henry Dunker controls 59 % of Trelleborg 's voting shares outstanding . 
But that drop was caused entirely by a decline in Brazilian interest paid , to $ 5 million from $ 54 million the second quarter . 
Another analyst said the Cananea return to operation may not be as near as some expect . 
They wear tuxedos most nights , unless circumstances ( a regular gig at a `` tropical '' lounge , for example ) require them to wear special costumes , like Hawaiian shirts . 
Millions of refugees would rush home . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index eased 0.13 to 470.67 . 
He added that `` there 's no quick-fix solution '' to the economic woes , and said `` tight monetary policy is the right approach . '' 
Many small investors went for the safety of money market funds . 
Also , it was not a funny time over here , what with the Vietnam War , the '68 Democratic convention , assassinations and riots . 
In a hopeless position , the computer resigned rather than make its 37th move . 
`` It is n't just yuppie television , '' argues Jack Clifford , director of the department 's office of microelectronics and instrumentation . 
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point . 
He said he would n't comment on the CFTC plan until the exchange has seen the full proposal . 
As a result , Frank Gaffney , a former Reagan Pentagon aide who now heads the Center for Security Policy , charges that the administration 's `` professions of continued commitment to development and deployment of the SDI program strain credulity . '' 
They graze at the Farmers Market , a combination gourmet food court and grocery store , while a pianist accompanies the noon fashion show with a selection of dreamy melodies . 
Of the 1,300 chemists registered for the society 's weeklong meeting , fewer than 200 sat through the day and a half of cold fusion presentations at week 's end . 
There are also questions about whether a new and inexperienced mayor can manage the city through what could become a financial crisis . 
THE EARTHQUAKE in San Francisco has sent few tremors through the hearts of real estate investors . 
`` I think the market could pop up to the $ 1.22 to $ 1.25 level without too much difficulty , '' he said . 
Payco American , a credit collection concern , jumped 1 3\/8 to 20 5\/8 on volume of 93,000 , and Mail Boxes Etc. , a private postal services company , advanced 1\/2 to 23 1\/2 on volume of 64,000 . 
`` People comfortable with the passive approach are using them for other strategies . '' 
Ford Motor Co. said it is consolidating control of its Asian operations under a new organization here that will be headed by W. Wayne Booker . 
Many airlines are talking about cargo ventures , and there have been rumors about such a tie between JAL and European airlines . 
When he sneaked back later to try again , a different policeman offered to help him get the car out . 
According to department policy , prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers ' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made . 
For such businessmen , the Canadian government is organizing 55 missions this year to U.S. states bordering on Canada . 
Sure , price action is volatile and that 's scary , but all-in-all stocks are still a good place to be , they suggest . 
But fund officials said the Santa Fe Pacific Realty investment provides an opportunity to buy a stake in a large real estate portfolio heavily weighted with California properties . 
In Louisville , Ky. , for example , David Peterson has built a Lexus dealership with the showroom on the second floor . 
Lilly is building plants to make the insulin in Indianapolis and Fagershein , France . 
The action is a counterclaim to a suit filed by Alaska in August against Exxon and six other oil companies . 
The FTC first issued an administrative complaint in the case in 1985 . 
Futures prices rose slightly in a market filled with rumors that a new international coffee agreement might still be achieved . 
-- `` Somehow , and I do n't know how , the game needs to be played for fun again , and not for the big bowl revenues or lucrative TV contracts '' . 
U.S. District Judge David Edelstein also permanently enjoined Mr. Lombardo from any future dealings with the Teamsters or any other labor union . 
Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. posted a loss for fiscal 1989 of 980.2 million Australian dollars ( US$ 762.4 million ) , the largest in Australian corporate history . 
The Fujitsu spokeswoman said headquarter officials did n't approve the bid in advance and will take measures so this kind of thing does n't happen in the future . 
At Nynex , net slumped 14.8 % , primarily because of a continuing strike by 60,000 employees , lower-than-expected profit at its New York Telephone unit and significantly higher taxes and costs . 
The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions . 
Some businesses -- like Disneyland -- claim that even if they became isolated in a crisis , they would be able to feed and care for their people for as long as five days . 
The effort is being led by Contel . 
A spokesman cited a `` technical error '' and declined to elaborate . 
The Senate negotiators included Sens. Cranston and Riegle and Mr. Wall 's principal sponsor , Republican Sen. Jake Garn of Utah . 
Currently , Fox supplies programs on Saturdays , Sundays and Mondays , although the company plans to expand to other weeknights . 
The Fed also said U.S. industry operated at 83.6 % of capacity last month , down from 83.8 % in August . 
Each 1,000 mark and 10,000 mark bond is convertible from Nov. 27 , 1989 , to March 21 , 1995 , at a price to be determined when terms are fixed Oct. 25 . 
By acquiring the shares , Lawrence Group increased its stake in Lawrence Insurance to 93.2 % from 91.2 % . 
Galax , Va . 
The size of the offering was increased from the originally planned $ 250 million ( redemption amount ) . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton began its coverage of the company with favorable ratings . 
Food is the reformer 's top priority , the key to popular support . 
Coach them in handling complaints so that they can resolve problems immediately . 
But it hints strongly that both organizations would increasingly lose their clout as the changes , particularly the introduction of wholesale trade and the breakup of state monopolies , take effect . 
Mr. Stein said tighter operating controls have enabled Ekco to reduce inventory levels 25 % to 30 % ; improve on-time delivery of orders to about 95 % from around 70 % ; and to lower the number of labor hours required to produce a unit . 
A beaming Mr. Pilson announced his lastest coup at a news conference that afternoon . 
John C. Marous , chairman and chief executive officer , says he expects a commercial order by 1995 for the company 's AP600 nuclear power plant , which is under development . 
The consequences of building empires with sand are showing up . 
He expects the price for that product to rise even more next year . 
This is partly due to the particular demands of the crop . 
This fatuous statement was not taken seriously when enacted in 1972 , and should not now be confused with the operative provisions of the statute . 
As it is , we identify national goals and the threats to these goals , we shape a strategy to counter these threats , we determine the forces needed to execute the strategy , before finally forging the budgets needed to build and maintain the forces . 
Wells Fargo & Co. fell 50 cents to $ 81.50 , and BankAmerica Corp. fell 50 cents to $ 31.875 . 
In the U.S. , radiation limits are set and monitored by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , which licenses reactors that process the topaz . 
Investors lack equal access to the markets ' trading arena and its information . 
That would indicate that the arbs have paper losses on UAL alone totalling $ 725 million . 
Coniston Partners , which with related entities controls 80 % of TW , had been planning to sell $ 1.15 billion of junk bonds , among other things to finance their acquisition of the remaining public shares . 
Such sentiment is being supported by word that a large amount of cash from investment trust funds is scheduled to enter the market later this week and in early November . 
At the time , the Merksamer chain had 11 stores in operation . 
Hewlett-Packard will charge $ 5,000 for a license covering 10 users . 
The government contract required Meredith Relocation Corp. to purchase employees ' homes based on independent appraisals . 
In reaffirming the current monetary policy of using high interest rates to fight inflation and shore up the pound , Mr. Lawson dismissed other approaches to managing the economy . 
Bloomingdale 's does an estimated $ 1.2 billion in annual sales . 
But this week , B.A.T has been hit harder than other big U.K. stocks -- first by the market gyrations , then by Tuesday 's San Francisco earthquake , which could leave B.A.T 's Farmers Group Inc. insurance unit facing big claims . 
His entry-price condos are labeled Society Hill . 
Under the originally contemplated terms of the offering , the notes would have been reset annually at a fixed spread above Treasurys . 
Jeremiah Mullins , head of OTC trading at Dean Witter Reynolds , said both institutional and retail investors were buying . 
Bond Corp. , a brewing , property , media and resources company , is selling many of its assets to reduce its debts . 
The only industry sector to report more business failures for the nine months was the finance , insurance and real-estate sector , where bankruptcies grew 8.1 % to 2,046 from 1,892 . 
It has a `` great location , but they 're going to have some real problems when everyone around them opens , '' says Daniel Lee , a Drexel analyst . 
In England , Martin Leach , a spokesman for Lloyd 's of London , said the insurance market has n't yet been able to estimate the total potential claims from the disaster . 
Paris market sources said they believed Allianz was buying yesterday morning , and Navigation Mixte moved up 108 francs ( $ 17.19 ) to close at 1,908 francs in heavy trading . 
In its ruling , the NRC said that because Seabrook will be allowed to charge rates sufficient to run the plant and make payments on past construction costs , consideration of the owners ' financial condition is pointless . 
Family-owned firms that need cash to grow are attractive , says John Turner of Matuschka Gruppe , Munich . 
Some estimates have gone as high as 80,000 members . 
Under terms of the loan agreement , Amdura said it will omit the next quarterly dividends on its Series A , B , C and D preferred shares , which are due Nov. 15 . 
About $ 518 million of debt is affected . 
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis . 
Moscom Corp. said its board approved the repurchase of as many as 300,000 common shares when market conditions are suitable . 
Per capita income rose 1.7 % to $ 13,120 , but median family income fell 0.2 % . 
Blocked by patent protection from following suit , Dictaphone decided to go a step further and cut the cassette in half again -- down to the length of a paperclip . 
Court documents filed by prosecutors indicate Mr. Tomlin tried to steer to Sperry a multimillion dollar contract to computerize maintenance of certain Navy electronics equiment . 
Even suburban Prince George 's County , Md. , reported last week there have been a record 96 killings there this year , most of them drug-related . 
He blames imports . 
`` This plays right into the hands of the advertising agencies . '' 
But one clear problem during the coup attempt was that the NSC staffer most experienced in Latin America , Everett Briggs , was gone . 
One participant prematurely declared that America has had a free market in goods but a planned economy for environmental protection , while Poland represents the opposite . 
This is because a Delaware court earlier this year said that Drexel is entitled to get its money back before or at the same time as the limited partners . 
Dr. Wyndham Wilson , a cancer treatment specialist at the National Cancer Institute , said the test is widely used in research centers but is n't having a major impact because it is only occasionally useful in choosing the most effective treatment . 
Generally , regulators have n't announced enforcement actions in the past . 
But Mr. Brady argued that the SEC is closer to the markets and in a better position to understand when the exchanges are under such stress that they should be closed . 
Sears has been counting on growth coming from the large displays of brand-name merchandise it is adding to its stores over the next two years in what it calls `` power formats . '' 
Economists had expected a $ 9.1 billion gap . 
Bank Deposits : Currency , checking-account deposits , small savings and time deposits , certificates of deposits , money-market fund shares . 
The newest uses of the 900-interactive technology demonstrate the growing variety of applications . 
But Mr. Lippens said a rescue also could involve Asahi Mutual Life Insurance Co. , which owns 5 % of AG . 
The shuttle Atlantis 's crew prepared to return to Earth today several hours earlier than planned to avoid high winds forecast at the landing site at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif . 
Production is expected to be about 40,000 barrels of oil a day after completion of the drilling program . 
-- Least-cost solutions . 
He did not say what effect , if any , the $ 500,000 fine would have on the company 's earnings . 
Speculative investors , betting on an imminent clash between Ford and GM , pushed up Jaguar 's share price five pence ( eight U.S. cents ) to a near-record 720 pence ( $ 11.60 ) in late trading on London 's stock exchange yesterday . 
Mr. Dinkins lost twice by wide margins before finally getting elected borough president in 1985 . 
The package is more than $ 1 billion above the recommendations of Budget Director Richard Darman this week . 
The benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at a price of 101 25\/32 to yield 7.955 % , compared with 100 29\/32 to yield 8.032 % Wednesday . 
These would not function independently , but would act together to form `` combines , unions and associations '' to tackle problems and coordinate their activities . 
Texas Rep. William Archer , the ranking Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee said , `` I do n't see how we have the votes '' to place a capital-gains tax cut there . 
The Floral Park , N.Y. , thrift has a strong capital-to-assets ratio , said Vice President Michael D.N. Confer . 
Most other supercomputer manufacturers have yet to adopt the Posix standard , Mr. Paluck said , adding that they prefer to maintain proprietary systems that lock in customers . 
Coda Energy Inc. said it completed the sale of Phenix-Transmission Co. to Bishop Pipeline Co. , for $ 17 million in cash and notes . 
Experts say that whatever a person 's particular weak point , timing is crucial . 
Rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue , which is non-callable for five years , will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co . 
( `` A turban , '' she specifies , `` though it was n't the time for that 14 years ago . 
She urges client couples to begin a `` detoxification '' period , purging social and other nonproductive activities and setting time apart for themselves . 
But congressional Democrats have blocked the same from occurring at the federal level , with the exception of a 1988 law allowing capital punishment for certain drug-related homicides . 
The people have given their leading and only credible political party , the Liberal Democratic Party , clear and uninterrupted power for those 40 years . 
Billings were n't disclosed . 
While that represents a small percentage of the city 's public debt outstanding , Friday 's selling followed a weeklong effort to unload the bonds by a broad spectrum of institutional and individual investors . 
The scope of the improvement in the U.S. business caught some analysts by surprise . 
`` Spirits companies now view themselves as global marketers , '' says Michael Bellas , president of Beverage Marketing Corp. , a research and consulting firm . 
And expect slower fastballs . 
Alan D'Agosto , president of Panda 's Inc. , an operator of Arby 's restaurants in Omaha , says : `` All we 're doing is keeping the customers coming , but we are n't increasing sales . '' 
For the week , the index dropped 3.8 % . 
Steppenwolf needs the extra seats even more than the fly space . 
When Chancellor Helmut Kohl travels to Poland Nov. 9 , he is expected to take with him a promise of three billion West German marks ( $ 1.6 billion ) in new credit guarantees for industrial projects . 
Almost 40 % of schizophrenic men have an impaired sense of smell vs. fewer than 10 % of schizophrenic women , reports the American Journal of Psychiatry . 
Without legal recourse , there are no guarantees of civil rights for anyone . 
Recession or not , people still eat , smoke , and take medicine when they 're sick . 
Stocks have a place in an investors ' portfolio along with real estate , bonds , international securities and cash , he says . 
That heavily politicized event learned nothing from the horrifying experience , and seems doomed to repeat it . 
More troubling for Mr. Dinkins is his record in personal accounting . 
And important U.S. lawmakers must decide at the end of November if the Contras are to receive the rest of the $ 49 million in so-called humanitarian assistance under a bipartisan agreement reached with the Bush administration in March . 
As banks processed six-foot telexes of sell orders , the crush led to Manic Monday 's worst decline : German stocks ended down 13 % . 
Still , proponents contend that the veto would have what Mr. Glazier calls an important `` chilling effect '' on all manner of appropriations bills . 
Your Oct. 12 editorial `` Pitiful , Helpless Presidency ? '' correctly states that I was critical of the Bush administration 's failure to have any plan in place to respond in a timely fashion to the opportunities to oust Manuel Noriega presented by the attempted military coup on Oct. 3 . 
A few days after that Sept. 17 game , Mr. Aikman broke a finger , sidelining him for weeks . 
The highest-rated show continues to be ABC 's `` Roseanne . '' 
Speed is a component of quality -- one of the things we must deliver to satisfy customers . '' 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Time Warner closed at $ 138.625 a share , up $ 1.875 , while Warner closed at $ 63.875 a share , up 12.5 cents . 
But less than two years later , the LDP started to crumble , and dissent rose to unprecedented heights . 
The number includes such unstylish burgs as , well , Oakland . 
`` Sometimes when people are making big changes , retiring from their jobs , moving to a new area , they lose their bearings , '' says Maury Elvekrog , a licensed psychologist who is now an investment adviser and principal in Seger-Elvekrog Inc. , a Birmingham , Mich. , investment-counseling firm . 
That was borne out by the Justice Department 's decision '' to settle the case . 
Lawyers and their clients who frequently bring business to a country courthouse can expect to appear before the same judge year after year . 
Fortunately , there are signs that increasing numbers of scientists understand the necessity of speaking out . 
Traders say investors are worried that the CDU wo n't be able to hold office in federal elections at the end of 1990 . 
An investigation by U.S. Postal inspectors is continuing . 
Innocent bystanders often are the victims . 
An editorial in the NCI Journal says the report of declining lung-cancer mortality `` among young men and women in the U.S. indicates that we finally may be winning the battle -- this even in a country where the tobacco industry spends over $ 2 billion a year for promotion of the addictive habit of smoking . '' 
Also shown is the closing listed market price or a dealer-to-dealer asked price of each fund 's shares , with the percentage of difference . 
Frank Mingo Dies at 49 
The calls reached many , but certainly not all , of the publicly held companies with operations in the area . 
The daily newsletter , which is n't widely available yet , will have a base cost of $ 2,000 a year and provides full text of relevant articles under license agreements with Reuters , McGraw Hill , United Press International , two press release news wires and Japan 's Kyodo news service . 
Combustion Engineering Inc. said third-quarter net income of $ 22.8 million , reversing a $ 91.7 million year-earlier loss . 
This had been the exclusive province of those rich enough to use six-figure sums to get income that was figured beyond the third or fourth decimal place . 
They closed Friday at $ 53.25 , down 50 cents on the day . 
The end of the marriage was at hand . 
`` Even if they could bring in that many new skiers , I do n't know if { the industry } could handle that kind of an increase , '' says I. William Berry , editor and publisher of the Ski Industry Letter in Katonah , N.Y . 
That leaves the pilots still in need of cash totaling around $ 1 billion -- far more than either they or the flight attendants can lay their hands on from retirement funds alone . 
The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % . 
Stockholders may buy one share at the subscription price for every four shares of stock they own . 
Eventually little French farmers and their little French farmwives came out of their stone houses and put their hands above their tiny eyes and squinted at us . 
World-wide production would be cut in half by 1998 . 
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said . 
Hewlett-Packard claims that the software allows a network to run three times as many tasks as conventional networks and will run each task twice as fast . 
Dealers suggest that the only positive news on the horizon that could detract attention from equities transactions is September 's U.S. consumer price data . 
Although it is not the first company to produce the thinner drives , which store information in personal computers , MiniScribe says it is the first with an 80-megabyte drive ; the company plans to introduce a 120-megabyte drive next year . 
Mr. Meyer 's personal style was illustrated by his pinning a $ 100 bill to a high-school bulletin board on which other coaches tacked their cards . 
Ms. Bartlett blithely suggested calling upon `` semi-skilled garden club workers for maintenance . '' 
A spokesman says the governor believes he can avoid increases by relying on federal aid and shifting funds in state programs . 
`` We believe our suggested plan is more likely to improve the availability of quality legal service to the poor than is the proposed mandatory pro bono plan and will achieve that objective without the divisiveness , distraction , administrative burdens and possible failure that we fear would accompany an attempt to impose a mandatory plan , '' said Justin L. Vigdor of Rochester , who headed the bar 's pro bono study committee . 
Industry consultants say only Schering-Plough , which makes the mass-market Maybelline , has maintained a meaningful business . 
Bullish bond market sentiment is on the rise again . 
The plan calls for Cray Research holders to receive one share in the new company for every two shares held . 
But it 's in very early stages still . '' 
Politically , this currently is wisdom -- particularly given a nervous neighboring France . 
From 1987 to 1988 , the value of Chemical 's option contracts outstanding mushroomed to $ 37 billion from $ 17 billion . 
`` People are fearful and sensitive . 
Growth of 10 % would make sales for the latest quarter $ 269 million , compared with $ 244.6 million a year ago . 
By retreating to the apparent security of , say , money-market funds , investors may not be earning enough investment return to pay for a comfortable retirement . 
When used as background in this way , the music has an appropriate eeriness , as when a two-note phrase , a descending minor third , accompanies the seemingly endless litany of reports , interviews and confessions of witnesses in the Morris film . 
And most of the truly big scams in Orange County seem to originate in Newport Beach or one of the other well-heeled communities that surround this sliver-like city that hooks around a point of land on the California coast south of Los Angeles . 
This year he produced a men 's line and offers dyed furs in red , cherry red , violet , royal blue and forest green . 
Solving the global environmental problems we all face will require an unprecedented level of cooperation and communication among industry , policy makers and the scientific community world-wide . 
A sudden surge or drop in electric power could ruin integrated circuits being built . 
Yesterday , when similar securities rebounded , it bumped the valuation up again . 
Two left-wing politicians , Socialist Leonel Brizola , a former governor of Rio de Janeiro state , and Marxist-leaning Luis Inacio da Silva , currently are running neck and neck at about 15 % , and three other candidates are given a chance of reaching the Dec. 17 runoff election between the two biggest vote-getters : Social Democrat Mario Covas and two conservatives , Paulo Salim Maluf , a former governor of the state of Sao Paulo , and Guilherme Afif Domingos . 
Moreover , `` there 's no question ad rates will come down considerably '' from the GM-Toyota price , says Arnold Chase of Bozell Inc . 
In particular , they criticize the timing , coming as it does on the heels of Sony Corp. 's controversial purchase of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc . 
NRM said its $ 2.60 senior cumulative convertible preferred units will be converted into an equal number of shares of $ 2.60 senior cumulative convertible preferred stock of Edisto . 
Most junk bonds , which have been battered in recent weeks , continued a slow recuperation and ended unchanged to slightly higher . 
Another finding from the study : Prosecutors set significantly different priorities . 
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one . 
As Mr. Bronner himself says , the smell of `` raw meat '' was in the air . 
Terms were n't disclosed for the plant , which will have annual capacity of 600,000 tons . 
A Boeing spokesman responded : `` All along the company has said there was no grounds for criminal prosecution . 
WCRS has been in discussions with Eurocom for several months . 
`` I said , ` NOW ? ' 
But that 's for the best horses , with most selling for much less -- as little as $ 100 for some pedestrian thoroughbreds . 
Several organizations , including the Industrial Biotechnical Association and the Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association , have asked the White House and Justice Department to name candidates with both patent and scientific backgrounds . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise . 
The decision to raise the ceiling on FHA home loans still faces strong opposition in the House . 
A spokesman for National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , said the network was `` looking into what happened . '' 
To justify their exempt status and avoid penalties , these businesses must show once a year that each and every transaction on which they did n't pay sales tax was a legitimate business expense . 
`` I 'm now monitoring every major account . '' 
That figure has been inching up for several years . 
Without the gain , operating profit was $ 64 million , or 71 cents a share . 
The company said it would resort far less often to slashing prices to woo shoppers . 
The increase for national edition advertising is less than the inflation rate and compares with a 6.5 % increase in 1989 . 
In his affidavit filed yesterday , Warner 's Mr. Ross indicated he is n't buying any such argument : `` If Sony succeeds here , no written contract in Hollywood will be worth the paper it 's written on . 
The holding of 13.6 million shares is up from a 6.7 % stake that Burmah announced SHV held as of last Monday . 
He said construction would n't resume until market conditions warrant it . 
In July , consumer installment credit outstanding fell for the first time since January 1987 . 
The move is the biggest salvo yet in the renewed outcry against program trading , with Kemper putting its money -- the millions of dollars in commissions it generates each year -- where its mouth is . 
Seventy years old and a self-declared `` scientific socialist , '' President Barre has a power base , composed only of his minority Mareham clan , that according to observers is `` narrowing . '' 
The European Community Commission has imposed provisional anti-dumping duties on imports of South Korean small-screen color-television sets . 
Mr. Allen , however , does n't think that Japan is about to embark on a major buying binge . 
Then , there 's the S-Cargo , an offbeat delivery van with a snail-like body that inspired its name . 
Tandy has added several new products to that line , including a laptop computer priced around $ 1,000 , and is focusing its advertising on the easy-to-use software that is packaged with its machines . 
A committee of outside directors for the Garden City , N.Y. , unit is evaluating the proposal ; the parent asked it to respond by Oct. 31 . 
When market tremors start , it is crucial that as much information about transaction prices and the supply-demand curve ( buy and sell orders at various prices ) be made available to all , not just to market makers . 
Instead , Congress 's idea of reform is to increase this slush fund by $ 28.4 million . 
Asilone , an antacid , was sold to Boots PLC , London . 
He attributed the unusually high volume to broad-based selling on fears that the Thatcher government may be in turmoil and Britain 's Labor Party positioned to regain control of the government and renew efforts at nationalization . 
That would give agencies `` less ability ... to fudge over things , '' he told reporters . 
However , Mr. Moran added that the Japanese generally have a positive view of the U.S. bond market because of expectations that the dollar will remain strong and interest rates will decline . 
Unease is widespread among exchange members . 
`` Nobody knows how deep the cycle is going to be , '' said Rod Young , vice president of Resource Information Systems Inc. , a Bedford , Mass. , economic-forecasting firm . 
It 's the most controversial form of program trading because it can create abrupt price swings in the stock market . 
Markets -- 
The municipal bond market is bracing for tough times through the end of the year as it struggles to absorb an oversupply of bonds and two of its best customers turn into sellers . 
John Labatt Ltd. said it plans a private placement of 150 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 127.5 million ) in preferred shares , to be completed around Nov. 1 . 
That is a skill Sony badly needs -- and Warner is loath to lose . 
The company 's president quit suddenly . 
Analysts were only slightly disappointed by Citicorp 's numbers . 
The chairs are S-Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer . 
The cafeteria remains closed . 
VISUALIZING BLOOD vessels without poking catheters into the body may come out of research at AT&T Bell Laboratories . 
It meant to convey our hope that the Senator and other members of the congressional left are broadening their dislike of Noriega to include other notorious Central American drug runners . 
Through the first six months of 1989 , sales had grown about 12 % from the year-earlier period . 
As previously reported , those sales have been declining this year in the wake of allegations that the company engaged in unfair sales practices that encouraged customers to overpurchase services . 
Traders are likely to oppose such restrictions because dual trading provides a way to make money in slower markets where there is a shortage of customer orders . 
Consider the facts underlying the 1989 conviction of Robert Chestman . 
And , with many of his 70,000 workers , Mr. Smith 's damn-the-torpedoes attitude has caught on . 
The new letter purports to do this , saying that in addition to $ 7 a share in cash , StatesWest would offer one share of new 6 % convertible preferred stock of StatesWest it values at $ 3 a share . 
Arkansas Democrat David Pryor spilled his guts on the Senate floor the other day after he 'd joined the Finance Committee 's early-morning pork-barrel revels : `` I must tell you ... 
`` We expect a big market in the future , so in the long term it will be profitable . 
Wright 's organic architecture demonstrated a keen sensitivity to the environment decades before it became fashionable among `` la-la activists . '' 
Hold on to those funny braids ! you wanted to caution her as the sets started to roll around once more . 
Mr. Johnson , of the Berkeley seismographic station , said : `` Landfill can be done if it 's properly compacted . 
I 'm thinking about using the $ 871 annual premium to finance a trip to Paris first . 
A maxim of Frankfurt banking holds that wherever Deutsche Bank goes , other West German banks follow . 
The contract fell five points at the open to 323.85 , the maximum opening move allowed under safeguards adopted by the Merc to stem a market slide . 
And there will be a nurse 's station and rooms for children to meet with social workers . 
For example , Tenneco Inc. pays a quarterly dividend of 76 cents , which would be received before the February option expires and , thus , reduce the cost of using the technique by that amount . 
Staffers at Thompson , whose offices are in the ultramodern Embarcadero Center , watched pictures drop from the walls and then felt the skyscraper sway seven to eight feet , according to a spokeswoman . 
`` We can support the American flag without changing the American Constitution , '' said Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine . 
Odd Cars , Funny Names 
And ship lines carrying containers are also trying to raise their rates . 
Despite the Composite 's advance , some trading officials are guardedly optimistic that the market is on the road to recovery . 
`` I 'm not obligated to sit down and talk to anybody , '' the Jaguar chairman asserted yesterday . 
Investors dumped stocks of big companies whose earnings fluctuate with the economy . 
9.78 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Aug. 6 , 1987 : 
Mr. Mitchell 's first victory came last week , when the Senate passed a deficit-reduction bill that did n't contain a capital-gains provision . 
All of this is bad news for the big brokerage firms such as Shearson and Merrill Lynch & Co. that have big `` retail , '' or individual-investor , businesses . 
In August , Mr. Lewis pleaded guilty to three felony counts . 
Several of the New York Stock Exchange 's own listed companies , led by giant Contel Corp. , are joining for the first time to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it . 
Continental Bank Corp. 's third-quarter net income slipped 11 % despite a big gain from the sale of the company 's London headquarters building . 
Pacific Telesis says its Pacific Bell unit also was blocking about 50 % of its calls locally . 
Traders will also watch for whether the Soviet Union continues its traditional fall buying of U.S. grain . 
The collapse of a $ 6.79 billion labor-management buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. may not stop some of Wall Street 's top talent from collecting up to $ 53.7 million in fees . 
Our concern for the ozone layer , of course , grows out of the potential for increasing UV-B radiation , which could damage flora and fauna . 
White Females 
Advancing and declining issues finished about even . 
President Bush would do himself and the country a favor by rescinding the order as an ambiguous intrusion on his ability to defend America 's national security . 
`` It 's too soon to tell ... but people do n't seem to be unhappy with it , '' he said . 
He gave those bureaucrats charge of all naval operations in the Persian Gulf and Indian Ocean . 
In announcing the plant delay , Kellogg Chairman William E. LaMothe said , `` Cereal volume growth in the U.S. has not met our expectations for 1989 . '' 
In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange , BellSouth shares fell 87.5 cents to $ 52.125 . 
The changes have n't come easy . 
Laundered drug money has served only to increase , unrealistically , the price of real estate , creating serious problems for low-income people who aspire to own their own homes . 
Fending off attacks on his economic policies in a House of Commons debate yesterday , Mr. Lawson said inflation `` remains the greatest threat to our economic well-being '' and promised to take `` whatever steps are needed '' to choke it off . 
The proposed holding company 's primary purpose would be to allow Great American to continue engaging in real estate development activities , it said . 
Using testers could be controversial with financial institutions , but Mr. Grohl said the U.S. League of Savings Institutions had n't yet taken any position on the matter . 
`` Newport Beach is known in Rhode Island for having a lot of rich people . '' 
Chemical and six other banks , along with First Boston , are providing the rest of the $ 1.6 billion . 
Volume is down out of San Francisco , but not out of the 11 outlying offices , '' Mr. Daggs added . 
They have even sent helicopters in pursuit of bikers after hikers and equestrians complained they were being driven from trails . 
`` This is a dynamic process and we 're experiencing the first step , '' the Bonn official adds . 
Base Data 
The company also hopes the latest acquisition will help secure large construction orders from Japanese concerns with U.S. operations . 
The BBDO Worldwide ad agency studied `` brand parity '' and found that consumers believe all brands are about the same in a number of categories , particularly credit cards , paper towels , dry soups and snack chips . 
Baxter International Inc. yesterday reported net climbed 20 % in the third period to $ 102 million , or 34 cents a share , from $ 85 million , or 28 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Parker officials said the company is selling the units to focus on its other businesses . 
Thursday 's edition misstated the narrowing . 
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts . 
`` Sometimes a shakeout is healthy , '' said Drexel 's Mr. Feinman . 
And , for Ms. Baker , the ride was far from over . 
Even such a pro-life stalwart as Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R. , Utah ) had counseled some kind of compromise . 
Martin Fabi , Innopac 's president and chief executive , said Innopac viewed Mr. Pattison 's decision to seek control as a `` very positive '' move . 
Mr. Sherman is former deputy general counsel for SmithKline Beckman Corp. , in Philadelphia , now SmithKline Beecham PLC , in London . 
Although bond prices were n't as volatile on Tuesday trading as stock prices , traders nevertheless said action also was much slower yesterday in the Treasury market . 
At Fireman 's Fund Corp. , a spokesman said 142 claims were received in the first 24 hours after the quake , and the company is braced for as many as 5,000 claims from its 35,000 residential and 35,000 business policyholders in the affected area . 
Cincinnati-based P&G took an interest ; it ordered two studies on psyllium and cholesterol . 
The percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year , while the coupon equivalent yield is based on a 365-day year . 
It came in London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's `` Little Bang '' the same year . 
Analysis of ice from the Dunde ice cap , a glacial plateau in Tibet 17,000 feet above sea level , show that average temperatures were higher in 1937-87 than in any other 50-year period since before the last Ice Age , Mr. Thompson said . 
Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , acknowledges that he was n't troubled by program trading when it began in the pre-crash bull market because it added liquidity and people were pleased to see stock prices rising . 
It earned $ 3.46 billion on revenue of $ 91.21 billion in the 1988 nine months . 
Yesterday , the city demolished two dwellings in the district because of severe structural damage and said as many as 19 of the district 's 350 dwellings might have to be razed . 
The judge also ruled that the painting was n't abandoned because officials did n't intend for it to be thrown away and were unaware that the workmen had discarded it . 
No age group is more sensitive than younger voters , like Ms. Ehman . 
The standoff over abortion is certain to contribute to further delays and , apart from the health and education measure vetoed by Mr. Bush , bills funding the District of Columbia and the entire U.S. foreign-aid budget are in jeopardy because of related abortion or family-planning issues . 
Ford Asia-Pacific will coordinate the activities of Ford subsidiaries in Japan , Australia , Taiwan and New Zealand and work with Ford business associates throughout the region . 
Besides Ms. and Sassy , closely held Lang Communications includes Success , a magazine for entrepreneurs and small businesses , and Working Woman and Working Mother , two monthly magazines . 
The company said it had been notified unofficially that Waertsilae Marine Industries , a Finnish shipyard building three cruise ships for the company , is having financial trouble and may already have filed for bankruptcy . 
-- Grace periods ranging from two to five years before the full scope of the penalties takes effect . 
Southwood J. Morcott , Dana 's president , said the company 's decision to approve its normal fourth-quarter dividend indicated its underlying strength . 
On Oct. 5 , the Bundesbank raised the Lombard and discount rates by one percentage point to 8 % and 6 % , respectively , the highest levels in seven years . 
The peninsula comes off the vast southeastern alluvial plain with fields of rice and cotton and sorghum as far as the eye can see . 
`` Index arbitrage does n't work , and it scares natural buyers '' of stock . 
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month-old strike by workers at the facility . 
Until then , the billions HUD spends on inner-city housing simply is wasted . 
On the corporate front , Ford Motor announced that it raised its stake in U.K. luxury car maker Jaguar to 10.4 % from 5 % . 
It is entrenched in the country 's colonial bonds to the U.S. , in Philippine class structure , in the regional loyalties of its people and in its island geography . 
Dealers said the market was nervous ahead of a special B.A.T holders ' meeting today . 
This involves trade-offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' '' 
But the staffs at some of those locations will be slashed while at others the work force will be increased . 
Talking to a small group of U.S. executives afterwards , Mr. Gorbachev appeared impatient for a big expansion in U.S.-Soviet trade , which now amounts to a meager $ 3 billion annually . 
The remaining properties to be acquired are the Tropicana Country Club & Golf Course , a facility jointly owned by Ramada Inc. , of Phoenix , Ariz. , and the Jaffe family , and a small parcel owned by MGM Grand director James D. Aljian . 
Jaguar seems to be losing interest in giving GM a minority stake , said one individual close to the talks , adding , `` It would n't surprise me if { Jaguar executives } want to wait and see what the color of that { Ford bid } is '' first . 
The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson . 
Who 'd have thought that the next group of tough guys carrying around reputations like that would be school superintendents ? 
Times may be tough on Wall Street for some , but a few bosses are making as much as ever -- or more . 
`` Real heroes exist . 
In early trading , investors were bidding bond prices higher as stocks tumbled and fears mounted that Friday 's stock market debacle would be repeated . 
For the full fiscal year ending next March , Oji predicted that total sales of 477.00 billion yen , up from 420.68 billion yen in the previous fiscal year . 
Following that announcement Tuesday , however , company officials were unavailable to elaborate . 
But transportation officials worry that such extraordinary measures and cooperation may not last . 
If Colgate toothpaste offers a tempting money-saving coupon , she 'll cross Crest off her shopping list without a second thought . 
Some business leaders and others also believe that Mr. Dinkins would place significant responsibility in the hands of a deputy mayor with a strong administrative background . 
But the nature of the problem is such that many others feel it has to be addressed soon , before all the evidence is in . 
The bizarre arrangement grows out of Mr. Alexander 's representation of Derr Construction Co. , one of several defendants in a wrongful death lawsuit brought by Ms. Parks , the widow of a construction worker killed in January 1987 while working on a new Houston convention center . 
Whatever the cause for the downturn , few people are predicting any sudden improvement . 
Although ARCO 's head office , more than 300 miles from the epicenter , was n't affected by this week 's tremors , Ms. Masaki-Schatz used the occasion to distribute a three-page memo of `` Earthquake Tips '' to 1,200 ARCO employees . 
But we still hear him moaning at night because the Navy has a few ships left , and to satisfy him the Navy 's sea lift forces were given to a new Air Force bureaucracy in Illinois , its space operations to another command in Colorado , the frogmen to a new Army bureaucracy in Fort Bragg , and the Navy 's Indian Ocean and Persian Gulf forces to an Army bureaucracy in Florida . 
The classroom itself operated on the periphery of this awful system , discipline collapsed , and kids stopped learning . 
She contends that similar mandates have driven up insurance costs 20 % in Maryland and 30 % in California . 
The 1986 Tax Reform Act has nearly eliminated the number of large , profitable corporations that do n't pay federal income tax , according to Citizens for Tax Justice , a nonprofit , labor-funded research and lobbying group . 
The two producers own a combined 28 % stake in Guber-Peters . 
Now , the nationwide average yield on a six-month CD is just under 8 % , and 8.5 % is about the best around . 
As part of the same bill , the finance panel also voted in favor of billions of dollars in narrow tax breaks for individuals and corporations , in what committee member Sen. David Pryor ( D. , Ark . ) calls a `` feeding frenzy '' of special-interest legislating . 
And , with those contacts in place , it could be relatively simple to add Aer Lingus and GPA to the team . 
Marshall McLuhan , you should have been there at that hour . 
The line seems awfully thin for criminal-law purposes . 
The merger is scheduled to take place in the 1990 first quarter . 
For most of the past 30 years , the marriage was one of convenience . 
The company later apologized and agreed to make $ 8 million in contributions to charities chosen by him . 
That hurts investors ' confidence in the economy and stocks . 
Dow Jones industrials 2645.08 , up 41.60 ; transportation 1205.01 , up 13.15 ; utilities 219.19 , up 2.45 . 
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections . 
But many proponents of Filipino see resistance to the language finally crumbling . 
The latest report compares with a modest 9.9 % increase in July machinery orders from a year earlier . 
The sporty coupe foundered in part because American buyers did n't go for the car 's unusual double-wing rear spoiler . 
Sluggish demand was also evidenced by the weak 2.41-to-1 bid-to-cover ratio , which was lower than the average 2.79-to-1 ratio at the last 12 similar auctions . 
`` And we were able to attract some new advertisers because this is something new . '' 
A couple in fashionable spandex warm-up suits jogs by , headphones jauntily in place , weaving their way along a street of fractured and fallen houses . 
Raymond Corp. lost 1 to 10 after it said late Thursday that it will take a $ 4.4 million charge in its third quarter for reserves to cover potential charges in connection with the closing and sale of a manufacturing plant . 
After the earthquake two weeks ago , brokers say companies scrambled to replace reinsurance coverages again and Lloyd 's syndicates turned to the London market excess lines for protection of their own . 
ONCE YOU MAKE UP your mind about an investment , the rest is easy , right ? 
Never in my life have I been so frightened . 
`` In this market of 40 channels , sophisticated viewers and the remote control , trial is n't a guarantee of anything , '' ESPN 's Mr. Werner says . 
However , the maximum coupon at which the notes can be reset is 16 1\/4 % . 
True , when you went to college , there was n't that much to learn . 
His meals are most often prepared by women he trusts -- his full-time mistress , Vicky Amado , and her mother , Norma . 
Many analysts are expecting the Fed to lower interest rates at least once more before the end of the year . 
He said only that the committee has not yet taken any position on Eastern 's reorganization plan and that the two sides were still negotiating . 
From a reading of the somewhat scant English-language medical literature on RU-486 , the French abortion pill emerges as one of the creepiest concoctions around . 
However , this in no way justifies the huge government subsidies and losses on such loans . 
But the recent volatility in stock prices caused by the program trading has made some market makers less willing to soak up the stocks that are for sale . 
Mr. Nadeau said he intends to remain Provigo 's chief executive only until the non-food businesses are sold , after a which a new chief executive will be named . 
With jury verdicts getting bigger all the time , companies are increasingly willing to pay huge sums for such advice . 
From about 200,000 six years ago , the number of mountain bikes in the U.S. is expected to grow to 10 million in 1990 . 
`` Look how much air is moving around ! '' he says . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
The roller-coaster stock market is making life tougher for small companies trying to raise money . 
So far , the mega-issues are a hit with investors . 
Big Board traders praised the Jacobson specialists for getting through yesterday without a trading halt . 
Mr. Roman will oversee American Express 's public relations and government affairs , among other things , but he wo n't be involved in its advertising , which is handled by the operating units . 
Decliners on the Big Board outnumbered advancers , 931 to 658 . 
And although criticism of futures generally comes from Wall Street , one Chicago futures trader notes that brokerage firms rely on futures as hedging tools when they buy and sell big blocks of stocks from institutions . 
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges . 
District Court Judge Pierre Leval denied the injunction on the ground that New Era had failed to make its claim within a reasonable time -- the doctrine lawyers call `` laches . '' 
Japanese culture vs. American culture is irrelevant . 
There was just one sticking point : The two had a prior commitment . 
Measures already in effect that are expected to be made law include a ban on military sales and exchanges , a suspension of most high-level government contacts and a halt to U.S. trade enhancement programs , such as the Overseas Private Investment Corp. and the Trade Development Program . 
Vincent Tolentino , a correspondent for the French magazine Telerama , says of the recently ended Tokyo festival : `` No one makes deals ... and most of the films have been seen before at other festivals . '' 
Long dollar bonds were flat to up 3\/8 point . 
The $ 40-a-share proposal values the company at about $ 106.6 million . 
A spokesman said the properties survived without significant damage in last week 's Northern California earthquake . 
`` We are n't seeing any cold weather here , '' Mr. Bolling said from New York . 
Lawrence Group also owns Lawrence Agency Corp. , Schenectady , N.Y. , an insurance agency and brokerage . 
Vitro said the definitive agreements require that Anchor obtain a waiver from its bank lenders of existing covenant defaults under its bank facilities . 
Stock-market fears and relatively more attractive interest rates pushed money-market mutual fund assets up $ 6.07 billion in the latest week , the sharpest increase in almost two years . 
Whitbread also owns the license to brew and distribute Heineken and Stella Artois beers in Britain . 
Prices also fell for ethylene oxide and glycols , products used in making antifreeze . 
American Airlines will expand its trans-Atlantic service 30 % beginning next year with six new daily flights between the U.S. and Europe , officials announced yesterday . 
He said the company is experimenting with the technique on alfalfa , and plans to include cotton and corn , among other crops . 
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany . 
Mr. Noriega made plans to fly to Washington for a meeting with his counterpart at the Pentagon . 
In a labor-intensive process , the seed companies cut off the tassels of each plant , making it male sterile . 
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president . 
Speculation about a takeover fight has sent Jaguar shares soaring in the past six weeks . 
They are : James R. Eiszner , 62 years old and chairman and chief executive officer of CPC International Inc. ; Robert G. Schwartz , 61 , chairman , president and chief executive officer of Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. , and Walter V. Shipley , 53 , chairman and chief executive officer of Chemical Banking Corp . 
But it 's hard to squeeze much profit out of the personal-computer business these days , and the workstation market , while important , is too small to rely on for much growth . 
Already Chrysler has closed the Kenosha , Wis. , plant it acquired when it bought American Motors Corp. in 1987 . 
Like many sports buffs , Mr. Engelken has turned cynic . 
British Airways fell 1 to 31 7\/8 . 
Net product sales accounted for $ 76 million , up from $ 57.5 million a year earlier . 
Mr. Smith and a spokesman for the America 's Cup Organizing Committee insist that the added competition for the defender 's spot will only improve the race . 
Radio stations provided an emergency number for people who smelled gas but did n't know how to turn off their gas supply . 
For people who can ride out market waves through good times and bad , stocks have been rewarding long-term investments . 
Dream on . 
`` I just ca n't believe that the innovations in the financial market are causing any of this volatility , '' he says . 
The company said results for its second quarter ended Oct. 28 could drop as much as 20 % below the 30 cents a share reported in the year-earlier quarter . 
In March , the group disclosed it held a 7.2 % stake in Anacomp for investment purposes . 
Panda Motors is one such investment . 
For eight hours a day for the past two weeks , in aggregates of as much as 27,000 pounds ( equaling $ 20,000 in pennies ) , Coin Wrap has been pouring money into a cement-mixing truck . 
That deadline has been extended once and could be extended again . 
Up to 500,000 Somalis have escaped to the relative safety of Marxist Ethiopia because of the behavior of President Barre 's troops . 
`` There will be a continuation and possibly greater focus on conservative equity funds , at the expense of growth and aggressive growth funds , '' says Avi Nachmany , an analyst at Strategic Insight , a New York fund-research concern . 
The company also disclosed its financial operations had increased reserves for bankrupt accounts , resulting in a $ 40 million pretax charge for the third quarter . 
`` I am a devout Catholic , '' says Mr. Pignatelli , a 40-year-old health officer . 
I 've learned the hard way that too much booze Takes revenge the next day about nine ; No wonder I say , `` I drink to your health '' -- It certainly is n't to mine ! 
That means that a corporation , after a specified amount of time has passed , can buy back its bonds by paying investors the face value ( plus , in some cases , a sweetener ) . 
Open it and two soulful eyes on a boy 's brown face peer out from the page , pleadingly . 
France 's unemployment rate was steady at a seasonally adjusted 9.5 % in September , the Social Affairs Ministry said . 
Yet CBS will air only 12 regular-season games , 26 fewer than ABC and NBC . 
Most revisions it will propose will be geared toward slowing down program trading during stressful periods , said officials working with the exchange . 
But the transaction faltered in September , when Qintex Australia was forced to increase its offer to US$ 1.5 billion following a counterbid from Rupert Murdoch ; the deal fell apart altogether earlier this month . 
`` Texans can sniff a phony a mile away , '' the narrator warns outsiders . 
Mr. Jesperson 's US$ 3.25 estimate is somewhat below the $ 3.39 floor price that Calgary-based consulting firm Paul Ziff & Co. recently said would be needed for Mackenzie delta gas producers to see a return on their investment . 
He said the evidence pointed to wrongdoing by Mr. Keating `` and others , '' although he did n't allege any specific violation . 
He gave up seven hits , walked five and did n't get a decision . 
The changes in the office layout illustrate Mr. Breeden 's stance as the nation 's top securities regulator . 
We have very exciting prospects for far more impressive advances in the treatment of colon cancer during the years immediately ahead . 
The agency has since acted to remove Alar from the nation 's grocery shelves by May 31 , 1991 , and the apple industry has said that growers already have stopped using the chemical . 
He made his comments before House Banking Committee hearings to investigate what appears to be the biggest thrift disaster in a scandal-ridden industry . 
He still has 1,143 shares , according to SEC files . 
Company officials also said that any gain from the sale of Westinghouse 's 55 % stake in its transmission and distribution venture with the Swiss firm of Asea Brown Boveri will be offset by a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter . 
`` We consider our internal controls to have worked well , '' she said , adding that some procedures have been strengthened . 
But in Epinal , a gray 16th-century river town adjacent to France 's Vosges mountain region , none of these Yankee-come-lately enthusiasms for things aloft was evident . 
THE SALES PITCH could n't sound better . 
The Big Board says program trading describes a variety of strategies involving the purchase or sale of a basket of 15 or more stocks . 
Olivetti also plans to sell the CP486 computer in the U.S. starting next year through Olivetti USA and through its ISC\/Bunker Ramo unit , which specializes in automating bank-branch networks . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. -- $ 125 million of 6 3\/8 % convertible subordinated debentures due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 84.90 to yield 7.51 % . 
Reducing those rates moderately ( say , to 75 % ) would still provide substantial assistance to borrowers . 
Computer Sciences Corp. said it received a U.S. Postal Service contract that will have a value of at least $ 33 million . 
And when Mr. Engelken 's sister , Martha , who was born two days before the home run , reached her 25th birthday , Mr. Engelken wrote his sports hero to tell him of the coincidence of events . 
Lewis G. Rudnick , a Chicago lawyer who represents franchisers , contends California is narrowly limiting -- rather than expanding -- opportunities for negotiating sales . 
She was the only staff physician available to treat AIDS patients last summer and now she has the help of only two doctors part time . 
The closing , affecting 266 employees , will continue at least until roads are cleared . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Pittston closed at $ 18.50 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
`` The party is fed up with sackings of good people . '' 
Now it matters . 
Fawn Hall , Oliver North 's former secretary , has yet to launch a hoped-for television news career , according to her lawyer . 
Odds and Ends 
He is under intense fire from other Palestinian groups ; Syria is pushing Ahmad Jibril , whose terrorist band is blamed for the Pan Am 103 bombing , as an alternative to Arafat . 
`` Clients want to see more of our senior people involved in the business -- not once a month , but two or three times a week , '' he said . 
The Palace , with its marble fountains and toga parties for high rollers , is already well-known for its Caesarean theme . 
Mr. Maynard says the ruling pushed his company into bankruptcy court . 
The number had a troubling effect on Wall Street , suggesting that more fundamental economic problems may underlie last Friday 's stock market slide . 
The action abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts to fund the payments , but is widely seen as a more realistic means of expediting reparations first authorized in 1988 . 
L.J. Hooker is owned by Hooker Corp. , Sydney , Australia , which itself is currently being managed by a court-appointed provisional liquidator . 
Complete details were n't immediately available . 
Republicans especially want a guarantee from the House leadership that they 'll get an up-or-down vote on the bills . 
Whitbread bought the Beefeater distillery two years ago for # 174.5 million . 
Nine-month sales were $ 2.79 billion , up 8.2 % from $ 2.58 billion a year earlier . 
The closely watched funds rate is what banks charge each other on overnight loans . 
Limiting care wo n't be easy or popular . 
So much of the stuff poured into its Austin , Texas , offices that its mail rooms there simply stopped delivering it . 
At discount brokerage Charles Schwab & Co. , such `` cash-equivalent '' investments recently accounted for a record $ 8 billion of the firm 's $ 25 billion of client 's assets . 
DLJ argues that TW could , if necessary , cut capital spending , since half of what it plans to spend is for `` growth , '' rather than maintenance . 
`` We caught him with his hands on our cookie jar , '' says former CIA Director Stansfield Turner . 
It is likely to get as much as $ 800 million initially in additional funds , and eventually could get more than $ 1 billion , according to Mr. Fazio , a member of the House Appropriations Committee . 
The newly chartered bank will assume about $ 125.7 million in 10,300 deposit accounts and pay the FDIC a purchase premium of $ 2.9 million . 
`` What he really wanted to know was about a particular company , but you did n't know that . 
Where do Americans put their money ? 
( Accessories , largely for mountain-bike users , account for much of the rest of sales . ) 
It was promoted on cable services , including MTV , Nick at Night and VH-1 , and premiered as the No. 22-rated show for the week . 
After all , in all five recessions since 1960 , stocks declined . 
Mr. Pilson calls that loss estimate `` wildly inaccurate , '' conceding only that CBS will lose money on baseball in the first year . 
Maybe the whole regional system is an anachronism ; the Fed , after all , is a national central bank . 
`` We still have our die-hard baseball fans , '' a spokesman said . 
`` The market acted better , but it was n't a tremendous comeback , '' Mr. Zipper observed . 
The jump in imports stemmed from across-the-board increases in purchases of foreign goods . 
Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman . 
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino-U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 . 
El Paso , Austin and Fort Worth , the three strongest retail markets in the nation , are all located in Texas , where employment grew a relatively strong 2 % . 
Its partners are United 's pilots , who were to own 75 % , and UAL management at 10 % . 
Eastern said it is ahead of schedule in resuming its operations after filing earlier this year for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , from which it expects to emerge early next year . 
Mr. Chan achieved a breakthrough in 1987 -- and became a minor celebrity again -- when his story was published in a weekly newspaper . 
Mr. Kageyama suggests that Kotobuki Electronics Industries workers were having difficulty understanding their foreign bosses ' perspective . 
But internal church documents clearly show that at its publicity-seeking heights , as when it organized a spectacular Yankee Stadium bicentennial rally in 1976 , there actually were only about 2,000 full-time Unification Church members in the U.S. 
Czechoslovakia 's premier said he supports broad political and economic restructuring , but ruled out any dialogue between Prague 's Communist government and independent human-rights or dissident groups . 
The Bank of England indicated its desire to leave its monetary policy unchanged Friday by declining to raise the official 15 % discount-borrowing rate that it charges discount houses , analysts say . 
`` Profits at Christmas could be under attack for every retailer , '' asserts Norman Abramson , president and chief operating officer of Clothestime Inc. , an off-price chain . 
As a result , prices paid to farmers for the commodities , which are used in products as diverse as bubble gum and chicken feed , plummet 20 % to 33 % . 
Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players . 
The California thrift has just announced a $ 226 million third-quarter loss . 
Even abortion opponents , however angry with Mr. Florio , ca n't hide their frustration with the Republican 's ambivalence . 
Comsat Video is headed by Robert Wussler , who resigned his No. 2 executive post with Turner Broadcasting System Inc. just two weeks ago to take the Comsat position . 
Eurodollar bonds are often issued by foreign corporations , but interest and principal are paid in dollars . 
After four year of tinkering and $ 2.4 million in seed money , the board set up the new marketplace , titled it the Chicago Board Options Exchange , and named Sullivan its first president . 
There is also a busy schedule of speaking engagements at $ 10,000 a pop , at tony places including the Yale Political Union . 
The U.S. trade deficit swelled to $ 10.77 billion in August , prompting worries that the nation 's export drive had stalled . 
Bill Wames Sr. , 72 , is Catholic too , but unfazed by Mr. Florio 's stand on abortion . 
The bottom line , however , is not economic but political reform . 
Except for the gas tank at Hustead 's Towing Service exploding and burning in downtown Berkeley , things here are quite peaceful . 
They are enjoying domestic sales that are more than making up for lost overseas sales . 
But Mr. Skinner disagreed , calling the legislation `` a retreat from the policy of deregulaton of the airline industry . '' 
Both Shearson 's Mr . Will and Stephen Reitman , European auto analyst at the London brokerage firm UBS-Phillips & Drew , recently switched their Jaguar recommendations to hold from buy . 
That tends to tilt the public debate toward `` solutions '' even when some of the most knowledgeable scientists are skeptical about the seriousness of the threats and the insistence of urgency . 
Mr. Noriega believes he has n't any alternative but to continue clutching to power . 
Sutro 's Oakland office executed orders through the Sacramento office , which was n't affected by the quake . 
Trelleborg plans to remain the dominant shareholder with stakes of slightly less than 50 % of both units . 
You virtually ignore the tax-reducing power of indexation , which in many cases is more substantial than a lower rate . 
Comments by John Major , who has succeeded Mr. Lawson , also failed to damp market concern , despite his pledge to maintain relatively high British interest rates . 
Malcolm , a former film-maker turned architect , has just seen his first big chance at a lucrative commission turn to dust with the arrest of his shady , obnoxious client , a fly-by-night real estate developer . 
So he asked the IRS if the plan would work . 
In their anxiety , however , parents and other student benefactors are flocking to new schemes . 
But five weeks after the premiere , the series has floundered . 
Stocks retreated to session lows just after the opening amid worries about the market impact of the quake , but quickly snapped back to higher levels with the help of futures-related program buying . 
Connaught is a biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concern . 
Mr. Stevens 's remarks , confirming a report in The Wall Street Journal that British Air wants to start from scratch in any new bid for the nation 's second-largest airline , helped push UAL stock lower for the fourth straight day . 
Each 5,000 Swiss franc bond convertible from Jan. 3 , 1989 , to Oct. 31 , 1997 . 
In 1985 , China had a record deficit of $ 11.4 billion . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Shearson shares lost 37.5 cents to $ 18.125 . 
So far , Mr. Greenspan 's cautious approach to policy has served both him and the nation well . 
Gary J. Schantz , 44 years old , was named president and chief operating officer . 
`` Developments like this are hard to predict . 
The retail participation dropped to an average 18.2 % in 1988 , and shriveled to barely 14 % some months during the year . 
The inflation adjustment also means that the maximum annual level of earnings subject to the wage tax that generates revenue for the Social Security trust fund will rise to $ 50,400 in 1990 from $ 48,000 this year . 
Donaldson Lufkin would n't comment . 
Mr. Boyd is of the directorial school that believes one must find modern parallels or metaphors to make Shakespeare accessible to today 's audiences . 
One answer is that big companies are growing weary of fighting environmental movements and are trying instead to cash in on them , although they never care to put it quite that way . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 13\/16 % to 8 11\/16 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
`` Unfortunately , '' Mr. Eskenazi wrote in a letter , `` those of us in law enforcement in Miami find ourselves frequently attempting to enforce the laws of the United States but simultaneously being caught between foreign policy considerations over which we have no control . '' 
Last year the public was afforded a preview of Ms. Bartlett 's creation in a tablemodel version , at a BPC exhibition . 
Operating profit for world-wide tobacco products rose 10 % to $ 247.6 million . 
The first part , consisting of $ 2.5 million of 11 1\/4 % secured equipment certificates due June 15 , 1990 , was priced at 98.481 with a yield to maturity of 13.75 % . 
Nissan 's decades-old corporate song filled with references to Mount Fuji has been scrapped in favor of a snappy tune sung by a popular Japanese vocalist . 
Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 . 
Non-lawyers will be added to the inquiry panels that look into allegations of misconduct . 
Irving maintained -- and still does -- that its actions were proper under its account agreements with customers . 
Qintex Entertainment is 43 % owned by Qintex Australia and said it relies on the Australian company for funding its working capital requirements . 
And they say there are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts . 
If a client needs prejudiced jurors , the firm will help find them . 
No one has big positions and no one wants to take big risks . '' 
But it was the Quotron problems that had lingering effects . 
The Berkeley police do n't have any leads but doubt the crime was driven by a passion for sweets . 
Terms on both deals were n't disclosed . 
And Japan Air Lines said it plans to boost its rates a further 25 % over the next two years . 
To suggest that a 10 % drop in ozone by the middle of the next century would be negligible is irresponsible and shortsighted . 
Indeed , the DLJ banker says , in the reborn capital structure cash coverage of interest `` will meaningfully improve . '' 
Philip Morris Cos. posted a 20 % jump in third-quarter profit on a 45 % revenue increase , reflecting strength in the company 's cigarette , food and brewing businesses . 
About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals , the company said . 
Value Line added , `` With discounts widening on business papers , and with newsprint and corrugated shipments flat , we expect negative earnings comparisons through next year . '' 
The only fly in the Soviet ointment was the last-minute addition of a unilateral American caveat , that U.S. aid to the resistance would continue as long as Soviet aid to Kabul did . 
An Asian bloc is n't intended , he said . 
Net sank to $ 3.1 million , or eight cents a share , including $ 789,000 , or two cents a share , reflecting a tax-loss carry-forward . 
A Lufthansa spokeswoman in Tokyo said the head of Lufthansa 's cargo operations had been in Toyko last week for talks with JAL . 
The stock jumped 9 1\/2 Friday , when the company announced it was in takeover talks . 
It 's been a steadily improving relationship , '' says Mr. Carpenter . 
Per-share figures have been adjusted for a 4-for-1 stock split paid earlier this month . 
ITT bought back 8.8 million shares this year , including 2.8 million during the third quarter . 
Another Fox official , who declined to be identified , said Fox was n't pleased by the possible Paramount-MCA venture into prime-time programming . 
Most of the loans in question are to Third World countries in South America . 
Share prices closed higher in Sydney , Taipei , Wellington , Manila , Hong Kong and Singapore and were lower in Seoul . 
Its stock , at 9 5\/8 , trades at about 8 1\/2 times estimated 1989 earnings -- an appropriately low multiple for a company with recession-sensitive customers . 
For years , he quietly stuck to the back accounting rooms , wearing a hat to work because everyone else did . 
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration . 
Days later , the thieves returned and dug out more , this time adding insult to injury . 
Chugai agreed then to fund certain associated research and development costs . 
But not all strategists or money managers are ready to throw in the towel completely on cyclicals . 
But whether this price break has implications for this week , he said , `` we will know more when the London Metal Exchange copper stock levels are released Monday morning . '' 
Mercury also is shrinking itself , part of its plan to change its emphasis from buying mortgage loans from mortgage brokers to making loans directly . 
So IBM will be announcing more than 50 products that will be aimed at letting even the dumbest machine tool talk to the smartest mainframe , or anything in between . 
Mr. Johnson is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Chicago bureau . 
WHY SHOULD the Japanese cross the Pacific to buy American real estate when they can simply recreate it at home ? 
The problem is one that East Germany shares with other half-states , such as North Korea , but one it must shoulder alone in the East Bloc . 
The issue , which is puttable back to the company in 1999 , was priced at a spread of 110 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
In an effort to determine whether a caller has reason to sue , Cane lawyers review documents and perform research , if necessary , with the help of three law clerks and several support staffers . 
Work was begun on single family homes -- the core of the housing market -- at an annual rate of 971,000 in September , a drop of 2.1 % from the previous month . 
On Friday , trading in practically every issue ground to a halt as potential buyers fled and brokerage firms were unwilling to provide bid and offer prices for most issues . 
At that point , the junk market went into a tailspin as buyers disappeared and investors tried to sell . 
Volume totaled 16,800,000 shares . 
But after years of using the issue for its benefit , the GOP finds its candidates on the defensive . 
Customers lean forward , rest their knees on side supports and bury their face in padding on the back of the chair . 
Butane and propane can be used as coolants , for example , but are flammable . 
During the third quarter , Compaq purchased a former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland , which will be used for international service and repair operations . 
Advanced Medical Technologies Inc. said it purchased 93 % of a unit of Henley Group Inc . 
Profit before taxes fell 17 % to $ 84.4 million from $ 101.4 million . 
Shareholder approval sets the stage for a lengthy process of restructuring that might not be completed until next year 's second half . 
The rub is that the $ 28 million was plucked from the funds of this federally insured institution even as CenTrust was losing money hand over fist . 
Mr. Bush asked Congress to raise to $ 6 billion from $ 3 billion the amount of money Defense Secretary Dick Cheney may shift among the Pentagon 's individual programs , projects and activities , allowing him to ease the pain that the Gramm-Rudman budget law was intended to inflict . 
Meanwhile , Government National Mortgage Association 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 97 29\/32 , unchanged . 
A face-to-face meeting with Mr. Gorbachev should damp such criticism , though it will hardly eliminate it . 
In addition , earnings growth took a back seat to cash flow , restructuring and takeover potential , and breakup value as the preferred stock-picking standards for much of the year . 
Marcus W. Brauchli contributed to this article . 
By the end of the century scientists had embraced the system . 
`` I do n't believe in the airline business you can be totally laissez-faire because of the high degree of public interest '' at stake . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered . 
This Brooklyn , N.Y. , generic-drug maker announced a 5 % stock dividend payable Dec. 15 , to holders of record Nov. 15 . 
Malcolm faces bankruptcy and an IRS audit , but Nora finds an extra $ 30,000 in her bank account , suddenly increasing her available funds some fifteenfold . 
I can see both sides . '' 
`` It 's going to get bloody . '' 
A 30 % cut in this year 's capital gains alone amounts to roughly $ 50 billion . 
When this plan met resistance , it was agreed instead to take money from HUD to subsidize needed improvements in two settling ponds for the mills , which employ an estimated 1,500 workers , according to Mr. Inouye 's office . 
Last Friday 's announcement was the first official word that the project was in trouble and that the company 's plans for a surge in market share may have been overly optimistic . 
In other words , regulation will occur through inaction and happenstance , rather than through a normal deliberative procedure . 
`` If the economy shows no sign of turning around in about year 's time , she will be very vulnerable , '' says John Barnes , a lecturer at the London School of Economics . 
People familiar with B.A.T say possible acquirers for the units include managers from both retailing chains , and General Cinema Corp. , which is interested in bidding for Saks . 
A decision is n't expected until some time next year . 
Of all the unflattering portraits of small-town America I 've seen on TV , this film is the most gratuitously nasty . 
The savings was given incorrectly in Friday 's edition . 
Mr. Hollander 's High Technology Holding Co. of Stamford , Conn. , acquired most of its stake last August in an $ 11-a-share tender offer for Newport , a maker of electronic-measuring devices . 
The current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 6.15 % in 1991 to 7.10 % in 2000 . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
In the 1980s , the Justice Department and lower federal courts that enforce the Voting Rights Act have required state legislatures and municipal governments to create the maximum number of `` safe '' minority election districts -- districts where minorities form between 65 % and 80 % of the voting population . 
Michael Hicks , who manages sales and trading for brokerage concern Societe Generale Strauss Turnbull , said : `` It 's a nervous market . 
HUD Secretary Jack Kemp backed an unsuccessful effort to strike such language last week , but received little support from the White House budget office , which wants to protect space-station funding in the bill and has tended to turn its eyes from pork-barrel amendments . 
And then , asset values of the funds could plunge more than they have so far . 
Rep. Ronnie Flippo ( D. , Ala. ) , one of the members of the delegation , says he was particularly impressed by Mr. Krenz 's ready admission that East Germany needed to change . 
Mark T. Kuiper Jersey City , N.J . 
Additional cable partners could boost subscribers even further . 
It 's an inherited human disorder that 's been duplicated in mice . 
Assuming modern audiences readily understand that Moliere 's social indictment covers their world as well as 17th-century Paris , Mr. Wilbur concentrated his formidable artistry on rendering the Alexandrine French verse into sprightly and theatrical English iambic pentameter . 
In 1985 , Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi , in his talks with then Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme , imposed the condition that the contract have no middlemen . 
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems . 
The office , a Treasury Department unit that is the successor to the Federal Home Loan Bank Board , said this was the first announcement of an enforcement action since this year 's thrift-bailout legislation ordered that all such actions by federal banking regulators be made public . 
James Earl Jones is cast to play the Rev. Mr. Johns . 
About the same time , the Iran-Iraq war , which was roiling oil markets , ended . 
When an electric current is applied to the palladium and platinum electrodes , the heavy water did begin to break up , or dissociate . 
At most firms , though , it 's the immediate supervisor who decides the merit increases subordinates will be paid . 
And , all the while , Panama 's debt problems continued to grow . 
`` The question is unanswerable at this point , '' she says . 
The 1974 budget `` reform , '' passed over President Nixon 's veto , took away the presidential impoundment power , thereby introducing monstrous CRs and eviscerating the presidential veto . 
Corporate Issues 
Earthquake insurance costs about $ 2 to $ 4 annually for every $ 1,000 of value , and high deductibles mean it generally pays only when there is a catastrophe . 
Yesterday 's election was a sequel to Enfield 's annual meeting in June when Mr. Blair disallowed proxies in favor of two Hees nominees . 
Mr. Mahfouz 's Cairo also has Sufi sheiks and saintly wives who look to God , not crime , for their salvation . 
IT PAYS to follow a management career path -- even at law firms . 
Biological weapons violations have figured little in political debate , and indeed have not been pressed vigorously enough by the U.S. government . 
Foreclosures and other signs of financial distress , most often associated with the real estate market in the Southwest , are surfacing in the suburban office market of the once thriving Northeast . 
Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 
New York City : 
The agreement marks Bausch & Lomb 's first venture selling its eye care products for use by veterinarians . 
Lawrence Insurance also sold 3.2 million of its shares for $ 7.125 each to its parent , Lawrence Group Inc . 
They then run remotely controlled self-diagnostic programs . 
During the past administration the foodstuffs were first bought by the institute , then sold at low prices to `` unscrupulous businessmen '' who resold them to the institute at inflated prices , the statement said . 
A parliamentary inquiry found in July that more than 70 people living in Britain could have been part of death squads that roamed Nazi-occupied Eastern Europe . 
A genetic probe showed the hemoglobin gene was missing , the researchers report in the medical journal Lancet . 
Two Minneapolis shareholder suits in the past month have accused top officers of making `` various untrue statements . '' 
He noted that currently the ratio of available copper to consumption is about 3.5 weeks . 
A huge production system built in the sea off Santa Barbara and ashore is sitting idle . 
In addition , GM 's North American vehicle production fell 8.4 % from a year ago , which hurt Delco Electronic 's earnings , a company spokesman said . 
Elizabeth Holtzman , district attorney for Brooklyn , N.Y. , said , `` The appellate division has agreed with our view that despite federal worker-safety laws , state prosecutors have the power to protect working people . '' 
But LTV 's move marks the first effort by a major steelmaker to counter the free fall in spot prices . 
Whether psyllium makes Sidhpur 's fortune depends on cholesterol-fearing Americans , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and , of course , the outcome of further research . 
He had developed a hatred for the hacker and a grudging appreciation of the federal `` spooks '' who make national security their business . 
Dataproducts is fighting a hostile tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners , a group led by New York-based Crescott Investments Associates . 
In addition , McCall 's put in a less than stellar performance . 
`` The earning power { of gold mining companies } is restricted unless the gold price hops up over $ 425 an ounce , '' he says . 
The rewriting was launched at a meeting between Mr. Bush and intelligence committee leaders Oct. 12 , a few days before the meeting at which the president complained about the rules . 
Moreover , Daewoo 's domestic sales have grown half as fast as sales of its rivals . 
Dell Computer Corp. , squeezed by price pressure from its larger competitors and delays in its new product line , said its per-share earnings for fiscal 1990 will be half its previous forecasts . 
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it . 
That event , he contended , simply shows the `` vulnerability '' of having listings on only one exchange . 
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc . 
Some want lower limits on house sizes ; others insist on progressively higher taxation for larger homes and lots . 
The walls shook ; the building rocked . 
Mr. Stoltzman tied the composer in by proclaiming him `` the great improviser of the 18th century , '' and then built on the image by joining with Mr. Douglas in some Bach two-part inventions , cleverly arranged for clarinet and bassoon by Mr. Douglas . 
As of March 1 , its Flint office , with about 2,500 employees , stopped delivering bulk mail and non-subscription magazines . 
International Proteins shares did n't trade yesterday on the American Stock Exchange . 
For Aetna and other insurers , the San Francisco earthquake hit when resources in the field already were stretched . 
`` Under the new tax-reform law , the days of widespread , wholesale corporate tax avoidance have come to an end . '' 
`` But by and large this company has only been profitable . '' 
`` The press has been doing an excellent job . 
These shares will be bought by SIBV-MS Holdings at $ 41.75 each after the acquisition of the minority shares . 
Mr. Guber got his start in the movie business at Columbia two decades ago . 
Without a microscope and a subpoena , it 's often hard to sort out worthwhile causes from ripoffs if all you 've got to go on is the solicitation itself . 
`` This is the type of fire insurance you only buy when the nearby woods are on fire , '' says Mr. Roth . 
It was the 49-year-old Mr. Evans who had moved into the offices of MGM\/UA and run the company during Qintex Australia Ltd. 's aborted bid for the movie company . 
The czars were no civil libertarians . 
And , despite its image as a technology superpower , Japan has a lot of weaknesses . 
By some estimates , Brazil 's internal debt , or combined public deficit , could reach 6.5 % of its $ 351 billion gross domestic product . 
`` He does n't want to lead the people , '' says Richard Traynor , president of New Jersey Right to Life . 
He also had to fight harder for credibility than his partner did . 
Instead of hiring one of the many active managers specializing in growth stocks , indexers can design a portfolio around the same stocks ; the portfolio will be maintained by computer , reducing both fees and , in theory , risk ( because of the large number of stocks ) . 
He has never met Lynn Williams , the president of the United Steelworkers union , and is n't active in the industry 's main trade group , the American Iron and Steel Institute , which Mr. Roderick served as chairman . 
Or those who choose not to farm can lease their lands and crop allotments for handsome sums . 
The rebound in UAL stock during regular trading hours Monday was its first daily gain after six consecutive losses left the price 41 % below its level before Oct. 13 , the day the group announced the bank financing could n't be obtained for the original deal . 
Three A.D.L. inventors applied April 6 , 1973 , for the patent , which was assigned and awarded in 1976 to Hasbro Industries , then Eagle 's parent . 
Obviously not . 
For the nine months , the San Jose , Calif.-based company said net income jumped 84 % to $ 26.9 million , or 69 cents a share , from $ 14.6 million , or 43 cents a share . 
With a pilot who speaks no English . 
Digital , based in Maynard , Mass. , hopes to stage a repeat performance in mainframes , and it has spent almost $ 1 billion developing the new technology . 
`` We asked police to investigate why they are allowed to distribute the flag in this way . 
Actually , about two years ago , the Journal listed the creation of the money fund as one of the 10 most significant events in the world of finance in the 20th century . 
Volume was extremely thin at 351.3 million shares , the lightest volume of the week and modestly under Thursday 's 387.4 million shares . 
Quarter net for the business-machines and financial-services company rose to $ 155 million , or $ 1.41 a share , from $ 146 million , or $ 1.37 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Lawyers representing DPC declined to elaborate , saying they did n't have a final copy of the filing . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index soared 7.52 , or 1.6 % , to 470.80 , its highest one-day jump in points this year . 
It would n't be a good idea to indict him -- much less Mr. Noriega , the prosecutor was told . 
The profit rate is still low and the Q ratio was only 65 % in 1987 and 68.9 % in 1988 . 
One recent Saturday morning he stayed inside the Capitol monitoring tax-and-budget talks instead of flying to San Francisco for a fund-raiser and then to his hometown of Chicago for the 30th reunion of St. Ignatius High School . 
The budget reconciliation had to be dealt with by the Oct. 15 deadline , and these Senate Democrats refused to agree to allow a vote to append capital gains to the budget bill , knowing it would pass . 
Mr. Bartlett had slimmed Moliere 's cast of characters to six and set them in the London media world of Thatcherite Britain . 
Instead , they could turn to investing in smaller deals involving smaller companies , he says . 
`` Just because a particular element of the firm is down , '' such as stockbrokerage , `` does n't mean the executive committee should be paid less , '' he said . 
Faced with a $ 40 billion foreign debt and skyrocketing inflation , Poland must privatize industry and eliminate subsidies to stabilize its currency and qualify for international assistance . 
The bonds are tentatively priced to yield from 6.90 % in 1996 to 7.55 % in 2023 . 
So the bank 's board decided to make 1.23 billion Malaysian dollars ( US$ 457 million ) in provisions for interest payments from loans previously recorded as revenue but never actually received by the bank , and to submit a bailout package to replenish the bank 's paid-up capital . 
Although this White House pressure was clearly a factor among committee Republicans , no single influence was greater than Mr. Whitten . 
The sale price , which was above Wall Street expectations , sent many RJR securities up by one point . 
An estimated $ 25.8 million is allocated to continue work in Oman . 
Long-term CDs declined just a fraction . 
The Georgia-Pacific offer has definitely changed the landscape , '' said Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co . 
Las Colinas , once a huge Texas ranch , is a sprawling complex of office buildings , homes and recreational facilities that its developers have been struggling to populate in recent years . 
These days , he is as known for his flamboyant tastes and the youthful muse who shares his life as he is for his books . 
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons . 
And , of course , there 's the unsteady labor situation . 
Glossy brochures circulated at racetracks gush about the limelight of the winner 's circle and high-society schmoozing . 
`` Lower yields are just reflecting lower short-term interest rates , '' said Brenda Malizia Negus , editor of Money Fund Report . 
Interest will be imposed on unpaid taxes , but late-payment penalties on the returns will be waived if the balance due and paid is 10 % or less of the liability . 
`` That obviously means that we wo n't have enough for all of the emergencies that are now facing us , and we will have to consider appropriate requests for follow-on funding , '' Mr. Fitzwater said . 
It 's hard not to feel that God 's in his heaven with this kind of bird's-eye view of the world , even if your pilote in silly plaid beret kept pointing out how `` belle '' it all was . 
Interpublic Group of Cos. said third-quarter net rose 15 % to $ 6.9 million , or 21 cents a share , from $ 6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
`` These two exposures alone represent a very substantial portion of CS First Boston 's equity , '' Moody 's said . 
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19-story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 . 
Sales increased 7 % to $ 1.49 billion from $ 1.39 billion . 
In early trading in Tokyo Friday , the Nikkei index rose 170.65 points , to 35544.87 . 
The statement came after officials said Bush complained at a private meeting last week that a strict interpretation of a policy requires the U.S. to notify foreign dictators of certain coup plots . 
France 's national tobacco company , known for making brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises and Gitanes , is branching out . 
When it announced the planned breakup in May , Cray Research said development costs of several competing projects were squeezing its earnings growth . 
Mr. Burke succeeds Richard D. Manley , who will remain as a consultant to the company . 
That is the key to the current `` national disease . '' 
Global allocation funds take the asset-allocation concept one step further by investing at least 25 % of their portfolios outside the U.S. . 
B.A.T has declined to identify the potential bidders . 
CBS will add 25 1\/2 hours to that load in 1992 , and ratings could be hurt by a lack of live events . 
For construction in West Virginia , Mr. Bush requested $ 4.5 million ; Congress gave Senator Byrd 's state $ 21.5 million . 
Birtcher Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement with C.R. Bard Inc. , a Murray Hill , N.J. , maker of health-care products , for the purchase of the company 's Bard\/EMS Electrosurgery division for about $ 11 million . 
The latest figures compare with July 's 4.5 % month-to-month rise and 11.3 % year-to-year fall . 
Big stocks with large short interest gains as of Oct. 13 included First Executive , Intel , Campeau and LIN Broadcasting . 
The post of chief executive has been vacant since July when Terry Pryce , 55 , left the company . 
This is not the `` Mississippi Burning '' scenario that thrills his young colleagues : `` Kid , you 've been reading Classic Comics too long , '' Mancuso says . 
Mr. Tinker later left to become chairman of National Broadcasting Co . 
`` We wo n't sign any new contracts { with deliveries } beginning earlier than 2000 , '' the Hydro-Quebec official said . 
East Rock also said in the filing that it boosted its stake in A.P. Green to 8.7 % . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index dropped 1.20 to 342.50 ; the decline was the equivalent of a nine-point setback in the 30-stock average . 
Stocks\/Mutual Funds : Stocks and mutual funds other than money-market funds . 
OPEC 's ability to produce more petroleum than it can sell is beginning to cast a shadow over world oil markets . 
Wisconsin Toy Co. said it definitively agreed to acquire closely held Everything 's a Dollar Inc. of Virginia Beach , Va. , for stock currently valued at about $ 4.7 million . 
The provincially owned utility said it is tearing up the deal because `` the contract 's objectives ca n't be fulfilled . '' 
The settlement stems from charges that Better Book , now defunct , made misrepresentations in selling advertising for the directories and memberships in the bureau from 1984 to 1986 . 
Mr. Goodfellow has started a Menlo Park , Calif. , company called Anterior Technology that provides human editors for public electronic networks . 
So Campbell is talking to its `` brand enthusiasts , '' probing their psychological attachment to its soup . 
That was when the exchange took a new tack by publishing monthly statistics listing the top 15 program trading firms . 
Intelligence officials to this day worry whether Mr. Noriega sold sensitive information on the recordings to the Cubans or others . 
One Colombian drug boss , upon hearing in 1987 that Gen. Noriega was negotiating with the U.S. to abandon his command for a comfortable exile , sent him a hand-sized mahogany coffin engraved with his name . 
A strategic review is fundamentally different . 
But massage , no matter how chaste , is still associated in many minds with seedy fronts for prostitution , and that makes some executives nervous . 
The reporters were victims and some of the victims turned into unofficial reporters . 
After the three members of the court introduced themselves , the chairman of the panel said : `` Go ahead and tell us what happened . 
The computer processes 55 million instructions per second and uses only one central processing chip , unlike many rival machines using several processors . 
And service levels have increased to the point where they 're consistently above 99 % . '' 
Investor Arthur Goldberg is pursuing a $ 32-a-share takeover offer . 
You do n't hear much about unusual concentrations of fraud in Green Bay or Buffalo . 
Congress closed this loophole last year , or thought it did . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 250 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 11 classes by Morgan Stanley . 
The theft was discovered early this year , soon after Ms. Hammond took her post . 
The consolidated firm , which would rank among the 10 largest in Texas , would operate under the name Jackson & Walker . 
I take these pronouncements , like many that have preceded them in past years , with a grain of salt . 
Finally , he got help . 
Researchers in Edinburgh , Scotland , have found that in 23 of 38 breast tumors , one copy of chromosome 17 was mutated at the spot where gene p53 lies . 
National Semiconductor Corp. and a start-up named Ramtron Corp. plan to start shipping so-called ferroelectric memories , which can remember data for at least 10 years without any current flowing to them . 
The Los Angeles Red Cross sent 2,480 cots , 500 blankets , and 300 pints of Type-O blood . 
The outlook for corporate earnings is fairly bleak . 
Investors expect SunGard Data Systems , a company that provides disaster recovery services for computer-dependent businesses , to profit from the earthquake . 
Officials believe this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting . 
State Farm , based in Bloomington , Ind. , is also the largest writer of personal-property earthquake insurance in California . 
These stem from a two-year federal investigation of insider trading and securities fraud on Wall Street . 
Boston Co. officials declined to comment on Moody 's action or on the unit 's financial performance this year -- except to deny a published report that outside accountants had discovered evidence of significant accounting errors in the first three quarters ' results . 
The subsidiary , Bumiputra Malaysia Finance Ltd. , was left with M$ 2.26 billion in bad loans made to Hong Kong property speculators . 
The additions solidify American 's position as the third-largest U.S. transatlantic carrier , behind PanAm Corp. 's Pan American World Airways and Trans World Airlines . 
Boston Co. , the upper-crust financial services concern that was rocked by a management scandal late last year , has had a sharp drop in profitability -- mainly because a high-risk bet on interest rates backfired . 
No prosecutorial guidelines , observed or unobserved , limit civil RICO cases by plaintiffs for damages . 
The last time parties to these settlements negotiated wage increases , mostly in 1986 or 1987 , wages increased an average of 2.4 % a year over the life of the contracts . 
They would not solve the problem ; they would make it worse . 
A unified system of taxation should be introduced rapidly . 
PRECIOUS METALS : Futures prices inched upward in mostly lackluster trading . 
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention . 
For American car buyers , the proliferation of choice is both liberating and confusing . 
Having been through several tornadoes and hurricanes , I have a different perspective . 
The Nestle acquisition includes a candy plant in Franklin Park , Ill. , which employs about 800 workers . 
A major factor in the third-quarter loss was the write-down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . 
`` It 's horrible to say , but it 's unfortunate that earthquake was n't in Phoenix -- it might have knocked out some of our empty buildings , '' said C.W. Jackson , a prominent Arizona businessman with interests in real estate , banking and many other businesses . 
The passwords are included in the system software when it is installed but are supposed to be replaced as soon as the system is up and running . 
Italy 's unemployment rate rose to 12 % of the labor force in July from 11.9 % in April , and was up from 11.7 % a year earlier , according to quarterly figures from the state statistical institute . 
Moscow claims this is all needed to protect the Kabul regime against the guerrilla resistance . 
Says Ms. Raines , `` ( The judgment ) confirms our concern that the absence of patent lawyers on the court could prove troublesome . 
But nonetheless U.S. companies might be more successful in European markets if not for the German export push , he said . 
Volume on the first section was estimated at 600 million shares , down from 1.03 billion shares Friday . 
Then , says Dr. Levy , `` she woke up paralyzed . '' 
But some U.S. companies are negotiating projects that could be among the biggest ones to be launched . 
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs . 
First , its position in the government is anomalous . 
Even if he were to change his stripes and become another Milton Friedman , however , he would still stand a good chance of losing a country . 
Mr. Glazer expects Xerox to experience tough sledding , though , in financial services because of rate pressures and uncertainty surrounding tax treatment of capital gains . 
Travelers crowded into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited for buses in the rain , but the massive gridlock anticipated by officials in the San Francisco Bay area never materialized . 
The team additionally earns between $ 2 million and $ 4 million for local radio and television broadcast rights . 
Honda Motor Co. , the first Japanese auto maker to ship cars to Japan from the U.S. , is now exporting more than 5,000 Accord Coupes a year from its Marysville , Ohio , factory . 
The plan , proposed by U.S. Secretary of State Nicholas Brady , calls for banks either to make new loans or to reduce the principle on existing loans or to cut the interest rate on those existing loans . 
And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid . 
`` It 's called bad money driving out good money , '' said one retailing observer . 
It has a long shelf life and `` does n't fool the public , '' says Grady Auvil , an Orondo , Wash. , grower who is planting Fujis and spreading the good word about them . 
Baker had the good luck to arrive in 1925 Paris , where blacks had become exotic . 
Per-share net rose to 14.95 yen from 14.44 yen . 
In August , by contrast , program trading averaged 10.3 % of daily Big Board turnover . 
Petrocorp , a New Zealand-based oil and gas producer , said the planned purchase would be its first oil and gas acquisition outside its home country , and would form the basis for a new stand-alone exploration and production unit in Canada . 
The left also is critical of the style of the Socialist government -- a remarkable parallel to the situation in Britain . 
But its unsentimental sketches of Cairo life are vintage Mahfouz . 
If , for example , they choose to keep the B-2 Stealth bomber , they would have to sacrifice more and more other programs -- such as carrier battlegroups or army divisions -- as they moved toward lower budget levels . 
Even though the U.S. also has supported Canadian membership , it has n't been a Washington priority . 
After San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos spoke on television of the need for building inspectors to check the soundness of buildings , Los Angeles dispatched 32 inspectors to help . 
Their hope was that the catalyst would seek to oust the board in a solicitation of shareholder consents . 
We do n't expect much good from nuclear-arms control , but conventional-arms talks might demilitarize Eastern Europe . 
Richard M. Greenwood , Valley National 's executive vice president , said then that the company believed the write-downs were `` adequate '' and did n't plan to increase its reserves again . 
Quickview Systems Inc. said it filed a lawsuit against Apple Computer Inc. , claiming patent infringement in an element of Apple 's popular HyperCard software program . 
Stuffing a wad of Red Man into his cheek , he admits the fastball he brought into the majors in 1955 has become a slowball . 
Proceeds will be used for capital expenditures and working capital . 
Even the Bank of China , which normally took weeks to process letters of credit , was settling the letters at record speed to dispel rumors about the bank 's financial health . 
Under terms of the pact , Ultimate , a computer-systems concern , will market the full line of HP 9000 series 800 multipleuser minicomputers . 
Unlike the New York Stock Exchange , where buyers and sellers are quickly matched , the junk market , where risky corporate loans are traded , is sometimes closed for repairs . 
Mr. Mahfouz has been pilloried and censored for questioning Islam and advocating peace with Israel . 
`` The American proposal is not an adequate basis for negotiation , '' the EC said in a statement . 
Roberto Morelli , Italy analyst for County Natwest Securities in London , said that right now `` the market is n't being influenced by that kind of news , '' referring to the conditional nature of the talks mentioned by Mr. Reuter and by the uncertainty surrounding world stock exchanges this week . 
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . '' 
Freddie Mac 's 9 % issue ended at 97 19\/32 , up 2\/32 . 
The colleges , as educational institutions , had hoped that would n't be the case . 
On Isaac Stern 's recording it 's very biting . '' 
`` We were n't sure that full disclosure , as we wanted it , was being made . '' 
A Kellogg officer , who asked not to be named , said the Memphis project was `` pulled in for a reconsideration of costs , '' an indication that the ambitious plans might be scaled back in any future construction . 
But lawyers looking to cash in on the quake may have a tough time once their cases reach a judge . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
West German government officials and Western analysts are doubtful . 
In Japan , small suggestions are encouraged . 
Nevertheless , phone service was sporadic ; many computer terminals remained dark , and by late yesterday a third of San Francisco remained without power . 
Its ratio of tangible equity to total assets as of Sept. 30 was 3.6 % , and total equity was $ 457.9 million . 
The West German embassies in Prague , Budapest and Warsaw are continuing to find refugees at their gates . 
It 's unclear what role , if any , Mr. Lorenzo 's recent exploration of a possible sale of a stake in Continental had in Mr. Corr 's departure . 
Simply put , there is n't enough business for every store to grow . 
The man who brought the bribe to the Dallas school was Ron Meyer , a flashy sort who came in 1975 to rescue a woebegone program , Mr. Whitford writes . 
Installation of the TV system , which includes providing free 19-inch TV sets in classrooms , begins in January . 
While the company has always been family-run , Mr. Brawer is n't the first person to marry into the family and subsequently head Maidenform . 
The young leave , especially girls who wo n't milk cows by hand . 
`` If I go in there as I normally dress , they 'd ask , ` Who is this hippie ? ' '' 
The Big Board `` is partly to blame { for the price swings } , because they 're cowards , '' said Mr. Wohlstetter . 
In Japan , he 's known in racy weekly magazines as the `` King of Shady Money . '' 
Mitsubishi has a futuristic delivery truck called the Guppy . 
It could cost taxpayers $ 15 million to install and BPC residents $ 1 million a year to maintain . 
Sammye Meadows Sam Rushforth Gary Bryner Heber City , Utah 
Jonathan H. Kress , the son of the painting 's former owner , Mrs. Rush Kress , dismisses the price talk as `` sour grapes . '' 
West Texas Intermediate was bid up more than 20 cents a barrel in many overseas markets . 
It 's already that in the Bush administration , at least for any job in which abortion is even remotely an issue . 
Eprex , used by dialysis patients who are anemic , and Prepulsid , a gastro-intestinal drug , did well overseas , he said . 
`` A lot of donors just get taken . '' 
Snack-food tonnage increased a strong 7 % in the third quarter , while domestic profit increased in double digits , Mr. Calloway said . 
For instance , he noted , the Fed studies have shown that blacks receive more home improvement loans than whites . 
The dollar began yesterday on a firm note in Tokyo , closing higher in late trade . 
Already , scientists are developing tests based on the newly identified genes that , for the first time , can predict whether an otherwise healthy individual is likely to get cancer . 
Revenue edged up to $ 8.9 billion from $ 8.81 billion . 
Many institutions and individual investors have shied away from stock-index futures , blaming them for speeding the stock market crash on Black Monday two years ago . 
Mr. Allday would succeed Martha Hesse , who is resigning . 
The convertible preferred will pay dividends at 7.875 % and be convertible into shares of Citizens First at a rate equal to 20 % above the average closing price of the stock during a 20-day period prior to the transaction 's completion . 
East Germany pledged to reduce alcohol consumption by boosting production of soft drinks and fruit juices . 
The company was founded in Sacramento in 1929 by two brothers , Ralph and Walter Merksamer , who operated as DeVon 's Jewelers . 
It could be a long wait , say some industry observers . 
Senate Republicans have settled on a proposal that would cut the capital-gains tax for individuals and corporations . 
The Bush administration has said it will try to resurrect its plan when the House Energy and Commerce Committee takes up a comprehensive clean-air bill . 
`` Rest assured , we proceed with exemplary fairness . '' 
It { Tuesday 's quake } has n't solved our problem . 
We are prepared to support those changes , '' said Mr. Mosbacher . 
He said Wang had reached an agreement with a `` major financial firm '' to sell for $ 150 million its domestic equipment lease portfolio and that of its Wang Credit Corp. subsidiary . 
As the violinist tells it , his grandmotherly looking teacher `` put her hands on her hips , stomped her foot and said , ` You 've just got to get the { expletive deleted } out of there . ' '' 
Are the hats merely part of her new L.A. persona , along with the many ultra-thin Capri cigarettes she smokes , the parties she throws for 500 people , the Chekovian feasts she offers guests at her weekend place in Santa Barbara ? 
